
Advantages of drinking water in copper glass according to Ayurveda - Dr. Mini Nair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKAp4qAibWI

Are there different styles of Acupuncture - Dr. Arun Kumar K G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZ4ydVMLMYs

Ayurvedic medicines that help in curing PCOS - Dr. Nidhi Navani
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtJdAR8cvpI

Ayurvedic remedies for Computer Vision Syndrome-Dr. Sharad Kulkarni
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7-KojPCBv4

Ayurvedic remedies for dry eyes - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvz8GYT1pGw

Ayurvedic treatment for Migraine - Dr. Farida Khan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bdq-PInmnbI

Ayurvedic ways to manage Computer Vision Syndrome - Dr. Mini Nair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lr4jQrowjkA

Ayurvedic ways to manage Diabetic Foot - Dr. Mini Nair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIhDb2Ld0Dw

Ayurvedic ways to manage joint pain - Dr. Mini Nair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIiDbfQpJfk

Benefits of eating with hands - Dr. Mini Nair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omwoML8_KYs

Benefits of sleep & advantages of different sleeping positions - Dr. Gurudatta H K
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omwoML8_KYs

Can a chiropractor treat Scoliosis - Dr. Erik W
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrSXuQxjaps

Can Acupuncture help in Diabetes - Dr. Arun Kumar K G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flI1y_AAvIA

Can Acupuncture help in stress management - Mr. Sudhakant Mishra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tzn9eAz9FQE

Can acute conditions be treated by acupressure-Dr. Gurudatta H K
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Opn9fPB0W5I

Can ayurveda help in management of Hemorrhoids - Dr. Mini Nair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xmhw3gfQDos

Can ayurveda treat weak eyesight - Dr. Mini Nair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-eCOiayLy8

Can Homeopathy help with Erectile Dysfunction not responding to medications - Dr. Suresh G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-eCOiayLy8

Can homeopathy permanently cure thyroid disorders - Dr. Suresh G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8S5InVhbzk

Can Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy help Autistic Kids - Dr. Nagaraja M
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Db_zBdSuCcE

Can I do Hijama or Cupping Therapy if I had a Miscarriage - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AK0nMVJ_3mo

Can I drive after Hijama or Cupping Therapy session - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tunLHYP4L1U

Can one go for Ayurvedic Treatment for dandruff & hairfall - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tunLHYP4L1U

Can onion juice be helpful in regrowth after patchy hair loss - Dr. Farida Khan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4bC0I98GD8

Can PCOS & Infertility be treated with Hijama - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsQkzRiG1nk

Can you treat both men & women by Cupping Therapy - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZ1ArSCcqJA

Chiropractor OR Osteopath helps in Back pain Procedure DEMO- Dr. Anup Brahmbhatt Doctors' Circle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZ1ArSCcqJA

Cost of Chelation Therapy - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g21GxjWuESU

Do Homeopathic medicines manage Erectile Dysfunction and Varicocele - Dr. Suresh G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g21GxjWuESU

Does lack of physical activity, inadequate diet affect fertility - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g21GxjWuESU

Factors essential to becoming pregnant - Dr. RameshBabu N
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgpynqtUwXg

HAART & alternative medicine system for immunity - Dr. Ashoojit Kaur Anand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0GKTajsLOE

Homeopathic medicines for thick hair in men - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieCBj3QizuM

How can one treat diseases without medication - Dr. Sharmila Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJEKRCNt-1E

How can Panchakarma lead to detoxification - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9P54dguKCo

How do you treat PCOS in Ayurveda - Dr. Nidhi Navani
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiLjL8GmlS4

How does ayurveda help in weight loss - Dr. Sharmila Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpX8FHkeAaM

How does homeopathy help in treating influenza - Dr. Suresh G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lq1zGOq7s4g

How does the Acupuncturist manage infection control - Dr. Arun Kumar K G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuJ5uD0tgPc

How does yoga help build pain tolerance - Dr. Gurudatta H K
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiKiLcQmW0I

How Dry Needling helps in Pain Reduction  Dry Needling Demo - Dr. Anup Brahmbhatt  Doctors' Circle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiKiLcQmW0I

How effective is the homeopathic treatment for male infertility - Dr. RameshBabu N
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiKiLcQmW0I

How is Chelation Therapy administered - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7IYiy51orI

How is walking in park good or health-Dr. Gurudatta H K
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJwHehyeEeA

How long does each treatment session last - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WSoZnpS-yU

How long does it take for a homeopathic medicine to have an effect - Dr. Suresh G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NX-Y_ny9y6A

How much time will Ayurvedic treatment take to cure PCOS - Dr. Nidhi Navani
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6l-xpWIh98

How often should I get Hijama or Cupping Therapy done - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SxhWPBYcTk

How squatting helps preventing Piles - Dr. Sharad Kulkarni
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MO4ZmWiz6YM

How to cure Sciatica with chiropractic treatments - Dr. Erik W
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ke8hYhpv6NI

How to deal with sharp pain during yoga practice - Dr. Gurudatta H K
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf95bnz7SK4

How to do Panchakarma at home - Dr. Phanindra VV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDidejaYZkM

How to increase breast milk production naturally - Dr. Mini Nair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDr1cqas9_o

How to manage Gastritis with ayurvedic ways - Dr. Farida Khan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYHA1ZcnyNI

How to manage skin disorders with ayurveda - Dr. Sharmila Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_JciA7_jUM

How to manage Tuberculosis of bone & lungs - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_a80305X8kw

How to manage Typhoid not responding to antibiotics - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1gb79zJV0Y

How to manage weight that was gained selectively around the belly - Dr. Mini Nair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIcwoF2BeaE

How to recognise that you have PCOS - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPX3BioOwbo

How weight loss is possible with Ayurveda - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGN_TCuawh0

How whole grains play a major role in supporting nutrition of the body - Dr. Sharmila Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGN_TCuawh0

I'm healthy, can I still do Hijama - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1P24B7B5oI

Is Ayurveda effective in managing thyroid problems - Dr. Chetali Samant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_DvSzn42u0

Is Ayurveda effective in reducing joint pain in Osteoarthritis - Dr. Chetali Samant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_DvSzn42u0

Is Ayurveda effective in treating Allergic Rhinitis - Dr. Chetali Samant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O35I5IYV43I

Is black or rock salt healthier than normal salt - Dr. Mini Nair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgRUleVLQfs

Is breakfast the most important meal for weight loss - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am82OfsoSK4

Is Cupping Therapy or Al Hijama painful - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwVzpOMfp4s

Is Gymnema sylvester useful for Diabetes & its side effects - Dr. Chetali Samant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3ANlPGqQ1g

Is Hijama or Cupping Therapy similar to donating blood - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfAKREJWuHM

Is homeopathy right treatment for Infetility - Dr. RameshBabu N
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFPTAN2fWbg

Is it mandatory to go for MRI Scan for pituitary gland - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz6Ifk03tfY

Is masturbation good and how frequently its safe to do it - Dr. Sanjay Phutane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-zsA8PSHsM

Is RFQMR or Cytotron Therapy Permanent cure for Osteoarthritis - Dr. Nagaraja M
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrcubWjuIIw

Is there a cure for insomnia in Homeopathy - Dr. Suresh G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7eagg0Mpqo

Is there a loss of bowel control after Piles or Hemorrhoid surgery - Dr. Sharad Kulkarni
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7eagg0Mpqo

Is there a permanent solution for PCOS in Ayurveda - Dr. Nidhi Navani
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37qxVix_t8o

Is there any effective treatment for Diabetes in Ayurveda - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37qxVix_t8o

Is there any effective treatment for Thyroid Disease in Ayurveda - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37qxVix_t8o

Management of Anorectal fistula in Homeopathy - Dr. Suresh G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUdno00ffPM

Normal range of platelet count & should one worry if it is elevated - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUdno00ffPM

Role of Homeopathy to increase libido in men with small genitals - Dr. Suresh G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAg8oMI1xOw

Should everyone undergo all the Panchakarma procedures - Dr. Phanindra VV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq9R6xFdnkU

Should one take dog bite vaccination after dog scratch with no visible blood - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq9R6xFdnkU

Side effects of Chelation Therapy - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6DjDy2louY

Time period required for hair regrowth after applying onion juice for hair loss - Dr. Mini Nair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6DjDy2louY

Treatment for Arthritis in Ayurveda - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QmOHt8cWyY

Treatment for male pattern baldness in Ayurveda - Dr. Farida Khan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viUBbphk9DI

Uses of Chelation Therapy - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v6vHPc0SJ0

What are side effects of Ozone Therapy - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYijyTB2fw4

What are the benefits of Hijama or Cupping Therapy - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaDHdRhQjoM

What are the causes & symptoms of PCOS - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PgjrQEFHKQ

What are the causes of chronic headache & its management - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88MzhvnvRbM

What are the factors essential to get pregnant - Dr. RameshBabu N
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOCwh3RWRNA

What are the most common diseases cured with Hijama or Cupping Therapy - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOCwh3RWRNA

What are the remedies for Type 2 Diabetes in Ayurveda - Dr. Chetali Samant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zA_5fw0qh9Y

What are the side effects of Cupping Therapy or Al Hijama - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SptArvSB2qw

What are the treatment for hair loss in ayurveda - Dr. Sharmila Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGYP6Mz7vUw

What are the types of Cupping Therapy or Al Hijama - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUnmeaO7I5E

What can cause fast heart beat after breakfast throughout the day - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUnmeaO7I5E

What causes Infertility in women & risk factors leading to it - Dr. RameshBabu N
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bs-FQ2sOKJA

What causes neck pain with headache - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9ys-0oB-mg

What causes retarded growth of genitals & beard in young men - Dr. Suresh G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agcJ7IDOHSI

What causes sensitive male genitals - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_I_8MY-wyUU

What do opening of eyes, vomiting milk & fatigue in babies indicate - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_I_8MY-wyUU

What is Agnikarma - Dr. Sharad Kulkarni
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lo8RHlLIwEE

What is an Acupuncture treatment - Dr. Arun Kumar K G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkPXKj0nLzk

What is an Ovarian Cyst - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03jtLGBisEo

What is Chelation Therapy - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQtONTmKFow

What is Cupping Therapy - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hdo5Db6V_ks

What is CVID disease and associated causes & symptoms - Dr. Sanjay Panicker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaOuvSzc6K8

What is Infertility & who gets affected - Dr. RameshBabu N
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlHrrqG4plk

What is Infertility & who gets it - Dr. RameshBabu N
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjqWq1b15no

What is Kshar Sutra Therapy - Dr. Sharad Kulkarni
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtHv68JqkfI

What is Ozone - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0aVSV9mdE4

What is PCOS - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfPvCrmR8sU

What is RFQMR or Cytotron Therapy for Osteoarthritis - Dr. Nagaraja M
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU46ow43IMs

What is the management of Infertility - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYxfnf0k5ZU

What is the minimum age to do Hijama - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CM6J2T3wCZ8

What is the minimum age to do Hijama or Cupping Therapy - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhAVvOei7tk

What is the treatment of PCOD in Ayurveda - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3h33Ihz-qw

What is the Vertebral Subluxation - Dr. Erik W
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KqKM09-TSk

What precautions are required  while using laxatives for Piles treatment - Dr. Sharad Kulkarni
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KqKM09-TSk

When is the most fertile time of women to get pregnant - Dr. RameshBabu N
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VI5By1Q4LQ4

Which conditions can be treated with Acupuncture - Dr. Arun Kumar K G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfFHt9BYrOI

Which point should one press for good night sleep-Dr. Gurudatta H K
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EjuW76eugA

Which postures are best to practice in yoga for Insomnia - Dr. Gurudatta H K
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35lqdmn84Wk

Which treatment is best for PCOS in Ayurveda - Dr. Nidhi Navani
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-EZ1VAr13g

Who benefits from chiropractic care - Dr. Erik W
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZ90PViOQWw

Who should avoid Hijama or Cupping Therapy - Dr. Shagufta Siraj
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZWnTnspPr4

Why chiropractic treatment is important - Dr. Erik W
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8N1YSqeYUk
Alternative Medicine -Hijama,Cupping Therapy,Acupuncture,Acupressure,Unani Medicine