
Archiving Files in Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CItUGbd3dw

Bash Scripting Basics Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSu4IWlOU7k

Bash Scripting Basics Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyaGaSwHocs

Bash Scripting Basics Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGfVCgE9lbI

Basics of Getting Help in Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSPPGmS-UPA

Basics of Shell Customization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4SBYv0AQEU

Basics of the Linux Boot Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yeMA7AJFtb8

Basics of Viewing Files in Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQvK5kComDg

Basics of Working With Storage Devices in Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQ5m6TgzWx0

Creating and Deleting Files and Folders in Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91FhiTyEaCU

File Permissions in Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ae2Oqe7fAOo

Getting Around in Unix (Basics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcBQ7I3YnOs

Hard and Soft Links in Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYonC93SvpE

Installing Ubuntu in a VirtualBox VM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FonzQyqEH1E

Intro to xargs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kAB_VgokMY

Introduction to Kernel Modules
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ID3gjDflqyA

Kernel Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTcnTOXf_jM

Managing Processes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVant1LicxI

Mounting Drives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AH9LEr3k5T4

Moving and Copying Files and Directories in Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKEGNdNIQrw

Path & Command Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irYWpAZKurA

Regular Expression Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJG1dETacLI

Scheduling Jobs in Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3EDu_IP8v8

Streams, Redirection, and Piping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuzOw7M15vg

The Basics of Installing Software from Source in Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PPsRowfJKA
Linux