
1-800-Flowers - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88TuOd6QNAA&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

2013 Independent Spirit Awards Best Screenplay Nominees — A Bad Lip Reading (1690873).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muFzMAsGmP4&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

2013 Independent Spirit Awards Best Screenplay Nominees — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muFzMAsGmP4&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

A Very Disney Bad Lip Reading FROZEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7hc2tqjJC8&list=PLLEMH9IpXKONZYxQfkXsOcjpbS2xL3bDc

A Very Disney Bad Lip Reading TANGLED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPrtCSlqz0Q&list=PLLEMH9IpXKONZYxQfkXsOcjpbS2xL3bDc

Abilify for Candidates - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIYEGDJoluc&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Amazon Echo - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvT_gqs5ETk&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

APPLE PRODUCT LAUNCH — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArjUUDhntzE&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Asian Baby - Justin Bieber and Rascal Flatts That Should Be Me, cover by a bad lip reader (1325085).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0GutrcKbRM&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Asian Baby - Justin Bieber and Rascal Flatts That Should Be Me, cover by a bad lip reader.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0GutrcKbRM&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Bad Lip Reading and Disney XD Present High School Musical  Disney XD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRvuSPBSPL4&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Bad Lip Reading Carl Poppa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBit5sk7lKA&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

Bad Lip Reading Presents Descendants  Bad Lip Reading Presents Descendants  Disney XD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xavgQnRnus&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

BadLipReading - La-Bibbida-Bibba-Dum The Governor's Broadway Song [HD 720p].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fb2f6OMP1p0&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

Beard With Glue — a Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKjn2_Ina5o&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Bend the Knee - Songify Game of Thrones!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2fd2MiEu7g&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

BERNIE & HILLARY — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROBTDSK46aU&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Beta Force - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7voPx_U5EM&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

BIDEN 2020 — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWISyLpF8yg&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

BIG HERO 6  Unnecessary Censorship  Try Not To Laugh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqFSkylQbEM&list=PLLEMH9IpXKONZYxQfkXsOcjpbS2xL3bDc

BLACK UMBRELLA (The Right Stuff), a bad lip reading of Miley Cyrus (1140166).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ii5IUihNuno&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

BLACK UMBRELLA (The Right Stuff), a bad lip reading of Miley Cyrus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ii5IUihNuno&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

BONUS AND EXTENDED SCENES — MEDIEVAL LAND FUN-TIME WORLD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BiODEobbug&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Bouncy Ball (From High School Musical A Bad Lip Reading).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLj9HTglPDA&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

Bush & Clinton — A Bad Lip Reading Soundbite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpVJ4AuXDK0&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

BUSHES OF LOVE -- Extended Lyric Video (1030587).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM&list=PLsYurJ48VApk-lfeY1p0-QYNdNiwEeWiM

BUSHES OF LOVE -- Extended Lyric Video (1359610).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM&list=PLCn23bgKy8GvTRtB5QlLlaFo7kx6aKbb4

BUSHES OF LOVE -- Extended Lyric Video (1760336).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM&list=PLqITtzxxtItEPjDh5QcAvmkKXvsi-ira5

BUSHES OF LOVE -- Extended Lyric Video (1806564).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM&list=PLU0PBd2r-f1h4wJoz1WW65marTerHf9U1

BUSHES OF LOVE -- Extended Lyric Video (1830203).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

BUSHES OF LOVE -- Extended Lyric Video (1955359).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

BUSHES OF LOVE -- Extended Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

Bushes of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-tnZwWMzg8&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

Carl Poppa (feat. Carl G.).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChmJ26KzNp0&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

CARL POPPA — Lyric Video (1360524).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9aM9Ch97U8&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

CARL POPPA — Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9aM9Ch97U8&list=PLqITtzxxtItEPjDh5QcAvmkKXvsi-ira5

Castle Dance (From Descendants A Bad Lip Reading).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=574boIZwtf4&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

CHOCOLATE LAGOON — A Bad Lip Reading of Shallow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BClI7yNbTFY&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Chocolate Lagoon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4Sk0Zgc4lU&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

CHRISTMAS IS HERE! — A Bad Lip Reading of Donald Trump (1473895).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nranUeNkXpM&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

CHRISTMAS IS HERE! — A Bad Lip Reading of Donald Trump (1943289).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nranUeNkXpM&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

CHRISTMAS IS HERE! — A Bad Lip Reading of Donald Trump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nranUeNkXpM&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Christmas Is Here!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_4mYfAmq8Y&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

CRUZ TALKS TRUMP — A Bad Lip Reading of Ted Cruz (1051022).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLkbx5U7EVU&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

CRUZ TALKS TRUMP — A Bad Lip Reading of Ted Cruz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLkbx5U7EVU&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

Cut for Time Glitter Litter Automatic Litter - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2yWAD5OzhM&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Danny Elephant  Bad Lip Reading Presents Descendants  Disney XD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkWuXacWa7M&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Danny Elephant (From Descendants A Bad Lip Reading).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FGGnMxMi10&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

DEBATE NIGHT! — A Bad Lip Reading of the first 2016 Presidential Debate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLYHu0AG8GI&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL CONVENTION — A Bad Lip Reading (1233472).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DErurte4CE&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL CONVENTION — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DErurte4CE&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

Depend Legends - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hH33lLVsYBU&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

DESPICABLE ME  Unnecessary Censorship  Try Not To Laugh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBry9uZojfo&list=PLLEMH9IpXKONZYxQfkXsOcjpbS2xL3bDc

Don't Name Your Kids Something Stupid. Dwayne Perkins - Full Special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOwvnBzJK5k&list=PLsYurJ48VApk-lfeY1p0-QYNdNiwEeWiM

Don't Stare at the Sun (From High School Musical A Bad Lip Reading).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJK-KGbAk_Q&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

Edward and Bella — A Bad Lip Reading of Twilight (1589604).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmxSk0wZxss&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Edward and Bella — A Bad Lip Reading of Twilight (1716162).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmxSk0wZxss&list=PLVfNG3tKgRakas8OsvY_O3Oq5-ZpiR-yQ

Edward and Bella — A Bad Lip Reading of Twilight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmxSk0wZxss&list=PLK9xp6rMlaNog0VykWQUmgjQNDD7cM9J7

Emergency Alert - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4c9pbiqJHo&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Everybody Poops - a bad lip reading of the Black Eyed Peas (1051415).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQTW7Pd1vqc&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Everybody Poops - a bad lip reading of the Black Eyed Peas (1597887).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQTW7Pd1vqc&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Everybody Poops - a bad lip reading of the Black Eyed Peas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQTW7Pd1vqc&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

Eye Of The Sparrow — A Bad Lip Reading of the First 2012 Presidential Debate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlwilbVYvUg&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

FINDING NEMO  Unnecessary Censorship  Try Not To Laugh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDVN45HCdxc&list=PLLEMH9IpXKONZYxQfkXsOcjpbS2xL3bDc

FIRST REPUBLICAN DEBATE HIGHLIGHTS 2015 — A Bad Lip Reading of The Republican Debate (1260067).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufGlBv8Z3NU&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

FIRST REPUBLICAN DEBATE HIGHLIGHTS 2015 — A Bad Lip Reading of The Republican Debate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufGlBv8Z3NU&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

FROZEN  Unnecessary Censorship  Try Not To Laugh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRrUJoVjo9k&list=PLLEMH9IpXKONZYxQfkXsOcjpbS2xL3bDc

Gang Fight -- Rebecca Black, as interpreted by a bad lip reader (1161566).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GaKaGwch0U&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Gang Fight -- Rebecca Black, as interpreted by a bad lip reader (1678270).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GaKaGwch0U&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Gang Fight -- Rebecca Black, as interpreted by a bad lip reader.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GaKaGwch0U&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

Guns - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwEyBItsXkw&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Haiku.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4Jxk7Dxbg0&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

Hallmark Mother Collection - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOkc45IJC0g&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Hardly Working Cool English Teacher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lILCc6AZ10c&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Herman Cain — A BLR Soundbite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE5xZKszXMQ&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

Heroin AM - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-ZdQ0z5cLM&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL (SNEAK PEEK) — Bad Lip Reading and Disney XD Present.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJ5CtSxQ0_4&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL A BAD LIP READING -- Bad Lip Reading and Disney XD Present (1529338).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVQSr8NpjrU&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL A BAD LIP READING -- Bad Lip Reading and Disney XD Present.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVQSr8NpjrU&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Hillary Campaign Ad - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3iBb1gvehI&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

HILLARY STORIES — A Bad Lip Reading of Hillary Clinton (1257965).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdufyeAfPh0&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

HILLARY STORIES — A Bad Lip Reading of Hillary Clinton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdufyeAfPh0&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

HOSTILES ON THE HILL — A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back (1080836).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRAOdRq-1lw&list=PLqITtzxxtItEPjDh5QcAvmkKXvsi-ira5

HOSTILES ON THE HILL — A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back (1133016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRAOdRq-1lw&list=PLsYurJ48VApk-lfeY1p0-QYNdNiwEeWiM

HOSTILES ON THE HILL — A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back (1393238).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRAOdRq-1lw&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

HOSTILES ON THE HILL — A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back (1758852).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRAOdRq-1lw&list=PLCn23bgKy8GvTRtB5QlLlaFo7kx6aKbb4

HOSTILES ON THE HILL — A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRAOdRq-1lw&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

Hostiles on the Hill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fBVXCxvSvo&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

Hot Jumping Beans -- another bad lip reading of Justin Bieber and Rascal Flatts (1256024).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gXotGSe_JE&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Hot Jumping Beans -- another bad lip reading of Justin Bieber and Rascal Flatts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gXotGSe_JE&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

HuckaPM - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZGmnXiZYGA&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Inauguration 2013 A Bad Lip Reading — A Bad Lip Reading of Barack Obama's Inauguration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpwhA-LdOHo&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

INAUGURATION DAY — A Bad Lip Reading of Donald Trump's Inauguration (1165857).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gneBUA39mnI&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

INAUGURATION DAY — A Bad Lip Reading of Donald Trump's Inauguration (1481806).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gneBUA39mnI&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

INAUGURATION DAY — A Bad Lip Reading of Donald Trump's Inauguration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gneBUA39mnI&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

INTERROGATING ZUCKERBERG — A Bad Lip Reading (1342984).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zCDvOsdL9Q&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

INTERROGATING ZUCKERBERG — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zCDvOsdL9Q&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Iraqi Gold — A Bad Lip Reading of The Campaign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RP7VPoxgL4A&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

IT'S NOT A MOON — A Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars (1521542).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT4shwU4Yc4&list=PLsYurJ48VApk-lfeY1p0-QYNdNiwEeWiM

IT'S NOT A MOON — A Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars (1660058).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT4shwU4Yc4&list=PLU0PBd2r-f1h4wJoz1WW65marTerHf9U1

IT'S NOT A MOON — A Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars (1802515).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT4shwU4Yc4&list=PLCn23bgKy8GvTRtB5QlLlaFo7kx6aKbb4

IT'S NOT A MOON — A Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars (1958237).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT4shwU4Yc4&list=PLqITtzxxtItEPjDh5QcAvmkKXvsi-ira5

IT'S NOT A MOON — A Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars (1995789).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT4shwU4Yc4&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

IT'S NOT A MOON — A Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT4shwU4Yc4&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

Kicked Your Monkey — A Bad Lip Reading of Gotye's Somebody That I Used To Know.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcQfiYUXrtI&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Kicked Your Monkey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUDtw66SIsM&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

LA FWAY — A Bad Lip Reading of Beyoncé (1700269).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JI1kq6CA_38&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

LA FWAY — A Bad Lip Reading of Beyoncé.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JI1kq6CA_38&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

La-Bibbida-Bibba-Dum (On Broadway).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKPu6LrXWqY&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

LION KING  Unnecessary Censorship  Try Not To Laugh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pH215KUmgyw&list=PLLEMH9IpXKONZYxQfkXsOcjpbS2xL3bDc

Magic Man --  a bad lip reading of Ludacris and The Bee Gees (1141712).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmobkT8IuxM&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Magic Man --  a bad lip reading of Ludacris and The Bee Gees.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmobkT8IuxM&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

MAYWEATHER VS. MCGREGOR — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9o7KPoS0HGs&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

MEDIEVAL LAND FUN-TIME WORLD EXTENDED TRAILER — A Bad Lip Reading of Game of Thrones (1465576).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Krz-dyD-UQ&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

MEDIEVAL LAND FUN-TIME WORLD EXTENDED TRAILER — A Bad Lip Reading of Game of Thrones (1685919).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Krz-dyD-UQ&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

MEDIEVAL LAND FUN-TIME WORLD EXTENDED TRAILER — A Bad Lip Reading of Game of Thrones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Krz-dyD-UQ&list=PLK9xp6rMlaNog0VykWQUmgjQNDD7cM9J7

Melanianade - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJBL7kuzvsg&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Michele Bachmann a BLR Soundbite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFB6LQ1-WKU&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

Mitt Romney — A BLR Soundbite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9L9A1IMTQo&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

MLB A Bad Lip Reading — A Bad Lip Reading of Major League Baseball (1640892).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHr8NxA8raw&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

MLB A Bad Lip Reading — A Bad Lip Reading of Major League Baseball.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHr8NxA8raw&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Mom Celebrity Translator - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcviVDizlJ0&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Mommy Says  Bad Lip Reading Presents Descendants  Disney XD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aV3NNxKl7A4&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Mommy Says (From Descendants A Bad Lip Reading).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2qHxudFUFo&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

MONSTER RUN — A Bad Lip Reading of BTS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfqyNYu6khw&list=PLqITtzxxtItEPjDh5QcAvmkKXvsi-ira5

MORE HUNGER GAMES -- A Bad Lip Reading of Catching Fire (1123232).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKOZgQy8qrw&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

MORE HUNGER GAMES -- A Bad Lip Reading of Catching Fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKOZgQy8qrw&list=PLVfNG3tKgRakas8OsvY_O3Oq5-ZpiR-yQ

More Mitt — A Bad Lip Reading Soundbite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5i3F0YnkP0&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

MORE NFL — A Bad Lip Reading of The NFL (1062038).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRqKYXcL-2U&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

MORE NFL — A Bad Lip Reading of The NFL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRqKYXcL-2U&list=PLVfNG3tKgRakas8OsvY_O3Oq5-ZpiR-yQ

MORE STRANGER THINGS — A Bad Lip Reading of Stranger Things (1890721).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPNP59S9n20&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

MORE STRANGER THINGS — A Bad Lip Reading of Stranger Things.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPNP59S9n20&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

MORE TWILIGHT — A Bad Lip Reading of The Twilight Saga New Moon (1668130).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYC-waukYWo&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

MORE TWILIGHT — A Bad Lip Reading of The Twilight Saga New Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYC-waukYWo&list=PLVfNG3tKgRakas8OsvY_O3Oq5-ZpiR-yQ

MORE WALKING (AND TALKING) DEAD PART 1 - A Bad Lip Reading of The Walking Dead Season 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6BsMzc9mMs&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

MORE WALKING (AND TALKING) DEAD PART 2 - A Bad Lip Reading of The Walking Dead Season 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0BnadYbLIU&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Morning Dew — a bad lip reading of Bruno Mars, feat. Lady Gaga and Jay-Z (1078345).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUcszN8jRB8&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Morning Dew — a bad lip reading of Bruno Mars, feat. Lady Gaga and Jay-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUcszN8jRB8&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Mueller on a Cruller.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_3uYjqbPKU&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

MY STICK! — A Bad Lip Reading of The Last Jedi (1245252).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xl0Qr0uXuY&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

MY STICK! — A Bad Lip Reading of The Last Jedi (1495721).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xl0Qr0uXuY&list=PLqITtzxxtItEPjDh5QcAvmkKXvsi-ira5

MY STICK! — A Bad Lip Reading of The Last Jedi (1755579).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xl0Qr0uXuY&list=PLsYurJ48VApk-lfeY1p0-QYNdNiwEeWiM

MY STICK! — A Bad Lip Reading of The Last Jedi (1887224).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xl0Qr0uXuY&list=PLCn23bgKy8GvTRtB5QlLlaFo7kx6aKbb4

MY STICK! — A Bad Lip Reading of The Last Jedi (1982517).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xl0Qr0uXuY&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

MY STICK! — A Bad Lip Reading of The Last Jedi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xl0Qr0uXuY&list=PLK9xp6rMlaNog0VykWQUmgjQNDD7cM9J7

My Stick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNT7paB6Z0Q&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

New Disney Movie - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFJz2IMUeDE&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Newt Gingrich — A BLR Soundbite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BagYRDEFvy0&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

NFL 2015 — A Bad Lip Reading of The NFL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTRmyXX6ipU&list=PLVfNG3tKgRakas8OsvY_O3Oq5-ZpiR-yQ

NFL 2016 Part One — A Bad Lip Reading of the NFL (1288213).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-kGosnzvjU&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

NFL 2016 Part One — A Bad Lip Reading of the NFL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-kGosnzvjU&list=PLVfNG3tKgRakas8OsvY_O3Oq5-ZpiR-yQ

NFL 2016 PART TWO — A Bad Lip Reading of the NFL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtIPmVN6zdc&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

NFL 2017 — A Bad Lip Reading of the NFL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w8n0L3uUCE&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

NFL 2018 — A Bad Lip Reading of the NFL (1986376).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tUCuMSPQwE&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

NFL 2018 — A Bad Lip Reading of the NFL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tUCuMSPQwE&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

NFL 2019 — A Bad Lip Reading of The NFL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvSWIOtp3hs&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

NFL 2020 — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2vS8dPMR2U&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

NFL 2021 — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxdaYxunZXg&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

NOBODY WANTS MY BREAD — A Bad Lip Reading of Fergie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zfcx1oSakyk&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

NOT THE FUTURE -- Extended Lyric Video (1146566).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9tgLnI0fFc&list=PLCn23bgKy8GvTRtB5QlLlaFo7kx6aKbb4

NOT THE FUTURE -- Extended Lyric Video (1240218).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9tgLnI0fFc&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

NOT THE FUTURE -- Extended Lyric Video (1516152).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9tgLnI0fFc&list=PLqITtzxxtItEPjDh5QcAvmkKXvsi-ira5

NOT THE FUTURE -- Extended Lyric Video (1670173).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9tgLnI0fFc&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

NOT THE FUTURE -- Extended Lyric Video (1805793).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9tgLnI0fFc&list=PLsYurJ48VApk-lfeY1p0-QYNdNiwEeWiM

NOT THE FUTURE -- Extended Lyric Video (1895868).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9tgLnI0fFc&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

NOT THE FUTURE -- Extended Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9tgLnI0fFc&list=PLK9xp6rMlaNog0VykWQUmgjQNDD7cM9J7

Not the Future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25HfLB2gNo4&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

OBSIDIOTS Live From District 11 -- A Bad Lip Reading of Catching Fire (1922610).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCMw3AhWBkA&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

OBSIDIOTS Live From District 11 -- A Bad Lip Reading of Catching Fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCMw3AhWBkA&list=PLqITtzxxtItEPjDh5QcAvmkKXvsi-ira5

Paul Ryan's Video Diary — A Bad Lip Reading of Paul Ryan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewP01X5x9Nw&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

Pet Rescue Commercial - Saturday Night Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDCm8fhl-50&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

PETER & GWEN — A Bad Lip Reading of The Amazing Spider-Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7jtpy0lfBU&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Pokémon Power  Songify This.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oits7sq4nX0&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

PRESIDENTIAL POETRY SLAM — A Bad Lip Reading of the Second Presidential Debate (1470248).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zC4YpPspnUc&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

PRESIDENTIAL POETRY SLAM — A Bad Lip Reading of the Second Presidential Debate (1982017).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zC4YpPspnUc&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

PRESIDENTIAL POETRY SLAM — A Bad Lip Reading of the Second Presidential Debate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zC4YpPspnUc&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

REDNECK AVENGERS TULSA NIGHTS — A Bad Lip Reading of Marvel's The Avengers (1149814).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOQnk-hRVuc&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

REDNECK AVENGERS TULSA NIGHTS — A Bad Lip Reading of Marvel's The Avengers (1405890).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOQnk-hRVuc&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

REDNECK AVENGERS TULSA NIGHTS — A Bad Lip Reading of Marvel's The Avengers (1477141).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOQnk-hRVuc&list=PLVfNG3tKgRakas8OsvY_O3Oq5-ZpiR-yQ

REDNECK AVENGERS TULSA NIGHTS — A Bad Lip Reading of Marvel's The Avengers (1860936).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOQnk-hRVuc&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

REDNECK AVENGERS TULSA NIGHTS — A Bad Lip Reading of Marvel's The Avengers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOQnk-hRVuc&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

RETURN OF THE JEDI A Bad Lip Reading (1327601).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ge4_stUpqs&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

RETURN OF THE JEDI A Bad Lip Reading (1344488).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ge4_stUpqs&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

RETURN OF THE JEDI A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ge4_stUpqs&list=PLU0PBd2r-f1h4wJoz1WW65marTerHf9U1

Rick Perry — A BLR Soundbite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhDhDRvHaGs&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

Rick Santorum — A BLR Soundbite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js3BYcHmBhE&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

Ron Paul — A BLR Soundbite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igQlbesF0zA&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

ROYAL WEDDING — A Bad Lip Reading (1924032).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKV6h_5XFbk&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

ROYAL WEDDING — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKV6h_5XFbk&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Russian Unicorn — a bad lip reading of Michael Bublé (1129533).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjaZNYSt7o0&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Russian Unicorn — a bad lip reading of Michael Bublé (1681773).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjaZNYSt7o0&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Russian Unicorn — a bad lip reading of Michael Bublé.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjaZNYSt7o0&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

SAMPLE OF MY PASTA — A Bad Lip Reading of BTS (1495637).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xg43lcItgKk&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

SAMPLE OF MY PASTA — A Bad Lip Reading of BTS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xg43lcItgKk&list=PLqITtzxxtItEPjDh5QcAvmkKXvsi-ira5

Sample of My Pasta.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7TLfRSl_ew&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

Sand A Star Wars Story     Songify the Movies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_60Jfwsylb8&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

Seagulls! (Stop It Now) (Karaoke Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaHpzTkZ6Hg&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

SEAGULLS! (Stop It Now) -- A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back (1054666).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E&list=PLqITtzxxtItEPjDh5QcAvmkKXvsi-ira5

SEAGULLS! (Stop It Now) -- A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back (1124289).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

SEAGULLS! (Stop It Now) -- A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back (1430175).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

SEAGULLS! (Stop It Now) -- A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back (1495041).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E&list=PLCn23bgKy8GvTRtB5QlLlaFo7kx6aKbb4

SEAGULLS! (Stop It Now) -- A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back (1816574).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

SEAGULLS! (Stop It Now) -- A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back (1837691).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E&list=PLsYurJ48VApk-lfeY1p0-QYNdNiwEeWiM

SEAGULLS! (Stop It Now) -- A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back (1871012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E&list=PLU0PBd2r-f1h4wJoz1WW65marTerHf9U1

SEAGULLS! (Stop It Now) -- A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back (1969700).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

SEAGULLS! (Stop It Now) -- A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E&list=PLK9xp6rMlaNog0VykWQUmgjQNDD7cM9J7

Seagulls! (Stop It Now).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Ab7llADRl4&list=PLkdVkQHsqvjbHhMBcDq5TcqmjvroO0Esl

SHADOW PICO trailer — A Bad Lip Reading of One Direction (1787334).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYNJwpHWsBg&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

SHADOW PICO trailer — A Bad Lip Reading of One Direction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYNJwpHWsBg&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

Sing-A-Long  Bad Lip Reading and Disney XD Present High School Musical  Disney XD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AsSsFcw_iw&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

SING-SONG CONTEST OF AMERICA — A Bad Lip Reading of American Idol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQ4RLmsjD_E&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

SNL MasterCard Your Dream Date Awaits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrfoWmitC4Y&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Songify GAME OF THRONES You Know Nothing, Jon Snow oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xUrzzRWmNY&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

SONGIFY STAR WARS, but everything goes wrong because Luke is obsessed with Tosche Station.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhkgohG9lTM&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

Songify The Room (You're Tearing Me Apart).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttKn1eGKTew&list=PLGq178K4ttM5arlaMzgHGp310U7eX1Ifm

SOY PABLO Extended Trailer  -- A Bad Lip Reading of Narcos, a Netflix Original Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eKdNcP4xrM&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

STAR WARS A Bad Lip Reading (1044331).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w8Z0UOXVaY&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

STAR WARS A Bad Lip Reading (1067951).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w8Z0UOXVaY&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

STAR WARS A Bad Lip Reading (1385182).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w8Z0UOXVaY&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

STAR WARS A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w8Z0UOXVaY&list=PLU0PBd2r-f1h4wJoz1WW65marTerHf9U1

STATE OF THE UNION 2020 — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOyHF_OUuNE&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

STATE OF THE UNION — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=066WAeG5muE&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

STRANGER THINGS A Bad Lip Reading (1514193).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-4rhjO6xYg&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

STRANGER THINGS A Bad Lip Reading (1973117).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-4rhjO6xYg&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

STRANGER THINGS A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-4rhjO6xYg&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

TED CRUZ — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v75wCTMZoSY&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK A Bad Lip Reading (1471837).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkiI2vM2lfA&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK A Bad Lip Reading (1509666).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkiI2vM2lfA&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkiI2vM2lfA&list=PLU0PBd2r-f1h4wJoz1WW65marTerHf9U1

THE FORCE AWAKENS A Bad Lip Reading (Featuring Mark Hamill as Han Solo) (1230874).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv_hGITmNuo&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

THE FORCE AWAKENS A Bad Lip Reading (Featuring Mark Hamill as Han Solo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv_hGITmNuo&list=PLU0PBd2r-f1h4wJoz1WW65marTerHf9U1

The Hunger Games — A Bad Lip Reading (1854852).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjGk_jU6t5A&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

The Hunger Games — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjGk_jU6t5A&list=PLVfNG3tKgRakas8OsvY_O3Oq5-ZpiR-yQ

THE NBA — A Bad Lip Reading (1408027).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08vIy0y1N9I&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

THE NBA — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08vIy0y1N9I&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

THE NFL  A Bad Lip Reading — A Bad Lip Reading of the NFL (1379475).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zce-QT7MGSE&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

THE NFL  A Bad Lip Reading — A Bad Lip Reading of the NFL (1948574).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zce-QT7MGSE&list=PLVfNG3tKgRakas8OsvY_O3Oq5-ZpiR-yQ

THE NFL  A Bad Lip Reading — A Bad Lip Reading of the NFL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zce-QT7MGSE&list=PLK9xp6rMlaNog0VykWQUmgjQNDD7cM9J7

The Undecided Voters - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAG37Kw1-aw&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

The Walking (And Talking) Dead — A Bad Lip Reading of The Walking Dead (1214939).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jR4lLJu_-wE&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

The Walking (And Talking) Dead — A Bad Lip Reading of The Walking Dead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jR4lLJu_-wE&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

Trick The Bridesmaid — a Bad Lip Reading of Barack Obama.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehYoIKTsiV0&list=PLF8544F4E454C4F1F

TRUMP ANTHEM — A Bad Lip Reading of Donald Trump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zo_mpwmashg&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

TRUMP IN ASIA — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NI0_mEMaTyE&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

TRUMP INTERVIEW — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oKYK1MPwhM&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

TRUMP-KIM SUMMIT — A Bad Lip Reading (1908706).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqW5ynwFxas&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

TRUMP-KIM SUMMIT — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqW5ynwFxas&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

TWILIGHT III — A Bad Lip Reading of The Twilight Saga ECLIPSE (1642704).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBU8T4hR-6U&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

TWILIGHT III — A Bad Lip Reading of The Twilight Saga ECLIPSE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBU8T4hR-6U&list=PLVfNG3tKgRakas8OsvY_O3Oq5-ZpiR-yQ

Voters For Trump Ad - SNL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qg0pO9VG1J8&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

WHITE HOUSE PRESS BRIEFING — A Bad Lip Reading (1971142).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EsUNOIYyKg&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

WHITE HOUSE PRESS BRIEFING — A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EsUNOIYyKg&list=PLg5F6NSkId2PgEagIbErlKU10csRttLIv

WRECK IT RALPH  Unnecessary Censorship  Try Not To Laugh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rl4Z8mb_8E&list=PLLEMH9IpXKONZYxQfkXsOcjpbS2xL3bDc

YETI — A Bad Lip Reading of Coldplay (1392231).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxQwtl_giK4&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

YETI — A Bad Lip Reading of Coldplay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxQwtl_giK4&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

[KARAOKE] Seagulls! (Stop It Now!) — A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJFW6UWyTF8&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v

“FIRST DEMOCRATIC DEBATE HIGHLIGHTS 2015” —- A Bad Lip Reading of the First Democratic Debate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_yxGsWHx9o&list=PLIF8Lna9iZd2ROs254HWLefRSjlTmeW_v
Bad Lip Reading