
5 Elements & 5 Senses  Day 17 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oq1zqJua7aM&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

A New Life  Day 12 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e636u9Put8g&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Are you Feeling Restless  Day 15 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxCpSbJ3JT4&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Beyond the Body  Day 5 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvAPYVrAUlY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Bouncing Awareness  Day 10 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0FWNwu8G5Y&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Colours of Consciousness  Day 20 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkwGeDkGEeA&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Effort to Effortlessness  Day 13 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7-ZHLxFn7s&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Manifesting Intentions  Day 21 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvnrcHcB-kE&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Meditation for Beginners  Day 1 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1vRphAv7C4&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Movement to Stillness  Day 9 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W569vogjtYY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Only You  Day 19 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slIPUMjtc28&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Pillar of Energy  Day 11 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXML5Vxf7ng&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Scenery to the Seer  Day 6 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhTiu-QjW80&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Sound to Silence  Day 7 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8yYnzcQoeo&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Technique to Improve Sleep Quality  Day 16 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pQqrNZhkKI&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

The Art of Deep Relaxation  Day 2 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rs_IsEeuKBg&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

The Fire Within  Day 8 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZdWUChxF-s&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

The Gift of Life  Day 4 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdMIP2YFWac&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

Timelessness  Day 18 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FebP7QkrRTs&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

What About Thoughts  Day 14  of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9BZldte8MQ&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M

What the Eyes Reveal  Day 3 of the 21 Day Meditation Challenge with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7YACbI-vco&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PF8YaQAGLhXN1KE-9Wg3i1M
21 Day Meditation Challenge With Gurudev