
3.  .ahk


5.  Alas Babylon.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/alas-babylon

8.  American Wasteland ft. Cryptic Wisdom.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/american-wasteland-ft-cryptic-wisdom

12.  Art Of War ft. Goldinchild, Loc saint.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/art-of-war-ft-goldinchild-loc-saint

17.  Brave New World ft. hystEric.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/brave-new-world-ft-hysteric

23.  Cremation Of Care (Intro).ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/cremation-of-care-intro

30.  DEAFCON ft Spirit Of Truth.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/deafcon-ft-spirit-of-truth-2

38.  Dear Destiny ft hystEric, Christian Gilet.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/dear-destiny-ft-hysteric-christian-gilet

47.  Deeper.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/deeper

57.  Energy Lift.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/energy-lift

68.  Final Warning (Initiation).ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/final-warning-initiation

80.  Gold Squares (Rose Crosses) ft. Coal Cash.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/gold-squares-rose-crosses-ft-coal-cash

93.  Hear No, See No, Speak No.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/hear-no-see-no-speak-no

107.  Heart Of Man.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/heart-of-man

122.  Intro.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/intro

138.  Magick In The Mist.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/magick-in-the-mist-2

155.  Medicine.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/medicine

173.  Mighty Men (Hybrids) ft. Enfluentz.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/mighty-men-hybrids-ft-enfluentz

192.  Mind War.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/mind-war-2

212.  No Mans Land ft. Katrina Vega.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/no-mans-land-ft-katrina-vega

233.  Pledge Of Allegiance ft. Anthony Valor.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/pledge-of-allegiance-ft-anthony-valor

255.  Prophetic Warnings ft Enfluentz.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/prophetic-warnings-ft-enfluentz

278.  Recognize ft. Martyr-X.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/recognize-ft-martyr-x

302.  Shattered Illusionz.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/shattered-illusionz

327.  This Is A Message (Intro).ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/this-is-a-message-intro

353.  Walk Of Enoch (Narrow Path).ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/walk-of-enoch-narrow-path

380.  WayMaker ft. Loc Saint.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/waymaker-ft-loc-saint

408.  What Is High.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/what-is-high

437.  World Through A Pinhole.ahk
https://colttruth.bandcamp.com/track/world-through-a-pinhole
All Bandcamp Songs