
1.  Chicago - (Because) It's Christmastime (Chicago Christmas At Home).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uP3isTsm0UU&pp=sAQA

2.  Chicago - 25 or 6 to 4 (GoArmy Remix) (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGCs4CS6ENA&pp=sAQA

3.  Chicago - 25 or 6 to 4 (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8A3HZvGN0qs&pp=sAQA

4.  Chicago - All Is Right (Chicago Christmas At Home).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IhQdWiwjDg&pp=sAQA

5.  Chicago - All Is Right (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEOtgKqHz0k&pp=sAQA

6.  Chicago - All Over The World (Chicago Christmas At Home).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkV074kZ97U&pp=sAQA

7.  Chicago - All Over The World (Making Of).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glTTNVhFl1I&pp=sAQA

8.  Chicago - All Over The World (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ky9Q5Qmkkw&pp=sAQA

9.  Chicago - Beginnings (Live 2017).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uk8UzO0OmY0&pp=sAQA

10.  Chicago - Call On Me (Live 2017).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnXTl60Kqkg&pp=sAQA

11.  Chicago - Chasin' The Wind (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rF9sCEBI9q8&pp=sAQA

12.  Chicago - Chicago Christmas (Full Album).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkYOjUNjIcg&pp=sAQA

13.  Chicago - Chicago Christmas (Making Of).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4QQRuH3fwM&pp=sAQA

14.  Chicago - Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FzCWLOHUes&pp=sAQA

15.  Chicago - Hard To Say I'm SorryGet Away (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EORSLz0_BRU&pp=sAQA

16.  Chicago - Here We Come A Caroling (Making Of).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnhR8VVZMhI&pp=sAQA

17.  Chicago - Here We Come A Caroling (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Ahf5E5b9_8&pp=sAQA

18.  Chicago - I Don't Wanna Live Without Your Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGU_-fnSQI8&pp=sAQA

19.  Chicago - If You Leave Me Now (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9_d-sFhmRM&pp=sAQA

20.  Chicago - Look Away (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uKLTtVqQpE&pp=sAQA

21.  Chicago - Saturday in the Park (Live 2017).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdNq1s5A6EA&pp=sAQA

22.  Chicago - Saturday in the Park (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjylD7esXDo&pp=sAQA

23.  Chicago - Sleigh Ride 2019 (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghAqICDG758&pp=sAQA

24.  Chicago - Someday (August 29, 1968) [Live at Carnegie Hall] (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Xb8qJaWwLY&pp=sAQA

25.  Chicago - Stay The Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LTWwkBNilI&pp=sAQA

26.  Chicago - Will You Still Love Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_l-st8Q1S0&pp=sAQA

27.  Chicago - You're Not Alone (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pi3COH_SvDk&pp=sAQA

28.  Chicago - You're the Inspiration (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MA7OioRqgHw&pp=sAQA

29.  Chicago - You're the Inspiration (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRfy1yorkec&pp=sAQA

30.  Chicago at Carnegie Hall Complete (Official Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEt2Q6JVXb0&pp=sAQA

31.  Everything is Gonna' Work Out Fine (Duet Version) (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yw5-cYzZn6U&pp=sAQA

32.  Everything is Gonna' Work Out Fine (Neil Donell Version) (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1MyMq1CDII&pp=sAQA
Chicago Band