
#0 JavaScript Tutorial  Introduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDwSnnhl1Ng

#0 JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners  Introduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlbupGCBV6w

#1 Getting Started  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POPLF-Qc0OU

#1 JavaScript Tutorial  Why you should Learn JavaScript Today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxWO8Sd8PoY

#10 JavaScript Tutorial  Switch case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWQUBfWaxBw

#10 Relational operators in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gG0ynX_Sfx4

#11 JavaScript Tutorial  For Loop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIA0J4vJBHQ

#11 Logical Operators in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuRJ1aCj8Ro

#12 Conditional Statements If Else in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_iO9WuoWaM

#12 JavaScript Tutorial  While loop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osOEz3SwyVk

#13 JavaScript Tutorial  Do While loop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGG56ae5_GM

#13 Ternary Operator in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBCOx4CqBz0

#14 JavaScript Tutorial  Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eL0RGZ0GddE

#14 Switch Statement in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJPsOFfvEQA

#15 JavaScript Tutorial  Scope of Variables  Global vs Local
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAWAnn9y8yw

#15 Template Literal in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4Kh5gw4PRE

#16 JavaScript Tutorial  Introduction to Array
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrT8-9I4WnE

#16 While loop in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h84MlHv6g4Q

#17 For Loop in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcwTB9fBzP0

#17 JavaScript Tutorial  Introduction to Objects p.1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0IdE51JE80

#18 JavaScript Tutorial  Objects p.2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U08iJitN2ao

#18 While vs For Loop  Which to use and When
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBHOo-6xn4A

#19 Objects in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1dWe3f2zm0

#19 Starting with DOM Manipulations in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmPgo2lyoLY

#2 JavaScript Tutorial  What is Dom  Document Object Model
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GxpmQ54aqg

#2 NodeJS, VS Code Installation  JavaScript Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxZKLKfjaRg

#20 Complex Object, Delete Property in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weEDSjNYzv4

#20 Taking Input from user in JavaScript  TextBox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lThuZY0-S_8

#21 For in loop in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PVcUUj_ke4

#21 Taking Input from Radiobuttons in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3Oc4IUP0XI

#22 Functions in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwOW-qlJtxg

#22 Taking Input from SelectBox in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CYqRMl3iL8

#23 Function return and passing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCU7vicLCgA

#23 getElementByTagName method in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlD-tpyVs10

#24 Function Expression in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ly8tCGFWA

#24 getElementByClassName method in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pqLp51w7dw

#25 Change Image onmouseover and onmouseout events in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiiXLmqhndU

#25 Local-Global Variable  Default Value in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnAU1dLY7gY

#26 Arrow function in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJOJPealurs

#26 Form Validations in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAUxi3f9HB0

#27 Form Validations in JavaScript part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUdjmZ2-fEU

#27 What are Methods in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r72b1ScPLY

#28 Regular Expressions in JavaScript Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeIRHETbcLs

#28 What is this  JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE93zNJBCBw

#29 Regular Expressions in JavaScript  Character Sets and Ranges
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBFTQuLgnfg

#29 Why it is called THIS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiqqAAvb16Q

#3 JavaScript Tutorial   First Hello World Program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5xesmmiREU

#3 Variables in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOkU5HxES1o

#30 Mobile Number Validation in JavaScript using Regular Expression
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0Lzrytqt0U

#31 Email Validation in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPVx-zGFh0w

#32 Debugging in JavaScript using Chrome Dev tools  Console Log Method
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmVEddplwbo

#33 Timing Functions in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OVaxR6yKSI

#34 Fade In Fade Out animations in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5g-hpYSppk

#35 Zoom In Zoom Out effect in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Op6xdhXVHI

#36 Introduction to jQuery library  Setting jQuery in Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i32p6HvYC1A

#37 JQuery Selectors Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0oMC7n4HOY

#38 JQuery Selectors Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkTnujtikq4

#39 Events in JQuery Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lC87M6jumA

#4 Constants in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wsy7nhFnfbM

#4 JavaScript Tutorials  Statements and comments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWX2eoi3bOc

#40 Events in JQuery Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaQNtfb2TX4

#41 Effects in JQuery Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obrU4sevMu0

#42 JQuery Animate Effect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFj4VWlpEQk

#43 Callback and Chaining in JQuery Effects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3b_JvFep_E

#44  JQuery DOM Manipulations Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFnlvhG0OgY

#45 JQuery DOM Manipulations Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ux2pQE49FCQ

#46 JQuery DOM Manipulations Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suv1OnOtfY4

#47 JQuery DOM Manipulations Part 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BV1veI8LGj0

#48 JQuery UI Including JQuery UI in Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ioxuzw7VI0I

#5 Data Types in JavaScript - 1  JavaScript Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCwQY8inRvU

#5 JavaScript Tutorial  VS code Theme & Live Server Plugin Setup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85kQIRkTdRQ

#6 Data Types in JavaScript - 2  JavaScript Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GXpB9EMLWM

#6 JavaScript Tutorial  Variables & Data Types
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hrd3SfCCXZw

#7 History of JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MsfBokJiSs

#7 JavaScript Tutorial  Operators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULNJSTSJc7s

#8 JavaScript Tutorial  Control Statements  Theory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-JoZ_UxwB8

#8 Type Conversion & Coercion in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFiVtqe1osM

#9 Arithmetic Operators in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otYwi_wW9Hk

#9 JavaScript Tutorial  If Else Control Statements
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QbgVJR0_to

Accordion Widget Control in JQuery UI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lg4V7sQ27X0

Array methods in JavaScripts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yv1h-QKt_KQ

Autocomplete Widget in JQuery UI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7QsXzUXXOA

Constructor function in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tV7ZqcB9J3Y

Creating Array and Fetching Elements in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TScHu-37Cqw

Date Picker Widget Control in JQuery UI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7FugJvHrmw

Different types of data in Array
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eADCg1R5_sk

Draggable Interaction in JQuery UI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LynjytfeY4U

For of Loop with an Array in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c69Y2GpF6-U

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 1  What is JavaScript 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bebNAsxuf8

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 10  Logical Operators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPGSABTupKg

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 11  Type Operators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2Wjboyvwnk

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 12   Bitwise Operators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UexYxYFOkYY

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 13  If Else If statements
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jj0YdPkmNus

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 14  Switch Case statement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gB4Y7VLNfFk

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 15  For Loops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tusK5sJl6BM

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 16  While and do while loops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjsGFBcrsTk

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 17  Arrays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PoLAFJuwHQ

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 18  Array Methods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARJid8eJyGU

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 19  Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UogmKKdidO4

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 2  This is How JavaScript was created
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5_OV8BjypE

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 20  OOP  Classes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2OjHCUIHNc

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 21  OOP  Encapsulation with example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYa_NiOUTQo

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 22  OOP  Inheritance with example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2c-cK4qxo2A

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 23  Prototype
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hY7YQxh4qyg

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 24  OOP  Polymorphism with example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxMUJ9-Pb2E

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 25  OOP  Abstraction with example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jM0WcyQWMSM

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 3  How JavaScript Works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oFK808fYPE

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 4  Editors and IDE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avOS0IsVPFo

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 5  Hello World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWed051U6ao

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 6  Comments and Variables
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STyV3XGTQN0

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 7  Operators - Arithmetic Operators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPvM8vplh-8

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 8  Assignment Operators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zSWTR4q6zw

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 9  Comparison Operators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwOTbF1kEcU

JavaScript Tutorial - The next step
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GlwwViOjo8

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 01 - Introduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpZLS6R91rQ

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 02 - Statements
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkw8QXIcmU4

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 03 - Variables
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhKWfiNCoSY

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 04 - Variables Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UR71iavwMkE

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 05 - Using an external file
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r--dRuIiV7A

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 06 - Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk6X_iFUGwU

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 07 - Functions Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYClv_fqiBU

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 08 - Operators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWdTfi-68Bo

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 09 - Conditionals Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNtYWDpdQ1w

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 10 - Conditionals Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znYh4QRkQ-M

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 11 - Loops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8fjcoCHNAg

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 12 - Loops Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDzWA8yPnIY

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 13 - Function and if statement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQxgdzr3vIw

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 14 - Return statement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdGmpTcNZXQ

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 15 - Global and local variables
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbwH8uwP7r8

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 16 - Pass by value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dnO292L_p4

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 17 - Arrays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6tEmBPOARQ

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 18 - Objects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSCz0ZopvIs

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 19 - Objects Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7Ze-_Wqs3Y

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 20 - Objects Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRbIOUKsHpY

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 21 - Objects Part 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mO3Qx6kIx0

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 22 - String Object
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUmBsIzg94g

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 23 - Math Object
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9z9lcPhZpiY

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 24 - Date Object
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOoJTeJ8KXU

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 25 - Document Object Model
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWUT97Ne7V4

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 26 - getElementById method
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4-6JOQX9v4

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 27 - getElementsByTagName method
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwMgOMfelC8

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 28 - getElementsByTagName Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzBmQbcr1ls

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 29 - getElementsByClassName
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChLd2yFp-lA

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 30 - Replace content using innerHTML
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlaYyZ6vW48

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 31 - Reading content using innerHTML
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWdVc-KWXJ4

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 32 - Changing an image
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFyHJF94Eng

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 33 - Intro to events
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VYuk9uqu04

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 34 - The mouseover event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka033dkRJi0

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 35 - Change image with mouseover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0o4HQ_TYP9A

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 36 - Creating a new element
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OOj_d3Zdig

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 37 - Creating a new element Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvWnkj8nh8Y

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 38 - Remove element
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VV2npCATMGM

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 39 - Create attribute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbcB8CroByk

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 40 - Traversing the DOM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_89UCU8PQU

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 41 - Traversing the DOM Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNXW5czcob8

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 42 - Traversing the DOM Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPC3d-zb8Yk

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 43 - Form Validation Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bl59zGI1gCA

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 44 - Form Validation Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZj2unIbWCM

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 45 - Form Validation Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpMnYWQSxJE

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 46 - Form Validation Part 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gM8I7NywAcg

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 47 - Form Validation Part 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSQ1iwioapc

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 48 - Placement of script tag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-LOCQDNX_0

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 49 - Follow up session
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Qfk-nBSQUQ

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 50 - Confirmation box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUe3pvKib44

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 51 - More on Objects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaRzNWzILD0

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 52 - Windows object
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGd7YtiGZYE

Message Box Widget in JQuery UI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyQ8YMyEMao

Resizable Interaction in JQuery UI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAixvKyTVik

Sortable Interaction in JQuery UI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2n-ScrqH2tg

Support Telusko
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bwd9hr5Fz5E

Theming Theme Roller Customizations in JQuery UI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xVs_BqC9-w

Tooltip Widget Control in JQuery UI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CkuF-BRlr4

Visual Studio Code  How to use git and github
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fk12ELJ9Bww

Visual Studio Code Beginner Tutorial  Learn VS Code in 7 steps  Windows and Mac OS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7eoHDrw-aU

Widget Modifications in JQuery UI using Getter and Setter Methods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plW-fvEi3zs
JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners