
Jen's Slow Cooker Chicken Chili Recipe (Mexican Inspired)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOCyeObHlb8

Quick Recipe  Jen's Vegan Lentil Soup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhNypVl0Jto

Slow Cooker Chicken and Sausage Gumbo Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfVqzx8o7po

Slow Cooker Sunday Bacon and Potato Soup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6ePfWs_uIg

Slow Cooker Sunday Beef and Broccoli
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSUn_yjFMkM

Slow Cooker Sunday Chicken Cacciatore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uRW5WAncBA

Slow Cooker Sunday Chicken Stew with Cornmeal Dumplings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lT0SkAmxP0

Slow Cooker Sunday Chicken Tortilla Soup with Homemade Tortilla Strips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxNZgExxOzM

Slow Cooker Sunday Creole Chicken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGZuXuFviVE

Slow Cooker Sunday Easy Bacon Ranch Chicken Tacos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VX_JFIhdC_8

Slow Cooker Sunday Easy Rice Meatballs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgDOcDyrzQc

Slow Cooker Sunday Honey Sesame Chicken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrwbAsdj3CU

Slow Cooker Sunday Hungarian Beef Goulash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7_1oFvfvvs

Slow Cooker Sunday Jen's Beef Stew and Gluten Free Dumplings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq7mMgG7GfI

Slow Cooker Sunday Jen's Chicken and Pasta Soup Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-EA-AU2TwM

Slow Cooker Sunday Mexican Lasagna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWbEcqdc4Pc

Slow Cooker Sunday Parmesan Honey Pork Roast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLTi9-3LF-c

Slow Cooker Sunday Pepper Steak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bdg52zyNRsY

Slow Cooker Sunday Pesto Ranch Chicken Thighs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaKjI5sKIog

Slow Cooker Sunday Santa Fe Chicken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMznLLGlvxo

Slow Cooker Sunday Shredded Pork Tacos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EfJ4LtNSQw

Slow Cooker Sunday Taco Chili
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F449QC8w5tY

Slow Cooker Sunday Thai Chicken Thighs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajshyy0OznE

Slow Cooker Sunday Thai Pork with Peanut Sauce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTKISe_xGnI

Slow Cooker Sunday Zesty Barbecued Chicken Sandwiches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF3fe5_XRmQ
Slow Cooker Recipes  Crock Pot Recipes