
1.  12 Things You Got WRONG About PET RATS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gie9n0pPfhw

2.  20 Fun Facts About Pet Rats  (20k Subscriber Special).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEa7ORz4r9E

3.  4 Reasons Not to Give Pet Rats as Christmas Gifts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StQ0W8NpFOM

4.  5 Halloween Themed Rat Hammocks!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vvjh4vIiUXM

5.  6 DIY Halloween Themed Rat Toys!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qr9Y1ULwW8g

6.  6 Rat Water Bottle Hacks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KD0TqJti0U4

7.  7 Easy Hanging Kabob Toys for Rats!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LoH4Zxxy64

8.  7 Popular Rat Products You Didn't Know Were Dangerous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJZOKentWPY

9.  8 Tips for Reducing Rat Cage Odor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBjszgPqbgI

10.  Akatosh  Meet My Rats #9 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3o7P6DCjXIk

11.  All Things HAIRLESS Rats (Nakie info & care).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mf2DBTDzT3Q

12.  Aubrey  Meet My Rats #17 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Rq5d2TPHlk

13.  Basic Rat Care  Rattiepedia Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9IKJkXGrzs

14.  Boys Vs. Girls  Rattiepedia Episode 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kIlWn26_Bs

15.  Brayleigh  Meet My Rats #16 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MefSvR9W0ZQ

16.  Bringing Home Your Rats  Rattiepedia Episode 15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Dc5XPLxzDk

17.  Brody  Meet My Rats #11 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PV223aQQE-Q

18.  Can Rats Be Vegan  Rat Chat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sl_jz6esdf8

19.  Can You Stop Rats From Chewing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUn9O1AhWWw

20.  Cedric  Meet My Rats #1 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkMpKUqbSgA

21.  Cedric & Brody's Cage Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1e3XXhgMU0

22.  Cedric's Birthday Party!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--wK-W705xs

23.  Cierra  Meet My Rats #18 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTsZarR5VY4

24.  Common Pet Rat Illnesses  Rattiepedia Episode 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_P1_cQjIp_s

25.  Coraline  Meet My Rats #6 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2g32947Qi8

26.  Did Rats Really Cause the Plague.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yj69mYy7oY8

27.  Dollar Store Rat Cage Tour - Boys  February 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck3w1ABEn-0

28.  Dollar Store Rat Cage Tour - Boys  June 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNEz4HGQ2pQ

29.  Dollar Store Rat Cage Tour - Girls  February 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ktgx9C1XfDs

30.  Dollar Store Rat Cage Tour - Girls  June 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FhPdSDK6Fk

31.  Easy DIY Foldable Playpen for Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZs249AgPOI

32.  EXCELLENT Cages for Pet Rats  All About Rat Cages Episode 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_ngEChDtnc

33.  Ezra  Meet My Rats #4 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VeaTWoqe_o

34.  Fancy, Dumbo, & Feeder Rats! What Are They  Rat Chat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaFo3OMvERo

35.  Fyrus  Meet My Rats #12 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqHG4glmFjs

36.  Gerbil Bin Cage Tour - Feb 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfCC7q4HV2I

37.  Giant Rats Captured in NYC  Rat Chat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCu6J0HnbBU

38.  Ginger  Meet My Rats #10 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDGLh0J1u8Q

39.  Goodbye Midna.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eePA9dyT2bc

40.  Guru Gear Rat Harness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8wIk5Jutyw

41.  Hairless Group  Meet My Rats [Special Edition].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqeL0iwia1I

42.  Halloween Rat Cage Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTZ1hmc1tXY

43.  Havoc  Meet My Rats #21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h1_mpqSygQ

44.  Healthy Diet for Pet Rats  Rattiepedia Episode 12.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sR01pPHbBTQ

45.  How I Clean My Rat Cage  Rattiepedia Episode 18.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ggQrzseqPs

46.  How to Care For Baby Rats & Momma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4YkoOh7scA

47.  How to Choose Bedding for Rats  Rattiepedia Episode 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8B_FDPUd5E

48.  How to Deal With an Aggressive Rat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4k6NWV0GXU

49.  How to Escape-Proof a Rat Cage With Wide Bars  Hardware Cloth 101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOWWJ9o2pqw

50.  How to Find Your Rats  Rattiepedia Episode 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gwj8P_L9fo

51.  How to Introduce Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4RJiqKIPVw

52.  How to Keep Rats Cool in Summer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bI6vljzZ87g

53.  How to Keep Rats Warm in Winter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-UntB1HtV0

54.  How to Make Homemade Rat Food  Rattiepedia Episode 13.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHcmovh29b4

55.  How to Pick a Rat Cage  Rattiepedia Episode 8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0B64jlJtSY

56.  How to Set Up a Rat Cage (Like a Pro!!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_jPgVCTv4Q

57.  How To Socialize Skittish Rats (ft. Phirun).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DreJqKSVMQ4

58.  How To Trim a Cement Mixing Bin to Fit in a Critter Nation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pn0TQU_Acgw

59.  I made a facebook!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nk8W7Qty-c

60.  I MOVED!!! Personal life update 040417.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euDkKeeKfFA

61.  Jerkface Rat Makes a Mess.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8H-O7C57UCk

62.  Keeping Fleece Clean, Large Cages, Having Lots of Rats  Q&A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qTtYiwwzBI

63.  Komali  Meet My Rats #13.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6Q4qxzs_DE

64.  LIVE Q&A W The Rat Guru (8-21-2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kY_7khgM70

65.  Live Q&A with The Rat Guru.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FnAr3yvuIg

66.  Lucian  Meet My Rats #3 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KJPAoIBKjk

67.  Magenta  Meet My Rats #23.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HN5dFfbzULw

68.  Meet My Rats!  Trailer  Intro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cR6LOdmL34s

69.  Merry Mouse's Cage Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apW87JKxtXM

70.  Milo  Meet My Rats #14 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMG9-fBgka0

71.  Mouse & African Soft Fur Rat  Bin Cage Tour - Feb 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9e9ccLuNOQ

72.  Moving With 20+ Rodents!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGfBU7qbvNE

73.  My Channel May Be In Danger!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCW_ID45lD4

74.  My First Adoption Event! Spring Ohio Rodent Roundup  Vlog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ftqGDj8bKs

75.  My Girls Explore Their Giant New Cage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaGSoo9zipk

76.  MY YOUTUBE BIRTHDAY  Updates & Changes!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M_iCKvEQAs

77.  Nya  Meet My Rats #5 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_R00te8BWU

78.  oops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUze4wvAwzw

79.  Penny  Meet My Rats #7 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MfT64M-UJo

80.  Pet Rat Body Language.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddnlyBunZy0

81.  Pet Rat Shopping List  Rattiepedia Episode 14.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9agyl9YBVeg

82.  Pet Rats How to Convince Your Parents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4B9QGwJSc0

83.  Playtime For Rats  Rattiepedia Episode 16.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y99xFrofjE4

84.  Poseidon  Meet My Rats #22.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olgn8lB0MIk

85.  Quadruple Critter Nation Rat Cage Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbKfyO7m-yY

86.  Rat Cage Accessories  Rattiepedia Episode 11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zxst0S3fzs

87.  Rat Cage Smell, Chewing, Marking Territory  Ask The Rat Guru #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWcz1F8nMP0

88.  Rat Safe Pumpkins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYcEaPfJz-Q

89.  Rat Shop Contest WINNER Annoucement!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgr_tLfrtFc

90.  RAT SNIFF TEST! Do Males Smell Worse Than Females  Live Q&A Highlight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mB9jOw3jOdo

91.  Rat Wheels  Rattiepedia Episode 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYWfcsYA8p0

92.  Rattiepedia  The Ultimate Guide to Pet Rats! - Origin of Pet Rats  Rattiepedia Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=se2xvH8v5J0

93.  Rattiepedia Intro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTq0kbvzFCY

94.  Rocky  Meet My Rats #15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4UIqb0RMNM

95.  Say Hello to Merry Mouse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2HLhYQM0VQ

96.  Seth  Meet My Rats #2 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYvMcdTuhow

97.  Should You Get a Pet Rat  Rattiepedia Episode 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dP_2wIHQ78

98.  Small Pet Exercise Balls  Rattiepedia Episode 17.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8r2FfTMyuYw

99.  Spike  Meet My Rats #8 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWVtkzW1bQk

100.  Spooky Hamster Cage Tour  November 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y37unDua4vs

101.  Suitable Types of Rat Cages  All About Rat Cages Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxJbdMybaJo

102.  Surprise Live Q&A with the Refined Rat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNSDUVuJyos

103.  Thank You From Jade!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-or_-W74iYM

104.  The Pine Predicament - Is Pine Bedding Safe For Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=naxIGXNdVj8

105.  The Rat Guru - Channel Trailer - 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YS6imqhbdro

106.  The Rat Guru Channel Trailer 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NksXRRTGjsI

107.  TRG 3rd Anniversary Live Q&A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g37kkDpn2uY

108.  Two Rats Are Better Than One  Rattiepedia Episode 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jm_YD3M4mHI

109.  Unboxing My New Video Equipment  Funded By Patrons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9DfWk0-jo4

110.  Unsuitable Types of Rat Cages  All About Rat Cages Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdljzdB_z8A

111.  Updated Hamster Bin Cage Tour - Feb 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0be65eSA1o

112.  Updates and New Projects (Website, Book, & more!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOpsYWtyXh8

113.  Valoros  Meet My Rats #20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbUyCSFwymw

114.  Welcome to My Channel! (2018 Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1bkx3nSHK8

115.  What made The Rat Guru  Quick Live Upload.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABOxsMXeO-U

116.  What's Going On With My Channel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lD5DxG62iJ4

117.  What's the Difference Between Rats and Mice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5dMqC4-ht8

118.  Why Rats Bite  Ft. The Rat Sheik.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZE6bMckwuE

119.  Why Small Rat Cages Don't Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aB8MfctrQI

120.  Yvonne  Meet My Rats #19 (Rainbow Bridge).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EI8RbZhmPQ
The Rat Guru - Videos