
1.  7 – TOC  HINDI  TOFL  AUTOMATA  THEORY OF COMPUTATION  TUTORIALS  LECTURES  GATE  NET  PSU  COMPUTER SCIENCE  KNOWLEDGE GATE
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/7_–_TOC__HINDI__TOFL__AUTOMATA__THEORY_OF_COMPUTATION__TUTORIALS__LECTURES__GATE__NET__PSU__COMPUTER_SCIENCE__KNOWLEDGE_GATE/7_–_TOC__HINDI__TOFL__AUTOMATA__THEORY_OF_COMPUTATION__TUTORIALS__LECTURES__GATE__NET__PSU__COMPUTER_SCIENCE__KNOWLEDGE_GATE.txt

2.  Core Java With OCJPSCJP-Regular Expressions
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Core_Java_With_OCJPSCJP-Regular_Expressions/Core_Java_With_OCJPSCJP-Regular_Expressions.txt

3.  GPT 3
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/GPT_3/GPT_3.txt

4.  Java Regular Expression in Tamil - Regex in Tamil - Regular Expression Full Tutorial in Tamil - Payilagam - Muthuramalingam
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Java_Regular_Expression_in_Tamil_-_Regex_in_Tamil_-_Regular_Expression_Full_Tutorial_in_Tamil_-_Payilagam_-_Muthuramalingam/Java_Regular_Expression_in_Tamil_-_Regex_in_Tamil_-_Regular_Expression_Full_Tutorial_in_Tamil_-_Payilagam_-_Muthuramalingam.txt

5.  metadata tutorials
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/metadata_tutorials/metadata_tutorials.txt

6.  PHP Regex Regular Expressions Tutorial
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/PHP_Regex_Regular_Expressions_Tutorial/PHP_Regex_Regular_Expressions_Tutorial.txt

7.  regex
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/regex/regex.txt

8.  RegEx in Python
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/RegEx_in_Python/RegEx_in_Python.txt

9.  Regex Tutorial
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Regex_Tutorial/Regex_Tutorial.txt

10.  Regex Tutorials
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Regex_Tutorials/Regex_Tutorials.txt

11.  Regex tutorials 2
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Regex_tutorials_2/Regex_tutorials_2.txt

12.  REGEX Tutorials by Derek
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/REGEX_Tutorials_by_Derek/REGEX_Tutorials_by_Derek.txt

13.  Regex Tutorials Playlist - Regular Expressions
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Regex_Tutorials_Playlist_-_Regular_Expressions/Regex_Tutorials_Playlist_-_Regular_Expressions.txt

14.  Regular Expression (Regex) Tutorials for beginners
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Regular_Expression_(Regex)_Tutorials_for_beginners/Regular_Expression_(Regex)_Tutorials_for_beginners.txt

15.  Regular Expression - Tutorials
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Regular_Expression_-_Tutorials/Regular_Expression_-_Tutorials.txt

16.  Regular Expression Tutorials
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Regular_Expression_Tutorials/Regular_Expression_Tutorials.txt

17.  Regular Expressions (RegEx)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Regular_Expressions_(RegEx)/Regular_Expressions_(RegEx).txt

18.  Regular Expressions (RegEx) Tutorial
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Regular_Expressions_(RegEx)_Tutorial/Regular_Expressions_(RegEx)_Tutorial.txt

19.  Regular Expressions Tutorials
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Regular_Expressions_Tutorials/Regular_Expressions_Tutorials.txt

20.  Session 2 Regular Expressions - Programming with Text
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Session_2_Regular_Expressions_-_Programming_with_Text/Session_2_Regular_Expressions_-_Programming_with_Text.txt

21.  Simple Regular Expressions Introduction, Learn Regular Expressions 2021, Regex Tutorial
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Simple_Regular_Expressions_Introduction,_Learn_Regular_Expressions_2021,_Regex_Tutorial/Simple_Regular_Expressions_Introduction,_Learn_Regular_Expressions_2021,_Regex_Tutorial.txt

22.  Theory of Computation & Automata Theory
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Theory_of_Computation_&_Automata_Theory/Theory_of_Computation_&_Automata_Theory.txt

23.  Theory of Computation ( TOC )
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/Theory_of_Computation_(_TOC_)/Theory_of_Computation_(_TOC_).txt

24.  UBot Studio Regular Expression Tutorials
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Programming/Regex_Tutorials/UBot_Studio_Regular_Expression_Tutorials/UBot_Studio_Regular_Expression_Tutorials.txt
Regex Tutorials