
1.  All I Have To Do Is Dream - Everly Brothers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbU3zdAgiX8&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

2.  Bill Haley & His Comets - Rock Around The Clock (1955) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgdufzXvjqw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

3.  Bobby Darin - Beyond the sea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8OlDPqYBLw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

4.  Bobby Darin - Dream Lover (Lyrics On-Screen and in Description).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_urVDCrf5A&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

5.  Buddy Holly - Everyday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMezwtB1oCU&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

6.  Chordettes - Lollipop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rYoRaxgOE0&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

7.  Chubby Checker-The Twist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHGXwQeUk7M&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

8.  Dave Brubeck - Take Five ( Original Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHdU5sHigYQ&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

9.  Dean Martin - Mambo Italiano.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAQQ1Vlk1nE&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

10.  Dean Martin - That's Amore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnFlx2Lnr9Q&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

11.  Dion & The Belmonts I Wonder Why 1958.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAPEfdjvTqE&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

12.  Doris Day - Que Sera Sera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZbKHDPPrrc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

13.  Elvis Presley - Blue Suede Shoes 1956 (COLOR and STEREO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bm5HKlQ6nGM&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

14.  Elvis Presley - Don't Be Cruel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fM4svoKvotw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

15.  Elvis Presley - Heartbreak Hotel (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9BLw4W5KU8&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

16.  Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock (Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj0Rz-uP4Mk&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

17.  Elvis Presley All Shook Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rQEbQJx5Bo&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

18.  Elvis Presley Love Me Tender (1956) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lD711_Xh8s&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

19.  elvis presley-hound dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzQ8GDBA8Is&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

20.  Fats Domino - Blueberry Hill (From Legends of Rock 'n' Roll).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mix3gmzPa0&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

21.  Fever - Peggy Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGb5IweiYG8&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

22.  Harry Belafonte - Banana Boat Song (Day-O).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Tou8-Cz8is&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

23.  I've Got You Under My Skin - Frank Sinatra  Concert Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqH7VwpSwBo&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

24.  In the Still of the Night - Fred Parris and The Satins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBT3oDMCWpI&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

25.  Jackie Wilson - Lonely teardrops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nEfuE8Pw4U&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

26.  jerry lee lewis great balls of fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZD8YPY8RBQc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

27.  Little Anthony Tears on My Pillow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxjQ3M_v7xc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

28.  Little Richard - Long Tall Sally - from Don't Knock The Rock - HQ 1956.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqxNSvFMkag&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

29.  Little Richard - Tutti Frutti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F13JNjpNW6c&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

30.  Miles Davis - So What (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqNTltOGh5c&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

31.  Mr. Sandman - The Chordettes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX45pYvxDiA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

32.  Nat King Cole sings When I Fall in Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfAb0gNPy6s&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

33.  Neil Sedaka Oh Carol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e72tG80LmsU&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

34.  Patsy Cline-Walkin' After Midnight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsRNCvHXHHU&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

35.  PAUL ANKA -  DIANA HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar-zZ21iW9w&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

36.  Paul Anka - Put Your Head On My Shoulder (1959) HQ Audio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvxagNIBVLU&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

37.  Percy Faith - Theme From A Summer Place.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSsiS-v6_6M&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

38.  Ray Charles - I got a woman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnI_LuCJ4Ek&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

39.  Ritchie Valens - La Bamba.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSKJQ18ZoIA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

40.  Ritchie Valens - OH Donna HD Video - Subtitulada (English Lyrics) Captions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IC9zULGSMyA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

41.  Rockin' Robin (Original).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcmvwFcfWmY&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

42.  The Chords - Sh-Boom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBgQezOF8kY&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

43.  The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

44.  The Penguins - Earth Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

45.  The Platters - Only You (And You Alone) (Original Footage HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FygIKsnkCw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

46.  The Platters - The Great Pretender (Original Footage HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEzfhclKO8Q&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

47.  Thurston Harris - Little Bitty Pretty One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8j4mn4eF-c&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

48.  Try Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeQTWKwiRCc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

49.  Volare - Domenico Modugno - Nel blu dipinto di blu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4IjJav7xbg&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz
1950s Music Hits Playlist - Greatest Songs of the 50s (Fifties Oldies but Goodies ?)