
1.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 1 - Introduction to JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQaAGmHNn9s

2.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 10 - Calling a Function From Another Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95mIis5M-gU

3.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 11 - Global & Local Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waF2Isf-phQ

4.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 12 - Math Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZH5qZB0UucQ

5.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 13 - Assignment Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfBr32W-hRA

6.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 14 - if Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gjr15aWp24

7.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 15 - ifelse Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKyrQYkihGw

8.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 16 - Nesting and Fridays!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebjo8_u82mI

9.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 17 - Complex Conditions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQf-zeuHijU

10.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 18 - switch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXMu5ljw9kc

11.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 19 - for Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Coxgr66EwRk

12.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 2 - Comments and Statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUyJ1gcaraM

13.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 20 - while Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPFW_0blw9w

14.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 21 - do while.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Eb7D_IOaog

15.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 22 - Event Handlers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rvB27xXO_I

16.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 23 - onMouseOver & onLoad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OleFcGMPZKI

17.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 24 - Objects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgwiCUpuCxA

18.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 25 - Creating Our Own Objects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xLcSTDeB7A

19.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 26 - Object Initializers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TL5SRttIs0

20.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 27 - Adding Methods to Our Objects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lQEtgFnZTY

21.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 28 - Arrays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEvBcwlpkBQ

22.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 29 - Other Ways to Create Arrays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSL9A8j5cAY

23.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 3 - Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=og4Zku5VVl0

24.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 30 - Array Properties and Methods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PE5A0jLIxBg

25.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 31 - join and pop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhnqA9kmFRE

26.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 32 - reverse, push, sort.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yl6PSgHPHF0

27.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 33 - Add Array Elements Using a Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6pCS-w1M3o

28.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 34 - Cool Technique to Print Array Elements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UH5QPYMFlIM

29.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 35 - Associative Arrays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTCyLN3iKeA

30.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 36 - Math Objects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F30jLIqGQpo

31.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 37 - Date Objects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xhqvh52VsIo

32.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 38 - Accessing Forms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzkAi2QMp7Y

33.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 39 - Accessing Form Elements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvB4gDYhcgo

34.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 4 - Different Types of Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY8qiSaAi9g

35.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 40 - Simple Form Validation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzVURjrIFxo

36.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 5 - Using Variables with Strings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLpghQ2MMfs

37.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 6 - Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nuqALOHN1M

38.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 7 - Using Parameters with Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7i1f23AVsn4

39.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 8 - Functions with Multiple Parameters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgtdojEoWFI

40.  Beginner JavaScript Tutorial - 9 - The return Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdQcd3sKGC8
JavaScript Tutorials Playlist