
2011 Rick Springfield & Friends Cruise Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXBf8cQ5yzw

2011 Rick Springfield & Friends Cruise!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFYUKHeqpkU

2011 Rick Springfield Cruise! Update Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4fKYlfqp30

2011 Rick Springfield Cruise! Update Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CV4U5haVSd8

2011 Rick Springfield Cruise! Update Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CunHSIYRqI

Australia Wildlife Emergency Fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOXAcZXy-AA

Create Your Own Paradise!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWS-p_usp0Y

Dave Grohl Jams with Rick Springfield 9202013
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOS9MKdyWS4

Destination Cancun Update from Rick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIZojIYdve8

Down - Rick Springfield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebKvlpoB4Mw

Final Rick Springfield Cruise Announcement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qc9-zSU2GFU

Gomer Tribute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ga9vM7z63Eo

Highlights from the 2015 Rick Springfield Fan Getaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lzvHH-z9hY

Human Touch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YsYwna_5xE

I'll Make You Happy LIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XovHi6kTvw

If Wishes Were Fishes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B542VIbsoU4

Jessie's Girl LIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2gJacxGO9U

Late, Late At Night with Rick Springfield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArdtZHWPZ-4

Love Is Alright Tonite LIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sYEXSbGxwQ

Love Somebody LIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX2WzguXSH4

Magnificent Vibration - A Long Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzgXwRMYrLk

Magnificent Vibration - An Unexpected Phone Call
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlNZn7_z0-k

Magnificent Vibration - Highway Disaster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKcCY2gLteM

Marc Maron & Dave Grohl on Rick Springfield and Sound City
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0S43UwmkvdA

No Human Touch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94_SK3AeXSc

Orchestrating My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wk0piHYkriA

Our Ship's Sinking - LIVE Rehearsal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hHFlkTL6L8

Perfect LIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ytBYJy2UgQ

Rick Explains the Rick Interactive App
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2w2a1-GwUp0

Rick Interactive Bonus Content App
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fe789zvAPo

Rick Springfield & Friends Club Med Fan Getaway 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIGLLJa0qqM

Rick Springfield & Friends Cruise 2009
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXqrGYlxh_c

Rick Springfield & Friends Fan Getaway 2013
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKI4KzsQOZo

Rick Springfield 'Stripped Down' Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQmz3gjtd5Y

Rick Springfield - #IceBucketChallenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXNV5bq_LJk

Rick Springfield - Affair of the Heart (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Fn3Ze8xVOE

Rick Springfield - Behind The Scenes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ML__GVG32-A

Rick Springfield - Bop 'Til You Drop (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLnu8SzOGfs

Rick Springfield - Celebrate Youth (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvJ1g-gImaQ

Rick Springfield - Christmas With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uHYHHEQwcE

Rick Springfield - Dance This World Away (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYOCR6ZXO8M

Rick Springfield - Deck The Halls (With Boughs Of Longboards)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEw_LP04kVA

Rick Springfield - Don't Talk To Strangers (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cp42V938eBA

Rick Springfield - Don't Walk Away (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFANiIwayAA

Rick Springfield - Doug Fieger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xextUEF31EE

Rick Springfield - Hole In My Heart (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrBOPo4Awpg

Rick Springfield - Honeymoon In Beirut (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGQwRcd87-U

Rick Springfield - Human Touch (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo0uTu2uLtI

Rick Springfield - I Get Excited (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2L5LcM9g3xg

Rick Springfield - I Hate Myself (HD LIVE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5ncgzVdy_U

Rick Springfield - I Hate Myself (Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odxwWYdjhBI

Rick Springfield - I've Done Everything For You (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0zwYNPPD2g

Rick Springfield - If Wishes Were Fishes (Stripped Down)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qT76Fu98w54

Rick Springfield - Jessie's Girl (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYkbTyHXwbs

Rick Springfield - Jessie's Girl (Stripped Down)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIdriHRlIyI

Rick Springfield - Jessie's Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5npKmiWw3hY

Rick Springfield - Love Somebody (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIVYW977GVM

Rick Springfield - New Studio Album!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDYjY-9aLB0

Rick Springfield - Orchestrating My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMCq2yOXATI

Rick Springfield - Our Ship's Sinking (HD Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wesCAot76o

Rick Springfield - Our Ship's Sinking (Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSMtbqnvuHk

Rick Springfield - Rehearsals Day 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sexsdG0YF-Y

Rick Springfield - Rock Of Life (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkXMrjrX-ic

Rick Springfield - Rollin' and Tumblin' (Stripped Down)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0sNJq2cI2w

Rick Springfield - Songs for the End of the World - Album Preview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brywWb4FKSQ

Rick Springfield - Souls (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhT97glh3zE

Rick Springfield - State Of The Heart (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3PG_Kb1Qfk

Rick Springfield - Take A Hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQKUKpX3-MA

Rick Springfield - Taxi Dancing (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nQjPl158JY

Rick Springfield - What Kind Of Fool Am I (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRu9nWY_ias

Rick Springfield - What's Victoria's Secret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jX5Up0MsOdg

Rick Springfield - Who Killed Rock-N-Roll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5hXcg8YEaE

Rick Springfield Club Med Fan Getaway 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3QAuxSThVQ

Rick Springfield Cruise 2010 Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWkOA-cDJQ4

Rick Springfield Cruise 2011 Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vx2T4hTYKHk

Rick Springfield Cruise Update!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbT1zmOgTQo

Rick Springfield Fan Documentary Teaser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHELCVylI4o

Rick Springfield I Hate Myself (Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWlhCOTnFGM

Rick Springfield I Hate Myself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loHxk36O6_w

Rick Springfield Irreplaceable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8v4iIIELPQ

Rick Springfield Kristina
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wZ-oUlv-QQ

Rick Springfield Live In Rockford DVD Promo Clip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gA66mXBw_3o

Rick Springfield on Steve with Steve Harvey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvhUe5xvy2Q

Rick Springfield Rehearsals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6y3vP2SzLnk

Rick wants YOU to sing on his new record!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=835w6sgNQ40

S1E1 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JA_KTIOP3c

S1E10 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50_KKxLT75I

S1E11 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-_tlyy4K7s

S1E12 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lprIvrW_miE

S1E13 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X_0MBgxNJM

S1E14 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lx68u7n3y10

S1E15 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZWpSt38uCI

S1E16 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihiKRCQfq6Q

S1E17 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SB-FrKnxC7Q

S1E18 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1A9DMTFDGio

S1E19 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv-caoL2u-0

S1E2 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oJK18OgK3g

S1E20 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0gNIidD8Mc

S1E21 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmVYuDqCAlM

S1E22 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbpF5jFILxI

S1E23 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4iJXom2QwI

S1E24 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDYmETBiPRc

S1E25 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywlftMtrqaE

S1E26 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wfe-mtiOKCo

S1E27 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4533z_Buk7U

S1E28 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2CtrHNRvwI

S1E29 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNnVU0BtEic

S1E3 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwwcqkam-VA

S1E4 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjtuYKkaZqg

S1E5 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guDD0m0bqqA

S1E6 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqzetzZHJOY

S1E7 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ai6hhoosk04

S1E8 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPwww5IZhGM

S1E9 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbAsI4ovLZU

S2E1 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcCBBNHat0I

S2E10 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6YobzIoThI

S2E11 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j97EiuSQIcU

S2E12 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn1j6ZymRjY

S2E13 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjAxqM92S1A

S2E14 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=runYub87XL0

S2E15 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqCb1FFIdi4

S2E16 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWtREDKJh-c

S2E17 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dhf2zVBqnhw

S2E18 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGpB0PZOgrg

S2E19 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bew9h1krzWk

S2E2 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWF4b9J091g

S2E20 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loe7S89KrFw

S2E21 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_zp19XZPIY

S2E22 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rsXeaiN3DM

S2E3 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8bDbD1AHX0

S2E4 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEQ7BWe0Wqg

S2E5 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2fznghIE6w

S2E6 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHc-u7RI7xQ

S2E7 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLtlqAe7NDU

S2E8 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLv5c2PEqj0

S2E9 Rick Springfield & Vance DeGeneres Present the Ultimate Miniseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c393ECcuyy8

The Snake King - Rick Springfield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IG5jUKEwMxU

The T Shirt Song (Sneak Peek)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyDUjlSsqE0

The Wall Will Fall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMHI0KW39ho

Welcome To Your Bright New World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HRsZZfCiUTw
Rick Springfield