
1.  5, Rue Sesame Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAljV4nwAgc&pp=sAQA

2.  @Sesame Street  Alphabet Pasta  Cookie Monster Snack Chat with Carla Hall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gu2Nlnx68fw&pp=sAQA

3.  @Sesame Street  Christmas with The Count Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RS0wf0ET9M&pp=sAQA

4.  @Sesame Street Cornmeal Pancakes  Cookie Monster Snack Chat with Carla Hall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wWp-9YwLpk&pp=sAQA

5.  @Sesame Street Holiday Party and Traditions  Power of We Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRSwE9NJeMY&pp=sAQA

6.  A to Z Alphabet Promo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3-KgQx2rmE&pp=sAQA

7.  Alam Simsim Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvdEKZ7_K20&pp=sAQA

8.  All for a Song  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ov6X7WOxaSo&pp=sAQA

9.  Aniboom Celebrity Promo Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OCVnKz9WCI&pp=sAQA

10.  Animal Friends at the Zoo (Elmo at The Zoo #5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKike8jBezI&pp=sAQA

11.  Art Smith and Elmo interview for Food for Thought.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fy_lMUwZr6o&pp=sAQA

12.  Ask Elmo and Chef Art Smith about Healthy Habits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AriR28f2i4&pp=sAQA

13.  Ask Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJ3rjXSsRns&pp=sAQA

14.  B-I-N-G-O  Nursery Rhyme Remix (Sesame Studios).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOJ8mkxC5ec&pp=sAQA

15.  Baby Sports Tummy Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy8g1tBTL2E&pp=sAQA

16.  Beezer Buddies Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ra4rtZ8rJzs&pp=sAQA

17.  Believe In Yourself feat. Ciara  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Vmr4jZYqJ0&pp=sAQA

18.  Bert's Search Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31ERxIFSA1w&pp=sAQA

19.  Billy on the Sesame Street (Billy on the Street Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83E6KNOM2sU&pp=sAQA

20.  Brush Your Teeth to This Song! (Sesame Studios).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGraqWkyhzw&pp=sAQA

21.  Brushy Brush Lyric Video feat. Jonas Brothers  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsll0krP1js&pp=sAQA

22.  C is for Cookie feat. Ben Platt  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FP-ZeGNyX1E&pp=sAQA

23.  Chile PSA 1 - MiedoFear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVM_OeYF8Ig&pp=sAQA

24.  Chile PSA 2 - NamesNombres.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xm1zFBwIGuQ&pp=sAQA

25.  Chile PSA 3 - Disaster PreventionPrevencion Desastres.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_O4yRvD0uqU&pp=sAQA

26.  Chile PSA 4 - Emotional SupportSoporte Emocional.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biu-784D3i4&pp=sAQA

27.  Comforting Children Through Stressful Times.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4FNLF2sgo4&pp=sAQA

28.  Cookie Monster Thinks the Moon is a Cookie  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2WhBtmpqCA&pp=sAQA

29.  Cookie Monster's Search Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPCA_YNHgiE&pp=sAQA

30.  Counting Promo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1n7AORGnGc&pp=sAQA

31.  Different Ways to Say Hello with Julia and Rosita  #SeeAmazing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoLtttqsNz8&pp=sAQA

32.  Dinosaur on Sesame Street  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqPj3sX3AMs&pp=sAQA

33.  Do You Know Marvie's Full Name (Sesame Studios).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-zeACs37XM&pp=sAQA

34.  Do You Know Where Sesame Street Is.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKOX4MD5Ga4&pp=sAQA

35.  Elmo & Ms. Booksy Read Jack and the Beanstalk - Part 3  Story Time with Ms. Booksy at Cool School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2c-3F1REfW0&pp=sAQA

36.  Elmo & Ms. Booksy Read Jack and the Beanstalk - Part 4  Story Time with Ms. Booksy at Cool School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXrTsfwMUBQ&pp=sAQA

37.  Elmo and Friends Find the Best Pet  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbY2Pjyg5CE&pp=sAQA

38.  Elmo and Rosita's Musical Playdate  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7Zy5a9nfDg&pp=sAQA

39.  Elmo and Zoe Play the Healthy Food Game  Sesame Street Full Episodes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32GKLMu48Cg&pp=sAQA

40.  Elmo and Zoe Play The Letter P Game  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WK-prDmyo0&pp=sAQA

41.  Elmo and Zoo Animals Play Games! (Elmo at the Zoo #10).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pD-PbFKgXJ0&pp=sAQA

42.  Elmo Loves Animals (Elmo at the Zoo #3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vV1QtwoZ85o&pp=sAQA

43.  Elmo Meets Animal Families (Elmo at the Zoo #6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJhBoCS593o&pp=sAQA

44.  Elmo Plays with Reptiles! (Elmo at the Zoo #8).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUpycr8bJAw&pp=sAQA

45.  Elmo Teaches Abby to Pretend  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLrAwZrXJC8&pp=sAQA

46.  Elmo Visits Baby Animals (Elmo at the Zoo #4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGhuTz1SkWY&pp=sAQA

47.  Elmo Visits the Zoo (Elmo at the Zoo #1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7Y_u62YqeY&pp=sAQA

48.  Elmo Writes a Story  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1YPSS2-zoQ&pp=sAQA

49.  Elmo's Chicken Dream  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdZVeBIfMbg&pp=sAQA

50.  Elmo's Furry Red Monster Parade  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QndxmRdwAgo&pp=sAQA

51.  Elmo's New Band  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkkgJkNVOGY&pp=sAQA

52.  Elmo's Pretend School  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4c--xBAAMEI&pp=sAQA

53.  Elmo's Song feat. Lil Nas X  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4BS8BXEB_k&pp=sAQA

54.  Elmo's World Bugs Imagine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8jLL4YLZ4I&pp=sAQA

55.  Elmo's World Horses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fUkpGrT7sng&pp=sAQA

56.  Elmo's World Violins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3f3HwVKwb4&pp=sAQA

57.  Elmo's World Wild Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9_RBfnpYTk&pp=sAQA

58.  Elmo’s World Elmo’s Wonderful World Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJ9GtX-VxuY&pp=sAQA

59.  Elmo’s World Playdate! DVD Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPGnIRkWfLA&pp=sAQA

60.  Esme & Roy Trailer  NEW Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YTfusNDdcQ&pp=sAQA

61.  First Lady Michelle Obama, Dr. Jill Biden, Sesame Street Military Children PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaRqSukiLfA&pp=sAQA

62.  First Lady Michelle Obama, Dr. Jill Biden, Sesame Street Military Community PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ea9QzyOFRm0&pp=sAQA

63.  First Lady Michelle Obama, Dr. Jill Biden, Sesame Street Military Family PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShcJp4xbvZE&pp=sAQA

64.  Fishing for Numbers (Sesame Studios).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGi0MWiDR1I&pp=sAQA

65.  Furchester Hotel Pony in Disguise (trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzgTi3pOLTY&pp=sAQA

66.  Happy to Be Me An Anti-bullying Discussion 1 Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bycyRO0Vdfw&pp=sAQA

67.  Happy to Be Me An Anti-bullying Discussion 2 What is bullying.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDQTH8WkAvQ&pp=sAQA

68.  Happy to Be Me An Anti-bullying Discussion 3 What do I do.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnqZfVCUSiA&pp=sAQA

69.  Happy to Be Me An Anti-bullying Discussion 4 The Child's Perspective.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8Z3xppAqrU&pp=sAQA

70.  Happy to Be Me An Anti-bullying Discussion 5 Final Thoughts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rx4UHSoL92c&pp=sAQA

71.  Humongous  Words with Puffballs (Sesame Studios).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYJuSnME9AM&pp=sAQA

72.  Hush Little Baby feat. Sofia Carson  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3k-IsbxAwc&pp=sAQA

73.  I Don't Want to Live on the Moon feat. Dan + Shay  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOe92FwtXRY&pp=sAQA

74.  I Love My Hair feat. H.E.R.  The Not-Too-Late-Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yW1FkU7MRNU&pp=sAQA

75.  I Love Trash feat. Josh Groban  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLzdJ1y8_-c&pp=sAQA

76.  Inside Sesame Street with Katie Couric.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIAOk4sLZ7s&pp=sAQA

77.  Introducing Sesame Studios!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TyZQzc1INc0&pp=sAQA

78.  Join Big Bird & Abby Cadabby for a Virtual Playdate  Omaze.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cX6H1dw10iA&pp=sAQA

79.  Journey to Ernie Box World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ELUbx1rSus&pp=sAQA

80.  Journey to Ernie Musicland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6TkpZx1dzQ&pp=sAQA

81.  Julia and Grover Search for Patterns  #SeeAmazing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jl7EwPp6HQ0&pp=sAQA

82.  Julia and Rosita Celebrate Families  #SeeAmazing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gor5qS1Cizo&pp=sAQA

83.  Julia, Rosita, and Grover Play Freeze Dance  #SeeAmazing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLCP7qeyIsw&pp=sAQA

84.  Love to Learn Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpJqF6yp7bg&pp=sAQA

85.  Lullaby Medley feat. Pentatonix  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Myxm4ez5sFg&pp=sAQA

86.  Make Your Family Count 60  2020 Census  Sesame Street.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZmLI7eYjmw&pp=sAQA

87.  Marvie Gets a Boo Boo (Sesame Studios).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07ZXeFfotKk&pp=sAQA

88.  Marvie's Song (Sesame Studios).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5c8xGBzE58k&pp=sAQA

89.  Meet The Real Grouches of Sesame Street  Real Housewives Parody  Part 1 of 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-osoFGwxAig&pp=sAQA

90.  Modern Family's Nolan Gould and Sesame Street's Murray Volunteer!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUyEXy1hlV8&pp=sAQA

91.  Plaza Sésamo Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hZ4bQFMTas&pp=sAQA

92.  Put Down the Pacifier Congratulations Celebration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geEjqTWWgbk&pp=sAQA

93.  Put Down the Pacifier Give it Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiDkzSFVOoo&pp=sAQA

94.  Put Down the Pacifier Make a Trade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrhhTF9_T50&pp=sAQA

95.  Put Down the Pacifier Sticker Chart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLHpjWBkhZ0&pp=sAQA

96.  Put Down the Pacifier The Calendar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jN9E_yoiIM8&pp=sAQA

97.  Put Down the Pacifier The Pacifier Fairy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfGgvbmCA0A&pp=sAQA

98.  Put Down the Pacifier Understanding Emotions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8hY_8hUid8&pp=sAQA

99.  Rechov Sumsum Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cb0MQtbLxD0&pp=sAQA

100.  Rruga Sesam  Ulica Sezam Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEDItKWO2I4&pp=sAQA

101.  Rubber Duckie feat. Kacey Musgraves  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJcZoYCEhG0&pp=sAQA

102.  Sesame Square The Letter M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-T9wViTBhQ&pp=sAQA

103.  Sesame Street 'U' is for Umpire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3uCXVB1WJA&pp=sAQA

104.  Sesame Street - Families Stand Together Elmo and Chris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rVQJ8SVT8k&pp=sAQA

105.  Sesame Street - Families Stand Together On a Budget.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1uCAh6_eSY&pp=sAQA

106.  Sesame Street 0-20 Counting Songs!  Number of the Day Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Zi8KbgVhFc&pp=sAQA

107.  Sesame Street 1 Limerick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bit4Wa3OobU&pp=sAQA

108.  Sesame Street 1-20 Songs  Number of the Day Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tevF4UYGnu8&pp=sAQA

109.  Sesame Street 1-5 Counting Zoo Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEutPDxj8Lk&pp=sAQA

110.  Sesame Street 10 Butterfly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sB0zBirU9eY&pp=sAQA

111.  Sesame Street 10 Doggie Kisses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFCWJ47AJes&pp=sAQA

112.  Sesame Street 11 Butterflies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rhR1anWYNU&pp=sAQA

113.  Sesame Street 12 Days of Christmas Cookies Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TeNWtq18UF8&pp=sAQA

114.  Sesame Street 12 Days of Christmas Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQCmsuK-Lmw&pp=sAQA

115.  Sesame Street 12 Little Chicks Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdBzzBrzvlA&pp=sAQA

116.  Sesame Street 12 Tiny Turtles Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck_D9Zh8zAA&pp=sAQA

117.  Sesame Street 14 Maple Street.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubmyUr8HggA&pp=sAQA

118.  Sesame Street 15 Ladybugs in the Garden.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxZ2iue-vSo&pp=sAQA

119.  Sesame Street 16 Acorns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6Kh8-oZU3w&pp=sAQA

120.  Sesame Street 1D Visits Sesame Street (One Direction Too!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ji5SombqXK4&pp=sAQA

121.  Sesame Street 3 Little Pigs' House  Monster Fixers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RRHoZAMVAI&pp=sAQA

122.  Sesame Street 3 Wishes  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpOaDJpQeYk&pp=sAQA

123.  Sesame Street 39 Stairs  Monsterpiece Theater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQkL7RyJNzk&pp=sAQA

124.  Sesame Street 5 Dogs, 5 Bones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk702keoYzY&pp=sAQA

125.  Sesame Street 5 Little Fairy Ducks  Elmo's Sing-Along.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TWE4JOC6DA&pp=sAQA

126.  Sesame Street 5 Little Fairy Ducks Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oojkEXUk9Gc&pp=sAQA

127.  Sesame Street 5 Little Monkeys with Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mk3BUMHjOSU&pp=sAQA

128.  Sesame Street 50 Songs in 50 Years Compilation  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSuY3lb94g0&pp=sAQA

129.  Sesame Street 50 Years in 50 Seconds Mashup  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7CHiuHkQ10&pp=sAQA

130.  Sesame Street 50th Anniversary Highlight Reel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wbkcz2y96nQ&pp=sAQA

131.  Sesame Street 6 Hours of Sesame Street Songs Compilation!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKz3wvz5j6E&pp=sAQA

132.  Sesame Street 7 Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c49se7Ym6lY&pp=sAQA

133.  Sesame Street 80s Music Mashup Parody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqEYwJF9tb0&pp=sAQA

134.  Sesame Street 9 Spanish Dancers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3D2s7DyS0U&pp=sAQA

135.  Sesame Street A Conversation About Divorce & Its Impact on Young Children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdYObHNDYUY&pp=sAQA

136.  Sesame Street A Cookie is a Sometime Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaHkwE7TaNg&pp=sAQA

137.  Sesame Street A Dull Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WO5EhFrIohU&pp=sAQA

138.  Sesame Street A is for Animals with the Irwin Family.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3Gf0zPrF_Q&pp=sAQA

139.  Sesame Street A is for Apple with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NmJNxI22yI&pp=sAQA

140.  Sesame Street A is for Astronaut.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2X3ESsNHG-8&pp=sAQA

141.  Sesame Street A Man and his Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHSibz8nsGk&pp=sAQA

142.  Sesame Street A Moment to Yourself  Parent PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEmaWIxyhj8&pp=sAQA

143.  Sesame Street A Portrait of Bert, By Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyH_GSEoKek&pp=sAQA

144.  Sesame Street A Real Martian Beauty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOl1sT8hlMI&pp=sAQA

145.  Sesame Street A Rocking Rock Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoat7zEKibg&pp=sAQA

146.  Sesame Street A Song About Broccoli!  #ThrowbackThursdays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEau3h67K38&pp=sAQA

147.  Sesame Street A Song About Bugs!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKXadS3hanw&pp=sAQA

148.  Sesame Street A Song About Celebrating You!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dw1ABCsuxoY&pp=sAQA

149.  Sesame Street A Song About Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Py2f38iPBeI&pp=sAQA

150.  Sesame Street A Song About Emotions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y28GH2GoIyc&pp=sAQA

151.  Sesame Street A Song About Letter M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hChvOWssIU4&pp=sAQA

152.  Sesame Street A Special Message From Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNnLVkj3RcI&pp=sAQA

153.  Sesame Street A Special Message from Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2BZBpjSJAg&pp=sAQA

154.  Sesame Street A Special Message from Oscar the Grouch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6b4NKWitfg&pp=sAQA

155.  Sesame Street A Squid Says the Alphabet with Tina Fey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrUR46EI7o8&pp=sAQA

156.  Sesame Street A Starry Night Story featuring Julia and Fluffster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3BNeUsLG8A&pp=sAQA

157.  Sesame Street A Story About Seven Brother and Sisters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JInUP3CgBpM&pp=sAQA

158.  Sesame Street A Streetcar Named Monster with Grover  American Monster Classics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwV-alxKwTY&pp=sAQA

159.  Sesame Street A to Z Letter of the Day Alphabet Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpXvJ5KHh_k&pp=sAQA

160.  Sesame Street A to Z Songs  Letter of the Day Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMWC6ngKMCU&pp=sAQA

161.  Sesame Street A Tree Wants to Leave the Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tDH0kpSck8&pp=sAQA

162.  Sesame Street A Tribute to Caroll Spinney.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nd4vkqiwrHo&pp=sAQA

163.  Sesame Street A's Anatomy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adZg1kbcTIQ&pp=sAQA

164.  Sesame Street A-Z Songs  Abby's Letter of the Day Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxHxmhIAu3o&pp=sAQA

165.  Sesame Street Abby and Cookie Monster Play Smiley Says  Car Game #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlUDAKSu2gw&pp=sAQA

166.  Sesame Street Abby and Cookie Monster Subtract (Eat) Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnBeGmjWnK4&pp=sAQA

167.  Sesame Street Abby and Elizabeth Talk About Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xcddmkw6do&pp=sAQA

168.  Sesame Street Abby and Elmo are Boo Boo Busters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0WrIR-drAI&pp=sAQA

169.  Sesame Street Abby and Elmo Figure Out What a Straw Can Do.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjiX4Q6q6rA&pp=sAQA

170.  Sesame Street Abby and Elmo's Driving Lessons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9J_5XnkuCU&pp=sAQA

171.  Sesame Street Abby and Emmy Rossum Stay Focused!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sXi2wakGuI&pp=sAQA

172.  Sesame Street Abby and Grover Sing Nursery Rhymes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iVWAsvI-y8&pp=sAQA

173.  Sesame Street Abby and Prince Charming Go to the Eye Doctor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRrtqb3U6nI&pp=sAQA

174.  Sesame Street Abby and Rudy's Seasons Spinner  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwLobBr4p3g&pp=sAQA

175.  Sesame Street Abby Cadabby & Julia Sing Sunny Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8QQRtA0hVA&pp=sAQA

176.  Sesame Street Abby Cadabby teaches Josh Gad about Texture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdA4EcEkzzg&pp=sAQA

177.  Sesame Street Abby Cadabby's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mI_BSerWu8w&pp=sAQA

178.  Sesame Street Abby Changes Seasons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uejXTGdQfs&pp=sAQA

179.  Sesame Street Abby Happy Birthday Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgo-9Cw0x4w&pp=sAQA

180.  Sesame Street Abby Helps Emma Stone Balance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwDyqKEGtO4&pp=sAQA

181.  Sesame Street Abby in Wonderland DVD Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sgn1bPDKT2E&pp=sAQA

182.  Sesame Street Abby Meets Her Classmates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5pGIH_5Xwk&pp=sAQA

183.  Sesame Street Abby Searches for Magic!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5meAr94MM8M&pp=sAQA

184.  Sesame Street Abby Studies Fairytales.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27zgQklRCHo&pp=sAQA

185.  Sesame Street Abby Visits Colonial Trolliamsburg (Abby’s Flying Fairy School).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fhpA_58aOo&pp=sAQA

186.  Sesame Street Abby's Flying Fairy School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rKQUtrQsHo&pp=sAQA

187.  Sesame Street Abby’s Sandbox Search  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SaAQ5SwyguE&pp=sAQA

188.  Sesame Street ABC Disco with Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9DZp16uNQk&pp=sAQA

189.  Sesame Street ABC Songs Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToPRbdbx6zc&pp=sAQA

190.  Sesame Street ABC-DEF-GHI  Animated Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8TkfMmwVHI&pp=sAQA

191.  Sesame Street ABC-DEF-GHI Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTvhKZHAP8U&pp=sAQA

192.  Sesame Street ABCs  Elmo's Sing Along.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3Dc4-UsCfE&pp=sAQA

193.  Sesame Street ABCs En Español (with Gina Rodriguez).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MO3xvPyBzmw&pp=sAQA

194.  Sesame Street ABCs of the Swamp.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXqPktoI-gY&pp=sAQA

195.  Sesame Street About Friendship -- Caring.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FlhKfke1ik&pp=sAQA

196.  Sesame Street About Friendship -- Sharing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3vfpzEigUA&pp=sAQA

197.  Sesame Street About Friendship -- You're A Great Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6gnLsITlCk&pp=sAQA

198.  Sesame Street Absorb (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nYm92sLtaI&pp=sAQA

199.  Sesame Street Adam Sandler Crunchy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VRYSzdLCRk&pp=sAQA

200.  Sesame Street Adam Scott and Murray Feel Awful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDTYCX7cmcA&pp=sAQA

201.  Sesame Street Adding Song with Bert and Ernie  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIcYS6HQluA&pp=sAQA

202.  Sesame Street Adrian Grenier Season.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcQuBt1TuSw&pp=sAQA

203.  Sesame Street Adventure (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVHZDh_Tq7A&pp=sAQA

204.  Sesame Street African Alphabet with Kermit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zl8pxaxxReo&pp=sAQA

205.  Sesame Street Air Bear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FEGZgjYK1o&pp=sAQA

206.  Sesame Street Airplane Pilot  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8dGyGXaKuY&pp=sAQA

207.  Sesame Street Albert Pujols and Grover, Two Great Athletes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4ZdCis7sPQ&pp=sAQA

208.  Sesame Street Alessia Cara's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieo5T1qQuY4&pp=sAQA

209.  Sesame Street Alice in Wonderland  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YxjRQag6O0&pp=sAQA

210.  Sesame Street Alice the Dancing Snuffleupagus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CzYPYkCVFM&pp=sAQA

211.  Sesame Street All Around the Ocean Song feat. Elmo and Abby Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXjbcANwKDw&pp=sAQA

212.  Sesame Street All By Myself Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bsds-saVxf0&pp=sAQA

213.  Sesame Street All I Want for Christmas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mV065g481yA&pp=sAQA

214.  Sesame Street All Tucked In on Sesame Street  Story Time with Olivia Newton-John.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RaoGLArnks&pp=sAQA

215.  Sesame Street Alligator King.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVDUYJo3CjU&pp=sAQA

216.  Sesame Street Alone in a Swamp.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2iD6j0rdK8&pp=sAQA

217.  Sesame Street Alphabet  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xn5PnwGUYhc&pp=sAQA

218.  Sesame Street Alphabet Kitchen App Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_aw3CKoY_w&pp=sAQA

219.  Sesame Street Alphabet Letters Compilation with Elmo and Friends!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtdnmhASYbA&pp=sAQA

220.  Sesame Street Alphabet Song Remix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOueakRcv2Q&pp=sAQA

221.  Sesame Street Alphabet Songs Compilation  Learn the ABCs!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWZ-iA3HMOU&pp=sAQA

222.  Sesame Street Alphabet Songs Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XByk3YlRSJI&pp=sAQA

223.  Sesame Street Alphaquest Letter M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBFLBBgRpY0&pp=sAQA

224.  Sesame Street Alton Brown Recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCxAM4bcYiU&pp=sAQA

225.  Sesame Street Amy Adams Ingredient.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtRwAXzW5Vc&pp=sAQA

226.  Sesame Street Amy Poehler-Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfpf2QqgqUI&pp=sAQA

227.  Sesame Street Amy Poehler-Laughing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_q_wxJOpMk&pp=sAQA

228.  Sesame Street Amy Poehler-Yoga.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCH8O1dLSbc&pp=sAQA

229.  Sesame Street Amy Ryan and Elmo - Paleontologist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5V9Pv9YMrQc&pp=sAQA

230.  Sesame Street and P&G Imagine a world where girls' and boys’ dreams have no limits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDg1qetrEI0&pp=sAQA

231.  Sesame Street Andy Grammer's Joke!  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sm5T-FxGIcg&pp=sAQA

232.  Sesame Street Angel Hair Pasta  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WipPtrQi_Tg&pp=sAQA

233.  Sesame Street Animal Elevator Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAzOVDwOgU8&pp=sAQA

234.  Sesame Street Animal Houses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6K2uD3_B2s&pp=sAQA

235.  Sesame Street Animal Riddle Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZeW-sydWdk&pp=sAQA

236.  Sesame Street Animals In, On, and Under with Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2n04lsz6_2c&pp=sAQA

237.  Sesame Street Animals on the Farm  Wheels on the Bus Remix #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd-h55lANuQ&pp=sAQA

238.  Sesame Street Ann Curry Explains the Word Apology.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnFrjSEvo4k&pp=sAQA

239.  Sesame Street Anna Faris Gem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxnwnQSoSi4&pp=sAQA

240.  Sesame Street Anna Kendrick and Elmo Absorb Some Knowledge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XI2vvKIR8B0&pp=sAQA

241.  Sesame Street Annie Get Your Gumbo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fsmm_OvpQDw&pp=sAQA

242.  Sesame Street Another Monster at the End of This Book  Story Time with Alan Muraoka.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MzOm3bFZHk&pp=sAQA

243.  Sesame Street Another Monster at the End of This Book App Preview Starring Grover and Elmo!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhSc0jPkg0E&pp=sAQA

244.  Sesame Street Ants on a Log  Cookie Monster's Food Challenge #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQp3BrUw148&pp=sAQA

245.  Sesame Street Anyone Can Be Friends Song with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFExA7ytucY&pp=sAQA

246.  Sesame Street Anyone Can Play Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mhi5bmiUkc&pp=sAQA

247.  Sesame Street Apple Slice & Peanut Butter Sandwiches  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5H_bMN4keE&pp=sAQA

248.  Sesame Street Apple vs. Banana feat. Tavi Fields & Phonte Coleman  Elmo's Food Rap Battle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBVugDNLk74&pp=sAQA

249.  Sesame Street Apples & Bananas Song  Animated Nursery Rhyme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHxv-l80RjQ&pp=sAQA

250.  Sesame Street Apps for Every Little Learner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJXoPVQOb_M&pp=sAQA

251.  Sesame Street Are Matching Socks Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fye-b_iRQPM&pp=sAQA

252.  Sesame Street Are You Smarter Than an Egg Layer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMZJWmJB5uA&pp=sAQA

253.  Sesame Street Arnold Uses His Imagination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBlzuEQiRfU&pp=sAQA

254.  Sesame Street Art School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXafRUnZPVE&pp=sAQA

255.  Sesame Street Art, Math, & Jazz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPrn9nDLTDY&pp=sAQA

256.  Sesame Street Arthur Ashe Does the Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eiBr8T8On0&pp=sAQA

257.  Sesame Street Arts and Crafts Playdate Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXMqBEq5t5M&pp=sAQA

258.  Sesame Street As The World Takes Turns with Telly and Zoe  #Throwback Thursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3YWUHut9aE&pp=sAQA

259.  Sesame Street Astronaut Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfAQ6UL3Rbs&pp=sAQA

260.  Sesame Street At School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7M2uC5PP_c&pp=sAQA

261.  Sesame Street Athlete (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edmj-Ey3PrE&pp=sAQA

262.  Sesame Street Attack of the Sneeze Danish  Smart Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJJDWyiGZpI&pp=sAQA

263.  Sesame Street Author (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gECUFhqoULI&pp=sAQA

264.  Sesame Street Awesome Alphabet Collection DVD Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSq9mssZdDM&pp=sAQA

265.  Sesame Street Aziz Ansari and Grover Get Ridiculous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r-m6E8c2_E&pp=sAQA

266.  Sesame Street B is for Backpack.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPtQjbAjg64&pp=sAQA

267.  Sesame Street B is for Bandage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFkH_LBxxGc&pp=sAQA

268.  Sesame Street B is for Bath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0JP10geYpTo&pp=sAQA

269.  Sesame Street B is for Bees.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgU9mezbJ0U&pp=sAQA

270.  Sesame Street B is for Birthday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gClMNHstMq4&pp=sAQA

271.  Sesame Street B is for Book (with Pharrell Williams).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DhSk2mHtHo&pp=sAQA

272.  Sesame Street B is for Bubble.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzbrV0Bc8Fg&pp=sAQA

273.  Sesame Street B is for Bubbles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMOzGc17UfY&pp=sAQA

274.  Sesame Street B. B. King The Letter B Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svoPEQHzR7s&pp=sAQA

275.  Sesame Street Babies  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhxqCpzYjpw&pp=sAQA

276.  Sesame Street Babies and Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AP6ifWizHhs&pp=sAQA

277.  Sesame Street Baby Bear and Bees.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHQagG3-tKI&pp=sAQA

278.  Sesame Street Baby Bear sings How Do You Do.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkhu1k0kYxw&pp=sAQA

279.  Sesame Street Baby Bear While the Porridge Cools.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UJuGEHCguk&pp=sAQA

280.  Sesame Street Baby Bear's Bath Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVHnA40fpiA&pp=sAQA

281.  Sesame Street Baby Loves Cookie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBK4bQ36wyg&pp=sAQA

282.  Sesame Street Baby Sports Sitting Up Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_-1dBYSfac&pp=sAQA

283.  Sesame Street Back and Front Frankenstein.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjAClMcC7vY&pp=sAQA

284.  Sesame Street Back to School with Elmo PSA  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4l7Sy2gTBIE&pp=sAQA

285.  Sesame Street Backstage With Elmo & David Beckham.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pHHktbtOvI&pp=sAQA

286.  Sesame Street Backstage With Elmo & Heidi Klum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VroWq8BvUU&pp=sAQA

287.  Sesame Street Backstage With Elmo & Jessica Alba.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1T9I2JJ018I&pp=sAQA

288.  Sesame Street Baked Chicken Tenders & Ranch Dip  Cookie Monster Snack Chat with Carla Hall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaSn9ToQYdo&pp=sAQA

289.  Sesame Street Baker Number 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts1WvLWbwEw&pp=sAQA

290.  Sesame Street Baker Number 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVmQet5Gjgo&pp=sAQA

291.  Sesame Street Bakers  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DedLZrLv7OU&pp=sAQA

292.  Sesame Street Baking Pies  Abby's Amazing Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bolx0DAySrM&pp=sAQA

293.  Sesame Street Balls  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47C5MBIVkMk&pp=sAQA

294.  Sesame Street Banana Chips for Zooey Deschanel  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFVP-B1VTxo&pp=sAQA

295.  Sesame Street Banana Split  Cookie Monster's Food Challenge #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rndi7EpS5Dg&pp=sAQA

296.  Sesame Street Banana Talk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8266-l00Ows&pp=sAQA

297.  Sesame Street Barnacle Subtraction Song  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yXlOvH-HHk&pp=sAQA

298.  Sesame Street Baseball School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcoWtcg_zz0&pp=sAQA

299.  Sesame Street Bathtime Bop Song with Elmo and Louie  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzWeu6kn2bs&pp=sAQA

300.  Sesame Street Batty Bat  Animated Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=287OPnJwBKY&pp=sAQA

301.  Sesame Street BBQ vs Hike feat. Lyric Jones & Phonte Coleman  Fun in the Sun Rap Battle #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpqOUOhRxDs&pp=sAQA

302.  Sesame Street Be a Good Friend (with Gwen Stefani).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1FNTMs3ofM&pp=sAQA

303.  Sesame Street Be a Good Sport Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6egzD1cbQA&pp=sAQA

304.  Sesame Street Beach  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKOuBvuYleE&pp=sAQA

305.  Sesame Street Beach Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpEaHIu3epg&pp=sAQA

306.  Sesame Street Beach Track  Magical Car Races #6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrAM8Z_Q6Uc&pp=sAQA

307.  Sesame Street Beach vs Park feat. Rafael Casal & Utkarsh Ambudkar  Fun in the Sun Rap Battle #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Escq8_JkZg4&pp=sAQA

308.  Sesame Street Bears, Bears, Bears.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EydUHVv3_dM&pp=sAQA

309.  Sesame Street Beautiful Skin Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oq9ydJK6Fn8&pp=sAQA

310.  Sesame Street Becoming a Big Sibling  Abby's Advice #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jj3Xf44XBJQ&pp=sAQA

311.  Sesame Street Bedtime Song  1, 2, 3 Goodnight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-6UCYoXGUQ&pp=sAQA

312.  Sesame Street Bedtime Starts With Letter B (with Tracee Ellis Ross).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4F8OmocZD8&pp=sAQA

313.  Sesame Street Bees  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqzy5NA73G8&pp=sAQA

314.  Sesame Street Before and After Circus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLI00pgykjg&pp=sAQA

315.  Sesame Street Before They Were Stars  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vpMlrl4_i8&pp=sAQA

316.  Sesame Street Before You Arrive At School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T41QDa8XZWU&pp=sAQA

317.  Sesame Street Beginnings Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKYwIWZBqgk&pp=sAQA

318.  Sesame Street Behind the Scenes - Growing Hope Against Hunger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WI0VZgRaUjI&pp=sAQA

319.  Sesame Street Behind the Scenes of PSA shoot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hbx1gpipO2w&pp=sAQA

320.  Sesame Street Being Brave Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVLIr56CFfU&pp=sAQA

321.  Sesame Street Being Flexible  Parent Moment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJol1sf5jUU&pp=sAQA

322.  Sesame Street Believe in Yourself Lyric Video featuring Michael Bublé  Elmo's Sing Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDti1szi9vE&pp=sAQA

323.  Sesame Street Believe in Yourself Song (Michael Bublé & Elmo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mw5E6gYpB8&pp=sAQA

324.  Sesame Street Benjamin Bratt and Elmo translate for a Tiger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxfdV51Bytw&pp=sAQA

325.  Sesame Street Benny Makes Repairs to the Furry Arms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIOUQkRnahU&pp=sAQA

326.  Sesame Street Bert & Ernie Discuss Fruit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSnrcWXVxL0&pp=sAQA

327.  Sesame Street Bert & Ernie Go to the Movies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Slq2zeofV0w&pp=sAQA

328.  Sesame Street Bert & Ernie Imagine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWusdPj-SO8&pp=sAQA

329.  Sesame Street Bert & Ernie Play Drums.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZi22Uj5yPA&pp=sAQA

330.  Sesame Street Bert & Ernie's Paper Clip Life Hacks  Backyard with Bert #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGrFFJDmgIY&pp=sAQA

331.  Sesame Street Bert & Ernie's Pumpkin Painting Challenge  Backyard with Bert #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9C1Vx50dC0&pp=sAQA

332.  Sesame Street Bert Almost Shops for Dinner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddX8T4ziTg0&pp=sAQA

333.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Are Stranded  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPEgE7IU_9E&pp=sAQA

334.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Can't See at the Movies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZpGRVY0Xrs&pp=sAQA

335.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Celebrate the Letter U's Birthday!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DXcCOaVc5o&pp=sAQA

336.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Exchange Gifts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cExeSvmSXMA&pp=sAQA

337.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Friendship Mashup  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXDKzzWsPh8&pp=sAQA

338.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Go Pretend Swimming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72cM2eAPL8g&pp=sAQA

339.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Go to the Beach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4axX8-3inY&pp=sAQA

340.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Grow a Flower.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jQQ_ZCAHt0&pp=sAQA

341.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Make Shapes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElcGPSvjCM4&pp=sAQA

342.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Meet a Mermaid  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPBIixwkVEw&pp=sAQA

343.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Paint Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbeYRE5wEXo&pp=sAQA

344.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Play Name that Animal  Car Game #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFjK_mIiYBY&pp=sAQA

345.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Play Touch Your Face.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHjWhK4Cuh8&pp=sAQA

346.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Share Jokes  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2PbncQq0jM&pp=sAQA

347.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Share What They Like.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9RuUHyX0tI&pp=sAQA

348.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Songs Compilation  Dance Myself to Sleep and more!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41IDA97jI3o&pp=sAQA

349.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie Talk to Shala about Emotions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDP2x5NSgcY&pp=sAQA

350.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie's Breakfast Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hUsDOMcerw&pp=sAQA

351.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie's Circle Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4fq3l5-TsA&pp=sAQA

352.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie's Friendship Test.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-tj86tX92o&pp=sAQA

353.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bynLaD37-_k&pp=sAQA

354.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie's Pretending Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rELc_65_evA&pp=sAQA

355.  Sesame Street Bert and Ernie's Science Experiment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5K46roUvsk&pp=sAQA

356.  Sesame Street Bert Feels Cold  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCgNUaapjfs&pp=sAQA

357.  Sesame Street Bert Feels Silly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f8n1msQWtc&pp=sAQA

358.  Sesame Street Bert Gets a Fish Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01VYKfOZA4o&pp=sAQA

359.  Sesame Street Bert Gets Angry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOgVqlfzwkw&pp=sAQA

360.  Sesame Street Bert Helps Ernie Imagine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvOj8UciB3Q&pp=sAQA

361.  Sesame Street Bert is All Dressed Up for Winter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oE4UvssRheg&pp=sAQA

362.  Sesame Street Bert Sings Rubber Duckie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pT3a8qhBNOk&pp=sAQA

363.  Sesame Street Bert Teaches Ernie Quiet and Loud.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlPQ49ahDLE&pp=sAQA

364.  Sesame Street Bert Wants to Play a Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zoc6W5ED_Ts&pp=sAQA

365.  Sesame Street Bert's Brother Bart Visits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sS7_-h882Ls&pp=sAQA

366.  Sesame Street Bert's Bust.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYkS7J9xaXY&pp=sAQA

367.  Sesame Street Bert's Fairytale Theater Sleeping Beauty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wfpr2l7MjM&pp=sAQA

368.  Sesame Street Bert's Imagination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDlwRkKnNWM&pp=sAQA

369.  Sesame Street Bert’s Favorite Number 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4OTRRmyTAA&pp=sAQA

370.  Sesame Street Bessie and James Take Flight  Power of We Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VVRDMUuqEM&pp=sAQA

371.  Sesame Street Best of Abby Cadabby Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy0o6hf6S7M&pp=sAQA

372.  Sesame Street Best of Elmo 4 DVD Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzxWr08AzsY&pp=sAQA

373.  Sesame Street Best of Elmo Birthday Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJ7iCL-FzYo&pp=sAQA

374.  Sesame Street Best of Friends Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFrJInEK9F4&pp=sAQA

375.  Sesame Street Best of Sesame Street Dancing  Dancing Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SB5VL8L2ckM&pp=sAQA

376.  Sesame Street Best of Sesame Street Spoofs! Volumes 1 & 2 Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLZ5Rebfz4I&pp=sAQA

377.  Sesame Street Big Bird and Snuffy Get the Picture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkFxUVVhYyA&pp=sAQA

378.  Sesame Street Big Bird Asks Zoe A Question.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-Fye4sHQp4&pp=sAQA

379.  Sesame Street Big Bird Loves His Street.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAx8kUDhJr4&pp=sAQA

380.  Sesame Street Big Bird Rhymes  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMMaSHiWW70&pp=sAQA

381.  Sesame Street Big Bird Sings about Mistakes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHkymY6yKMg&pp=sAQA

382.  Sesame Street Big Bird Sings Happy to Be Me Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oiqKFowHW0&pp=sAQA

383.  Sesame Street Big Bird sings That's Cooperation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kihZUsADQTQ&pp=sAQA

384.  Sesame Street Big Bird Visits A Farm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6P6OxwDwVo&pp=sAQA

385.  Sesame Street Big Bird Wants To Whistle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULe5stt7WLg&pp=sAQA

386.  Sesame Street Big Bird's Health Tip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKsH7hOqdts&pp=sAQA

387.  Sesame Street Big Bird's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCd5SNFoulo&pp=sAQA

388.  Sesame Street Big Bird's Sun Poem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLpPq6i8zhM&pp=sAQA

389.  Sesame Street Big Bird’s Blue Crayon Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9mLkalcrC4&pp=sAQA

390.  Sesame Street Big Brother Bird  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TdIa6lKLdw&pp=sAQA

391.  Sesame Street Big Sad Wolf  Fairytales Today.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJe71AUcvFk&pp=sAQA

392.  Sesame Street Bikes, Trains, Planes, and Cars Compilation!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBo3oBEtQik&pp=sAQA

393.  Sesame Street Bill Hader is Grouchy!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9bCUkVrL0k&pp=sAQA

394.  Sesame Street Billy Porter Sings About Making Friends!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-YxjLUnnP0&pp=sAQA

395.  Sesame Street BINGO  Elmo's Sing Along.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7ajt-adhOc&pp=sAQA

396.  Sesame Street Bird Musical Preview!  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24q_BZ9XYBI&pp=sAQA

397.  Sesame Street Birdie Treat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jUSz-Ma7bU&pp=sAQA

398.  Sesame Street Birdwalk Empire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppGXF8_OvCc&pp=sAQA

399.  Sesame Street Birthdays  Elmo's World (1628003).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeVp9S1HzqI&pp=sAQA

400.  Sesame Street Birthdays  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQmBP1cRDRg&pp=sAQA

401.  Sesame Street Blake Griffin and Abby Cadabby - Champion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRSeqfBD8iI&pp=sAQA

402.  Sesame Street Blue Jay Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXO8g8hSFKQ&pp=sAQA

403.  Sesame Street Bob Sings the Can Do Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvHw-RRwC4k&pp=sAQA

404.  Sesame Street Bobby McFerrin Alphabet Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIqM8eGydC0&pp=sAQA

405.  Sesame Street Boogie Woogie Piggies Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhP6YB-2SWY&pp=sAQA

406.  Sesame Street Bouncing Balls  Murray's Science Experiements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KbPFqlR24I&pp=sAQA

407.  Sesame Street Breakdance Pencil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNkLTUUqPyQ&pp=sAQA

408.  Sesame Street Brendan Fraser Speedy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQjYT6iOUeI&pp=sAQA

409.  Sesame Street Brian & Kermit Here And There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qk4s38mnu5s&pp=sAQA

410.  Sesame Street Brittany Snow is Elmo's Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZqkE-Q1f3g&pp=sAQA

411.  Sesame Street Broken Grocery Bags (Classic Super Grover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohCsO4Hs2AA&pp=sAQA

412.  Sesame Street Brothers And Sisters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctTfxbHnom4&pp=sAQA

413.  Sesame Street Bruno Mars Don't Give Up Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QElU_HYESss&pp=sAQA

414.  Sesame Street Bruno Mars Don't Give Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWp6kkz-pnQ&pp=sAQA

415.  Sesame Street Brushing Your Teeth  Abby's Advice #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoCvyziSbTY&pp=sAQA

416.  Sesame Street Bubba's Word Emporium - S.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGuFSPFzKKw&pp=sAQA

417.  Sesame Street Bubbles  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bzlSqQii2k&pp=sAQA

418.  Sesame Street Building Bridges  Murray's Science Experiments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esWQ7YsWwxc&pp=sAQA

419.  Sesame Street Building Rube Goldberg Machines Compilation!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMpmit5YMcg&pp=sAQA

420.  Sesame Street Bumble-Ardy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiQ49q7Ivd8&pp=sAQA

421.  Sesame Street Butterflies  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UO3qp4o1ang&pp=sAQA

422.  Sesame Street Butterfly Flapping Fun  Julia & Abby Cadabby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wn-a10Ko_38&pp=sAQA

423.  Sesame Street Butterfly School Pageant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtNnQ_1M99Y&pp=sAQA

424.  Sesame Street Buttermilk Biscuits with Honey  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWv23EAeLhc&pp=sAQA

425.  Sesame Street Buy a Wig from Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXtD5b8BG3c&pp=sAQA

426.  Sesame Street Bye Bye Binky Song  Put Down the Pacifier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFnnG8Ap01g&pp=sAQA

427.  Sesame Street Béla Fleck Plays Concerto For Banjo and Two Chickens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_dXQmxG9R4&pp=sAQA

428.  Sesame Street C is for Cookie  Animated Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3soC6VADpcw&pp=sAQA

429.  Sesame Street C Is for Cookie #2 with Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVg4mxMG_1Q&pp=sAQA

430.  Sesame Street C is for Cookie (with Pentatonix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8TF3gwuxiI&pp=sAQA

431.  Sesame Street C is for Cookie DVD preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUl4zKLOMMo&pp=sAQA

432.  Sesame Street C is for Cookie Side by Side  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ae2nTek3Bs&pp=sAQA

433.  Sesame Street C is for Cooking Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZlVpzxYLLA&pp=sAQA

434.  Sesame Street C is for Cooking with Anthony Mackie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxVZJrdww7I&pp=sAQA

435.  Sesame Street C is for Cooking with Stephen and Ayesha Curry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oz4WjWUJg0&pp=sAQA

436.  Sesame Street C is for Counting Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82vMuwDM-wg&pp=sAQA

437.  Sesame Street C is for Counting with Laurie Hernandez.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12PbaO_Vp1c&pp=sAQA

438.  Sesame Street C is for Crafts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rb2EB7J7TVA&pp=sAQA

439.  Sesame Street C-3PO and R2D2 Visit Sesame Street.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29G1BDqcqjI&pp=sAQA

440.  Sesame Street Cake Off Preview with Michael Che!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gykPZowW6pE&pp=sAQA

441.  Sesame Street Calling All Pigeons with Bert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oD1xuAJMak&pp=sAQA

442.  Sesame Street Cameron Diaz Habitat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AdHOSr06PQ&pp=sAQA

443.  Sesame Street Cameron Diaz Talks Trees With Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-O1RR-Pmdc&pp=sAQA

444.  Sesame Street Camila's Spanish Words Song  #ComingTogether.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sk-nsSmh3ic&pp=sAQA

445.  Sesame Street Camping Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOf4ds8jHds&pp=sAQA

446.  Sesame Street Can Read Song  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GsVagBrBrY&pp=sAQA

447.  Sesame Street Can You Rub Your Tummy and Pat Your Head.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNZEBkeRiEc&pp=sAQA

448.  Sesame Street Can You Spot the Letter C in Space.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpJrlNppj2A&pp=sAQA

449.  Sesame Street Can You Tell-y Me How to Get to a Billion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9hFAn4L05c&pp=sAQA

450.  Sesame Street Cantar (Sing)  Spanish Word of the Day #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4a-6GWr2gI&pp=sAQA

451.  Sesame Street Capoeira Dance Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxG0uh3SPw0&pp=sAQA

452.  Sesame Street Captain Elmo Cousteau Goes Underwater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fx-VbEIT3Y&pp=sAQA

453.  Sesame Street Captain Vegetable Looks for Superheroes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5y4Qzye4a4&pp=sAQA

454.  Sesame Street Car Mechanics  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57JCzFt7TCQ&pp=sAQA

455.  Sesame Street Cardboard Castle Sizzle featuring Issa Rae.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAnbDzrVRrA&pp=sAQA

456.  Sesame Street Caribbean Amphibian with Kermit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxKArhySbko&pp=sAQA

457.  Sesame Street Caring For Myself, Caring For Others  Different Ways to Wash Your Hands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPT3GirZxqw&pp=sAQA

458.  Sesame Street Carol of the Bells with Jennifer Hudson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SynQhWGWadU&pp=sAQA

459.  Sesame Street Carrot vs. Sweet Potato feat. Daveed Diggs & Rafael Casal  Elmo's Food Rap Battle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMJqPXsBkO0&pp=sAQA

460.  Sesame Street Cart Before Horse  Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaYZKfPIzqE&pp=sAQA

461.  Sesame Street Casey Affleck and Murray - Careful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXiBRErgRhw&pp=sAQA

462.  Sesame Street Catch all-new episodes of Sesame Street!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuaXVwDAEKk&pp=sAQA

463.  Sesame Street Catch the Cookie Thief!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Us1z_CXWZVU&pp=sAQA

464.  Sesame Street Catching Bubbles  Murray's Science Experiments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71u4hXpFGns&pp=sAQA

465.  Sesame Street Catching the Big Bad Wolf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYz32l2lXBo&pp=sAQA

466.  Sesame Street Cavemen Share a Chair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzxKkHHXS-8&pp=sAQA

467.  Sesame Street Cedric the Entertainer Canteen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_deOeGcEjJQ&pp=sAQA

468.  Sesame Street Celebrate Big Bird's Birthday  Give the Gift of Education.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHaMjSw8wpk&pp=sAQA

469.  Sesame Street Celebrate Black History Month Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szltLGjDTxs&pp=sAQA

470.  Sesame Street Celebrate Family DVD Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-gd_XJ-hhU&pp=sAQA

471.  Sesame Street Celebrate Rubber Duckie Day!  Songs and Clips Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeQPGVFSHC0&pp=sAQA

472.  Sesame Street Celebrate Thanksgiving!  Thanksgiving Songs Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sGu5WQibEE&pp=sAQA

473.  Sesame Street Celebrating the Halloween Festival!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdmdcMOJaDU&pp=sAQA

474.  Sesame Street Celebrations  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYsoVzzG2cM&pp=sAQA

475.  Sesame Street Celebrity Lullabies With Ricky Gervais.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jc20vMz0V7Q&pp=sAQA

476.  Sesame Street Celebs Sing Rubber Duckie Song with Bert and Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5PM6EWmyYc&pp=sAQA

477.  Sesame Street Celine Dion is Happy to Meet Herry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcNzs9kzdXY&pp=sAQA

478.  Sesame Street Cereal vs. Oatmeal feat. James Iglehart & Lynn Cheng  Elmo's Food Rap Battle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cUKWaCXZk4&pp=sAQA

479.  Sesame Street Chad Pennington Prepared.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1LwHEaT5oA&pp=sAQA

480.  Sesame Street Chaka Khan Sings about Faces with Elmo and Telly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41AnBAmEnRY&pp=sAQA

481.  Sesame Street Chalk R.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=if1TRq9duV4&pp=sAQA

482.  Sesame Street Change the World Song  Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9rxoHL9WbA&pp=sAQA

483.  Sesame Street Change the World Song  Power of We Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNVjpC32OWQ&pp=sAQA

484.  Sesame Street Change The World Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9X0lI_Ol9Y&pp=sAQA

485.  Sesame Street Changes Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yILapstvgzg&pp=sAQA

486.  Sesame Street Chaos at the Costume Party  Smart Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcrR4EAuDUU&pp=sAQA

487.  Sesame Street Chariots of Fur  Monsterpiece Theater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YYOYYoJEdc&pp=sAQA

488.  Sesame Street Charlie Puth Sings Sing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGlAw4uYUNQ&pp=sAQA

489.  Sesame Street Charlie's Ch Sounds  Waiter Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ky81MwcLrXE&pp=sAQA

490.  Sesame Street Charlie's Russian Restaurant  Waiter Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLKvckLRjrk&pp=sAQA

491.  Sesame Street Charlize Theron gets Jealous of Abby!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJmr2UnAeLU&pp=sAQA

492.  Sesame Street Chasing the Cheese.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMgS8UQzVgo&pp=sAQA

493.  Sesame Street Check That Shape (with Nick Jonas).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIRdMFo-h4U&pp=sAQA

494.  Sesame Street Cheer! (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLaqKxfxp64&pp=sAQA

495.  Sesame Street Chewing Gum Factory.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jvI0k1H0OI&pp=sAQA

496.  Sesame Street Chicken Cheerleaders Balance  Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDvgAyvZGT0&pp=sAQA

497.  Sesame Street Chinese New Year Dragon Dance with Elmo and Abby!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nD8R8iQr544&pp=sAQA

498.  Sesame Street Chris O'Donnell Activate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGbhlU4tGg0&pp=sAQA

499.  Sesame Street Christina Applegate Booth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sGZxFbvOpU&pp=sAQA

500.  Sesame Street Christmas with The Count Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7B5FsxL7Gk&pp=sAQA

501.  Sesame Street Cinco de Mayo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc6j5az1b3M&pp=sAQA

502.  Sesame Street Cinnamon Toast  Cookie's Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73IIFJffd-I&pp=sAQA

503.  Sesame Street Circus  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4enWk_dO5c&pp=sAQA

504.  Sesame Street Circus Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHVAtqfCtj4&pp=sAQA

505.  Sesame Street Claire Danes has a Cookie Diagram.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xq7jMc-mGq0&pp=sAQA

506.  Sesame Street Classic Animations Compilation  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwio5qGg8o4&pp=sAQA

507.  Sesame Street Classifying Family.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slpX9hWceNo&pp=sAQA

508.  Sesame Street Cobie Smulders shows Grover how to be Courteous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhVMDLY_A2s&pp=sAQA

509.  Sesame Street Coconuts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNGpyK9L_6I&pp=sAQA

510.  Sesame Street Cold Snowman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8Qkj2JfvCM&pp=sAQA

511.  Sesame Street Colin Farrell Investigate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEkjLahAsv4&pp=sAQA

512.  Sesame Street Colonel Travel New Zealand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtYqtVJpZQc&pp=sAQA

513.  Sesame Street Color My Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iId99LLQoq8&pp=sAQA

514.  Sesame Street Colors  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeO8VIx-jXA&pp=sAQA

515.  Sesame Street Columbus  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWWP1I84Yjc&pp=sAQA

516.  Sesame Street Come Along With Me Song feat. Elmo and Abby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7UNBj8t5K4&pp=sAQA

517.  Sesame Street Come and Play.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaTKfMJ3jd0&pp=sAQA

518.  Sesame Street Common and Colbie Caillat Sing Belly Breathe with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mZbzDOpylA&pp=sAQA

519.  Sesame Street Conan O'Brien Amphibian.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYf_rUl2TWA&pp=sAQA

520.  Sesame Street Confidence (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctNg0DgMa-o&pp=sAQA

521.  Sesame Street Construction Kids Cars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4sh9V3PeqY&pp=sAQA

522.  Sesame Street Conversations with Bert Andy Samberg, Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxg113O_SRI&pp=sAQA

523.  Sesame Street Conversations with Bert Andy Samberg, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhDIlSdpV-c&pp=sAQA

524.  Sesame Street Cookie and Herry Share A Bicycle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C11bXBjCBTM&pp=sAQA

525.  Sesame Street Cookie Bunny is Coming to Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lF-NUm1wAc&pp=sAQA

526.  Sesame Street Cookie Containulator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCble-4QPoQ&pp=sAQA

527.  Sesame Street Cookie Counter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6OWSf8_5J4&pp=sAQA

528.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Amor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBSMdDWljj4&pp=sAQA

529.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster and Ernie Make Apple Raisin Walnut Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJFdbBHmCKc&pp=sAQA

530.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster and Gonger's Adventures in London!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbULA2ci2wY&pp=sAQA

531.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Auditions for Saturday Night Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-PkQRh3QXA&pp=sAQA

532.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Buys A Rhyme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNvEYaGqFB4&pp=sAQA

533.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Eating Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQE0LQFFn3s&pp=sAQA

534.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Eats Galletitas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixuN-EDsBZQ&pp=sAQA

535.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Foodie Truck Compilation!  1 Hour Long.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHczBGKrHHw&pp=sAQA

536.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Graduation Speech  2020 Commencement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8_ZhfV757Y&pp=sAQA

537.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Happy Birthday Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8G9DPU6xnzY&pp=sAQA

538.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster It's Important.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5e6ftNpGsU&pp=sAQA

539.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Makes A Sandwich.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3w8sE72wmE&pp=sAQA

540.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Makes Kermit Mad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-Z1BFLteSw&pp=sAQA

541.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Paints a Cookie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8PuxtAbVmA&pp=sAQA

542.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Plays (Eats) Checkers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNigJZc8_UQ&pp=sAQA

543.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Plays What's That Snack #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvrG-TYvCos&pp=sAQA

544.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster S Sandwich Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECpwm2rd1bc&pp=sAQA

545.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Shares Cookies with Abby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nijaqk_yXus&pp=sAQA

546.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Sings About Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBVPu4wJGKQ&pp=sAQA

547.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Sings About Gingerbread Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxkQhd8ShLY&pp=sAQA

548.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Songs Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al_CT788Ry4&pp=sAQA

549.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Tiger Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quO4OFOEwzk&pp=sAQA

550.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Unboxes a Lunchbox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcTiEDy9NXA&pp=sAQA

551.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Unboxes a Pizza.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cg7b93l96N0&pp=sAQA

552.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster Unboxing a Package from the UK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPo2SWQR3T4&pp=sAQA

553.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster's Birthday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDe08Jy2PTQ&pp=sAQA

554.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster's Cookie Dance Challenge  Me Want Cookie #9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucp1g8MD9EI&pp=sAQA

555.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster's Disco Debut.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-Dpzl2a7cs&pp=sAQA

556.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster's Favorite Shape.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfNalVIrdOw&pp=sAQA

557.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster's Hungry Games  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcxI2OqHwbo&pp=sAQA

558.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAL-KBs8JvM&pp=sAQA

559.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster's Number 0 (New Number of the Day Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-nI7t2IJSY&pp=sAQA

560.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster's Number 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxD7P4aQ1DQ&pp=sAQA

561.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster's Number 2 (New Number of the Day Dance).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kgjvc7xd3gY&pp=sAQA

562.  Sesame Street Cookie Monster’s Letter of the Day N.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPi7v54uTrc&pp=sAQA

563.  Sesame Street Cookie of Oz (Wizard of Oz Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQ2taTzhwrI&pp=sAQA

564.  Sesame Street Cookie Relaxes on Pecan Sandy Beach  Smart Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKxBGHYwJ3Q&pp=sAQA

565.  Sesame Street Cookie Shark (Baby Shark Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IDLVs2gJDk&pp=sAQA

566.  Sesame Street Cookie Shark Lyric Video  Elmo's Sing Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRdhO4CN9fs&pp=sAQA

567.  Sesame Street Cookie's Choices  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ke7oztMpbqk&pp=sAQA

568.  Sesame Street Cookie's Crumby Pictures!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfoiWN48o5E&pp=sAQA

569.  Sesame Street Cookie's Crumby Pictures- The Biscotti Kid (Karate Kid Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6FDts-erVw&pp=sAQA

570.  Sesame Street Cookie's Letter of the Day N.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFqqPAlaf-M&pp=sAQA

571.  Sesame Street Cookies of the Caribbean  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjdjiRAOPWM&pp=sAQA

572.  Sesame Street Cookies of the Caribbean (Pirates of the Caribbean Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1__qqnfue0&pp=sAQA

573.  Sesame Street Cooking School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHNGGG6avqY&pp=sAQA

574.  Sesame Street Cool Counting Collection DVD Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdvnPKO9wpI&pp=sAQA

575.  Sesame Street Cooperation Swing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4iHcNxQprI&pp=sAQA

576.  Sesame Street Corn Bread  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4imlWhX9tyY&pp=sAQA

577.  Sesame Street Count 6 Cheeseburgers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUVDFrD_7s0&pp=sAQA

578.  Sesame Street Count Backwards with Elmo and Barkley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYcJbWCCl9Y&pp=sAQA

579.  Sesame Street Count Down to Christmas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOmCYWeZ4A0&pp=sAQA

580.  Sesame Street Count Me In.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArcJdbvem1g&pp=sAQA

581.  Sesame Street Count The 4 Bubbles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDFyB6DPE7A&pp=sAQA

582.  Sesame Street Count to 19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnONKrdNpj8&pp=sAQA

583.  Sesame Street Count to 50 by 10 with Elmo and Abby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgP0oZQi1YE&pp=sAQA

584.  Sesame Street Count to Nine with The Count.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB3HcyJfbG8&pp=sAQA

585.  Sesame Street Count's Fairytale Theatre Piggies Go to the Market.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QqLKkmcBzE&pp=sAQA

586.  Sesame Street Count's First Day of School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqXnwK0gBzk&pp=sAQA

587.  Sesame Street Count's Number of the Day -- 13.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_7ZkDFvmlA&pp=sAQA

588.  Sesame Street Count's Number of the Day 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHaJZxWSCUc&pp=sAQA

589.  Sesame Street Count's Number of the Day 4 (1361131).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDQU0CcVKFI&pp=sAQA

590.  Sesame Street Count's Number of the Day 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BNPqyJR4Is&pp=sAQA

591.  Sesame Street Counting  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjNigBmumLM&pp=sAQA

592.  Sesame Street Counting Backwards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X49P-MdYe_Q&pp=sAQA

593.  Sesame Street Counting Bats with the Count - Four.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AoxCkySv34&pp=sAQA

594.  Sesame Street Counting By Two's.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyfjlEE8oH0&pp=sAQA

595.  Sesame Street Counting Chicks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4UZdiVZH18&pp=sAQA

596.  Sesame Street Counting Furry Monsters  Grover & Herry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTzt4FUP858&pp=sAQA

597.  Sesame Street Counting Karate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJ3gktAmvII&pp=sAQA

598.  Sesame Street Counting on the Farm  Abby's Amazing Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNPQpmaWmTU&pp=sAQA

599.  Sesame Street Counting Robins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AR0GxHV-rU&pp=sAQA

600.  Sesame Street Counting Telephone Rings with Ernie  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfpq9JSSyAo&pp=sAQA

601.  Sesame Street Counting the Yous in YouTube.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sEUdmtyJ3U&pp=sAQA

602.  Sesame Street Counting Vacation with The Count.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjWVXNeJUGE&pp=sAQA

603.  Sesame Street Counting with the Count  Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwwYPxXmwEc&pp=sAQA

604.  Sesame Street Courteous (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpMfYtd5IZs&pp=sAQA

605.  Sesame Street Cowboy  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1WjSQpN1Fk&pp=sAQA

606.  Sesame Street Craig Ferguson Explains the Word Experiment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fPOAWsQ1c8&pp=sAQA

607.  Sesame Street Cranberry Muffins  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWwPFOQd2hw&pp=sAQA

608.  Sesame Street Creating a Story Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-5-ED4hgMg&pp=sAQA

609.  Sesame Street Crystal Cave Track  Magical Car Races #9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIXw-Nodp58&pp=sAQA

610.  Sesame Street D Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmvEQfJr6XM&pp=sAQA

611.  Sesame Street D is for Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lH3L5b_JCMY&pp=sAQA

612.  Sesame Street D is for Dinosaur.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZXlea85LZw&pp=sAQA

613.  Sesame Street D is for Doctor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfBUS8TqI4Y&pp=sAQA

614.  Sesame Street D is for Dress Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J89NPQAHzi0&pp=sAQA

615.  Sesame Street Dad Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0qEn6isoPA&pp=sAQA

616.  Sesame Street Dad Trips Over Skate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLWxNEI-AI8&pp=sAQA

617.  Sesame Street Daddy Helps With The Dishes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wq7hd8mW2J4&pp=sAQA

618.  Sesame Street Dance Like a Bear!  Animal Dance #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCkxFH1ZEEY&pp=sAQA

619.  Sesame Street Dance Like A Crane!  Animal Dance #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxpWWPntOio&pp=sAQA

620.  Sesame Street Dance Like a Fox!  Animal Dance #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_124RNGW1_M&pp=sAQA

621.  Sesame Street Dance Like a Horse!  Animal Dance #5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wWq48CC9zk&pp=sAQA

622.  Sesame Street Dance Like a Prairie Dog!  Animal Dance #6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6utpgRiBDI&pp=sAQA

623.  Sesame Street Dance Like an Otter!  Animal Dance #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZY2FTq4sj4A&pp=sAQA

624.  Sesame Street Dance Myself to Sleep with Bert & Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biAMh-xdvJc&pp=sAQA

625.  Sesame Street Dance Party DVD Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7nymg_lEJo&pp=sAQA

626.  Sesame Street Dance Theatre of Harlem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKdDDUHDBL8&pp=sAQA

627.  Sesame Street Dance With Murray.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsjSU4G3850&pp=sAQA

628.  Sesame Street Dancing  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9ZmXYNHyc0&pp=sAQA

629.  Sesame Street Dancing By 2 Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6KN6BYSf44&pp=sAQA

630.  Sesame Street Dancing Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WWHvJXKv3o&pp=sAQA

631.  Sesame Street Dancing Is Easy Lyric Video  Elmo's Sing Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSQRxdoXb3Q&pp=sAQA

632.  Sesame Street Dancing is Easy Song (with Jason Derulo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8UGx6HD23o&pp=sAQA

633.  Sesame Street Dancing Mashup #2  Elmo's World Theme Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UE3NM9lbB4Q&pp=sAQA

634.  Sesame Street Dancing Shoes Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtI63Nb_-w4&pp=sAQA

635.  Sesame Street Dancing With Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzCsCOZZ1wU&pp=sAQA

636.  Sesame Street Dave Matthews and Grover Sing about Feelings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Po5lHYJJQfw&pp=sAQA

637.  Sesame Street David Beckham Persistent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vq4wrPL1o4s&pp=sAQA

638.  Sesame Street David Disco Skates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUTQON7x0_k&pp=sAQA

639.  Sesame Street David Villa Joins Cookie and Rosita!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSETIWbabvo&pp=sAQA

640.  Sesame Street Dax Shepard and Abby - Amplify.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpsmVKhAg0M&pp=sAQA

641.  Sesame Street Debi Mazar Humongous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C74VXYEy-BM&pp=sAQA

642.  Sesame Street Debra Messing Nature.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1K5kTzO4zE&pp=sAQA

643.  Sesame Street Deck the Halls with Elmo and Audra McDonald.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrLgIakolhE&pp=sAQA

644.  Sesame Street Deep Sea  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCFNAoieCkQ&pp=sAQA

645.  Sesame Street Def Dance Jam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9Q5dnN699w&pp=sAQA

646.  Sesame Street Designing Cars  Murray's Science Experiments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjPD7d9crpI&pp=sAQA

647.  Sesame Street Desperate Houseplants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWbjqpmYKrw&pp=sAQA

648.  Sesame Street Detective  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M70jLiS-wj8&pp=sAQA

649.  Sesame Street Detective Elmo Looks for the Cookie Thief!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GT3AX6hWjMk&pp=sAQA

650.  Sesame Street Detectives Sneak Peek!  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsnZnlbw3mY&pp=sAQA

651.  Sesame Street Device Free Dinner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQ-RbWAwnx8&pp=sAQA

652.  Sesame Street Diana Ross Sings “Believe in Yourself”.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-kPYbQri3U&pp=sAQA

653.  Sesame Street Different Street.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIkrL7lDd-U&pp=sAQA

654.  Sesame Street Different Tastes with Elmo, Zoe, and Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-AbJcyy-HA&pp=sAQA

655.  Sesame Street Dig for Dinosaurs Song  Paleontologist Theme Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgFmeLdU_mo&pp=sAQA

656.  Sesame Street Ding Along Song with Bert and Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVVasKdtsKA&pp=sAQA

657.  Sesame Street Dino the Dinosaur Gets the Apple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9xzT61Lc4k&pp=sAQA

658.  Sesame Street Dinosaur Compilation!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmSWA0oVl4c&pp=sAQA

659.  Sesame Street Dinosaur on the Bridge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnCyJuleJSQ&pp=sAQA

660.  Sesame Street Dinosaur World Track  Magical Car Races.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyZIwL3hY30&pp=sAQA

661.  Sesame Street Dinosaurs on Sesame Street.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjTMkyAJiqs&pp=sAQA

662.  Sesame Street DIY Compilation  Do It Yourself!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EL5HXdBKAR8&pp=sAQA

663.  Sesame Street DIY Dog Toy with Nina, Elmo, and Abby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtLrtMJywas&pp=sAQA

664.  Sesame Street DIY Drums!  DIY #withme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-pR_nLoicE&pp=sAQA

665.  Sesame Street DIY Shark Backpack Costume with Nina and Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8PLA7QU8Z4&pp=sAQA

666.  Sesame Street DIY Sock Puppies with Nina, Elmo, and Abby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gafVGrXTNg0&pp=sAQA

667.  Sesame Street Do the Baby Boogie Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65SexLDsLvw&pp=sAQA

668.  Sesame Street Do The Bear with Baby Bear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6yxtKCcO4Y&pp=sAQA

669.  Sesame Street Do the Dinosaur Dance with Elmo, Rosita, and Big Bird!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCBtRUsGQzk&pp=sAQA

670.  Sesame Street Do the Guacamole Song  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgXfLe4l5aA&pp=sAQA

671.  Sesame Street Do the Propeller Song with The Wiggles!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRWgTm-CeKk&pp=sAQA

672.  Sesame Street Do the Turkey Gobble Wobble with Elmo and Abby!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuvejScpYpA&pp=sAQA

673.  Sesame Street Do the Z-Zigzag Dance!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwyaMOCGEL0&pp=sAQA

674.  Sesame Street Do you see the letter C in the Clouds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22ofSuWOyDc&pp=sAQA

675.  Sesame Street Do-op Hop With Kermit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pI5QX13eluQ&pp=sAQA

676.  Sesame Street Dog and Cat Race.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KIqlMs3sUY&pp=sAQA

677.  Sesame Street Dog Paddle Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQSwRsOVHUo&pp=sAQA

678.  Sesame Street Doin' the Grouch Dance!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2FV8HMqijU&pp=sAQA

679.  Sesame Street Don Cheadle and Elmo -- Inflate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPJ-K8lLj_E&pp=sAQA

680.  Sesame Street Don't Be a Bully.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjN9rqdNNVA&pp=sAQA

681.  Sesame Street Don't Rain on my Parade  Smart Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iyk96T40zBY&pp=sAQA

682.  Sesame Street Double Dutch With Olivia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEXy7nq-lYc&pp=sAQA

683.  Sesame Street Dr. Birdwhistle  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJWofzQh8c0&pp=sAQA

684.  Sesame Street Dr.No  Monsterpiece Theater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FK_xnI-HRok&pp=sAQA

685.  Sesame Street Draw Your Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvoHwrVIXSA&pp=sAQA

686.  Sesame Street Drawing  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtxYRysBbIE&pp=sAQA

687.  Sesame Street Drawing Things Me Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bX-5BpW-iSw&pp=sAQA

688.  Sesame Street Dream with Sesame Street  Story Time with Rose Byrne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_eqLqqf4U0&pp=sAQA

689.  Sesame Street Dress Up  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQJ54y6UT-8&pp=sAQA

690.  Sesame Street Drew Brees Measure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_cWUlRab5w&pp=sAQA

691.  Sesame Street Dribbling with Mom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5bATvqQt-k&pp=sAQA

692.  Sesame Street Drum Machine Pattern.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfZOqOokz_M&pp=sAQA

693.  Sesame Street Drumming School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fl7CexwmSh4&pp=sAQA

694.  Sesame Street Dwight Howard and Elmo's ABC.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hd-dUIJJJG8&pp=sAQA

695.  Sesame Street Eat Me, Drink Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sHTE_dmKj4&pp=sAQA

696.  Sesame Street Eat Together!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F99-Vs0gCHU&pp=sAQA

697.  Sesame Street Eating Apples.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9HQR6Puc7w&pp=sAQA

698.  Sesame Street Eating Cookies All Year With Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qGdXc2tH3s&pp=sAQA

699.  Sesame Street Eating Telephone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwXlP4ayHXI&pp=sAQA

700.  Sesame Street Ed Helms and Elmo - Grimace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9ogCT97OjU&pp=sAQA

701.  Sesame Street Ed Sheeran- Two Different Worlds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9_LOwDeMBA&pp=sAQA

702.  Sesame Street Eight Beautiful Notes Song  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSukMy8DyfY&pp=sAQA

703.  Sesame Street El Patito feat. Ernie and Rubber Duckie (Despacito Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iS6e3ZTuxC8&pp=sAQA

704.  Sesame Street Election Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRw4iuq498Y&pp=sAQA

705.  Sesame Street Elephant Check-Up  Abby's Amazing Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Vt67cQrYpM&pp=sAQA

706.  Sesame Street Elephant Elevator Operator Song  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQz8ChMRDOI&pp=sAQA

707.  Sesame Street Elephant Pose  Monster Yoga with Elmo and Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1khvJJ-NDx8&pp=sAQA

708.  Sesame Street Elisabeth Hasselbeck Camouflage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1uKTz0KyGc&pp=sAQA

709.  Sesame Street Ellen DeGeneres And Elmo Take Turns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNlj0cosD6E&pp=sAQA

710.  Sesame Street Ellie Goulding Thank You Clouds Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytQuBwWBjtc&pp=sAQA

711.  Sesame Street Elmo & Cookie Monster Supersized Fun!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eo1waoNIf-8&pp=sAQA

712.  Sesame Street Elmo & Ernie Sing After Me  Animated Text Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9Lgli7TgWs&pp=sAQA

713.  Sesame Street Elmo & the Noodle Family Play Peek-A-Boo (Elmo's World).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-1cI2_szC0&pp=sAQA

714.  Sesame Street Elmo & Zoe Show Full and Empty  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-90A573cx3w&pp=sAQA

715.  Sesame Street Elmo ABC Jump Games!  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofZ8SG1GqtM&pp=sAQA

716.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby and the Tissue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEFi0jemMJ0&pp=sAQA

717.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby Cool Off.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-I2v_8UxSYw&pp=sAQA

718.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby Find Fun at Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YURptlDaFlI&pp=sAQA

719.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby Have a Picnic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhwG971U7vU&pp=sAQA

720.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby Play Dress Up!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka9IcnmfdnY&pp=sAQA

721.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby Play without Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRYHUGxN1_M&pp=sAQA

722.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby Teach Open and Close.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_uh26oOGuw&pp=sAQA

723.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby Water a Plant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yE5A8-NGZbI&pp=sAQA

724.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby's Best Friend Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fz9EAar94w&pp=sAQA

725.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby's Picnic Basket.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHNPb_CxvHA&pp=sAQA

726.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby's Tire Swing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6R0VYdeRtcU&pp=sAQA

727.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby's Valentine's Day Song  Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBucKFSbECk&pp=sAQA

728.  Sesame Street Elmo and Abby's Valentine's Day Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlgnnIKMb5U&pp=sAQA

729.  Sesame Street Elmo And Big Bird Take A Break With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzFXfvZuLK0&pp=sAQA

730.  Sesame Street Elmo and Chris Sing about Feelings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3CdFn5sN7w&pp=sAQA

731.  Sesame Street Elmo and Christina Hendricks Discuss Technology.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4_ZVWUot2A&pp=sAQA

732.  Sesame Street Elmo and Cookie Play a Guessing Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgG6tXHru8c&pp=sAQA

733.  Sesame Street Elmo and Craig Robinson See a Pattern.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPC-xmeZi7k&pp=sAQA

734.  Sesame Street Elmo and Dwight Howard make a Strategy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-rIPVzwLrI&pp=sAQA

735.  Sesame Street Elmo and Emily Blunt Explore!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIl_5eUXsPg&pp=sAQA

736.  Sesame Street Elmo and Ernie Sing Rubber Duckie Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XZ27vGCDNU&pp=sAQA

737.  Sesame Street Elmo and Ernie's Band.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_5jSg3KKJI&pp=sAQA

738.  Sesame Street Elmo and Friends Animation Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uB8sr4oIKWY&pp=sAQA

739.  Sesame Street Elmo and Friends Favorite Things.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIeDTKzp2Ts&pp=sAQA

740.  Sesame Street Elmo and Friends Sing Jingle Bells  Christmas Songs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JljlTFLX9g0&pp=sAQA

741.  Sesame Street Elmo and Grover are Train Track Engineers  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxCqmC1_kv0&pp=sAQA

742.  Sesame Street Elmo and Grover Count in English and Spanish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VeFWSTLhtA&pp=sAQA

743.  Sesame Street Elmo and Grover Must Help Baby David.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fb9FzI-zspc&pp=sAQA

744.  Sesame Street Elmo and Grover Sing About Being Afraid!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nh74paUAmn0&pp=sAQA

745.  Sesame Street Elmo and Grover Sing Red & Blue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JKpbjtT4pY&pp=sAQA

746.  Sesame Street Elmo and Ice Cube are Astounded.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NV-WykC62LE&pp=sAQA

747.  Sesame Street Elmo and J.R. Martinez Talk about their Feelings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6u5see5bTA&pp=sAQA

748.  Sesame Street Elmo and Jesse Williams explain Furious.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYwbrihSxGU&pp=sAQA

749.  Sesame Street Elmo and Martina McBride Sing About Pretending.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIwRomgiiBc&pp=sAQA

750.  Sesame Street Elmo and Rabbit Discuss Practice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n99xtExw080&pp=sAQA

751.  Sesame Street Elmo and Rosita Teach Friendship.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59tKl37x1d4&pp=sAQA

752.  Sesame Street Elmo and Rosita Teach How to Play Inside!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0jp3MlHC3Y&pp=sAQA

753.  Sesame Street Elmo and Taye Diggs Sing Let's Go Driving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0sTnzr7a7E&pp=sAQA

754.  Sesame Street Elmo and Team USA Gold Medalist Sarah Hughes Discuss Persistence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMeypGfS6Ys&pp=sAQA

755.  Sesame Street Elmo and Team USA Olympic Boxer Marcus Browne Discuss Healthy Habits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0YK0gdBlCk&pp=sAQA

756.  Sesame Street Elmo and Telly Go To Two-Headed Monster School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evw8UwKqKBk&pp=sAQA

757.  Sesame Street Elmo and Telly Teach Backwards and Forwards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wT8NG4dmsfg&pp=sAQA

758.  Sesame Street Elmo and Venus Williams Imagine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf0QVAp8pB0&pp=sAQA

759.  Sesame Street Elmo and Whale Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FV5-N1wykfU&pp=sAQA

760.  Sesame Street Elmo And Zoe Pretend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOJ-lQHXZJo&pp=sAQA

761.  Sesame Street Elmo and Zoe's Opposites.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdD-dPIJRtE&pp=sAQA

762.  Sesame Street Elmo Can Be Quiet and Loud.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBUazXHlFlM&pp=sAQA

763.  Sesame Street Elmo Cheers for Billy Gardell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_Y9oJmPQJ4&pp=sAQA

764.  Sesame Street Elmo Exercises To Lang Lang's Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVi03CaprLA&pp=sAQA

765.  Sesame Street Elmo Halloween Game & Zoe Halloween Game!  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xBV2NGjvjk&pp=sAQA

766.  Sesame Street Elmo Happy Birthday Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UOn91JuNio&pp=sAQA

767.  Sesame Street Elmo Has a Freeze Dance Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mc3qGT5PlDQ&pp=sAQA

768.  Sesame Street Elmo Helps Zoe Ride a Scooter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTJA17_TAv8&pp=sAQA

769.  Sesame Street Elmo Inspires Grover with ELMOtivation!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9IYdBLeEAQ&pp=sAQA

770.  Sesame Street Elmo Interviews Chandra Wilson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOuwurbIs3E&pp=sAQA

771.  Sesame Street Elmo Interviews Jenny McCarthy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzrLDGnUCWs&pp=sAQA

772.  Sesame Street Elmo Interviews Randy Jackson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CahCpWOIUJ8&pp=sAQA

773.  Sesame Street Elmo is Headed to London!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nov9kNnVEwg&pp=sAQA

774.  Sesame Street Elmo is the First Monster President  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ow2d62IktE&pp=sAQA

775.  Sesame Street Elmo Joins Oscar's Band.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1THKI855qw&pp=sAQA

776.  Sesame Street Elmo Knows How to Listen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0-TWdekQ_M&pp=sAQA

777.  Sesame Street Elmo Laughing Compilation  Try Not to Laugh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwIuz-5t0YU&pp=sAQA

778.  Sesame Street Elmo Learns from Grover  Telegram Delivery Training.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tddMnvrFiqQ&pp=sAQA

779.  Sesame Street Elmo Learns to Stand in Line.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tc54joL1NrQ&pp=sAQA

780.  Sesame Street Elmo Loves Animals Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvWoBbCqruo&pp=sAQA

781.  Sesame Street Elmo Loves to Learn!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2ZAI6Lrr-k&pp=sAQA

782.  Sesame Street Elmo Loves Yoga  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCaNKRP4Byk&pp=sAQA

783.  Sesame Street Elmo Loves You and More Clips about LOVE!  Love Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-LSKIHdWAg&pp=sAQA

784.  Sesame Street Elmo Plays the Statue Game (Freeze Dance).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ux1H-Ckoy6U&pp=sAQA

785.  Sesame Street Elmo Plays What's That Snack #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJCeRlDb1n0&pp=sAQA

786.  Sesame Street Elmo Pretends to be a Chicken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF9OK3Jx-mE&pp=sAQA

787.  Sesame Street Elmo Riding A Tricycle Song  Animated Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OnePE82UfE&pp=sAQA

788.  Sesame Street Elmo Riding in the Park Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwOxxVsVsBk&pp=sAQA

789.  Sesame Street Elmo Scares the Pigeons with Bert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5einDQ-Ttc&pp=sAQA

790.  Sesame Street Elmo Shows Emotions with Zoe, Bert and Big Bird.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dO_I0harbQg&pp=sAQA

791.  Sesame Street Elmo Shows How to Exchange.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1v6Cj_12DM&pp=sAQA

792.  Sesame Street Elmo Sings About Circles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPROADxPfjU&pp=sAQA

793.  Sesame Street Elmo Sings About Sounds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_0YUkO9GfY&pp=sAQA

794.  Sesame Street Elmo Sings Happy Valentine's Day Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7c9Py8KpCPs&pp=sAQA

795.  Sesame Street Elmo Sings Old Macdonald Had a Farm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZwskb8_2H8&pp=sAQA

796.  Sesame Street Elmo Sings the ABCs Rap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0WELUxl7gc&pp=sAQA

797.  Sesame Street Elmo Sleeps Over at Telly's  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fXqD4Zm5Ms&pp=sAQA

798.  Sesame Street Elmo Slide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07p9Yc7mZbk&pp=sAQA

799.  Sesame Street Elmo Songs Collection #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yC-t9hiIE4w&pp=sAQA

800.  Sesame Street Elmo Stays Safe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu8HjkzIfag&pp=sAQA

801.  Sesame Street Elmo Teaches Abby How to Blow Bubbles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXzGUZLSGvE&pp=sAQA

802.  Sesame Street Elmo the Musical Compilation  90+ Minutes!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDitt0MNVC0&pp=sAQA

803.  Sesame Street Elmo the Musical Cowboy  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_xsK2VXtDA&pp=sAQA

804.  Sesame Street Elmo the Musical DVD Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K72xkpfUlIo&pp=sAQA

805.  Sesame Street Elmo the Musical Pizza  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teR1GuUm-8Y&pp=sAQA

806.  Sesame Street Elmo The Musical Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkX2hI6R58o&pp=sAQA

807.  Sesame Street Elmo Tries to Take a Nap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNrd0sLDP7s&pp=sAQA

808.  Sesame Street Elmo Wants to Play Ball with Abby!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7HlKKRFS-o&pp=sAQA

809.  Sesame Street Elmo Was His Name-O (BINGO)  Elmo's Sing-Along.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwGgpzV80RM&pp=sAQA

810.  Sesame Street Elmo Was His Name-O Lyric Video  BINGO Remix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxnl5UUPkws&pp=sAQA

811.  Sesame Street Elmo Will Make His Shot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIeTvHQ-iXo&pp=sAQA

812.  Sesame Street Elmo's African Safari  Story Time Adventures #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8u2efe70erg&pp=sAQA

813.  Sesame Street Elmo's Alphabet Challenge Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVPVz4BMKv8&pp=sAQA

814.  Sesame Street Elmo's Alphabet Soup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PPl5RrRuC4&pp=sAQA

815.  Sesame Street Elmo's Band  Me Want Cookie #5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjyXLgKIF0w&pp=sAQA

816.  Sesame Street Elmo's Bedtime Routine  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7d-ebQk7lU&pp=sAQA

817.  Sesame Street Elmo's Big Birthday Bash! App Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uKcDV_ETPY&pp=sAQA

818.  Sesame Street Elmo's Bubbles  Me Want Cookie #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6mBk9kCmMI&pp=sAQA

819.  Sesame Street Elmo's Bus -- Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04CiYwGN3Bk&pp=sAQA

820.  Sesame Street Elmo's Bus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E10HeOhuncM&pp=sAQA

821.  Sesame Street Elmo's Butterfly Friend Lyric Video  Elmo's Sing Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSIq3S1y6nE&pp=sAQA

822.  Sesame Street Elmo's Christmas Song  Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyTq7Gz_-XE&pp=sAQA

823.  Sesame Street Elmo's Christmas Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPi5C7q5aOk&pp=sAQA

824.  Sesame Street Elmo's Christmas Songs Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkqEWa6SZx4&pp=sAQA

825.  Sesame Street Elmo's Christmas Wish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we4uO0mtqCg&pp=sAQA

826.  Sesame Street Elmo's Debut  Happy Tapping with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kkXfkieWZg&pp=sAQA

827.  Sesame Street Elmo's Dinosaur Song Lyric Video  Elmo's Sing Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7_idwnt92w&pp=sAQA

828.  Sesame Street Elmo's Dinosaur Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvCMkDMcLCg&pp=sAQA

829.  Sesame Street Elmo's Ducks Bedtime Story  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6t-LUlKXKew&pp=sAQA

830.  Sesame Street Elmo's Ducks Lyric Video  Elmo's Sing Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6CX_atYwus&pp=sAQA

831.  Sesame Street Elmo's Ducks, Old MacDonald, and more clips about animals!  Animals Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HhilBKlsCk&pp=sAQA

832.  Sesame Street Elmo's Getting Ready for School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoJ7kIwQ22c&pp=sAQA

833.  Sesame Street Elmo's Got the Moves Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtDW8hxOrYk&pp=sAQA

834.  Sesame Street Elmo's Got the Moves Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dr7G3exr4Yg&pp=sAQA

835.  Sesame Street Elmo's Happy Dance Tutorial (Elmo's World).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYDkV3e10GE&pp=sAQA

836.  Sesame Street Elmo's Happy Dance with Celebs  #ELMOtivation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WmJEdye_gQ&pp=sAQA

837.  Sesame Street Elmo's Imagination Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnqSCL0cPvU&pp=sAQA

838.  Sesame Street Elmo's Jumping In Puddles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAPk9ycCbfc&pp=sAQA

839.  Sesame Street Elmo's Kindness Holiday Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ueI43VYfsQ&pp=sAQA

840.  Sesame Street Elmo's Learning about Animals!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jU9qTwpFCM&pp=sAQA

841.  Sesame Street Elmo's Learning About Cooking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tU4TAzSpv_U&pp=sAQA

842.  Sesame Street Elmo's Learning About Kindness!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trHsHWzu6Qw&pp=sAQA

843.  Sesame Street Elmo's Learning About Sports.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcxZ9EA8Jp8&pp=sAQA

844.  Sesame Street Elmo's Learning Some New Dance Moves!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OelFHN6fBiI&pp=sAQA

845.  Sesame Street Elmo's Magical Creation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_kuAZKKSwI&pp=sAQA

846.  Sesame Street Elmo's Monster Maker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VcEBxbaNYk&pp=sAQA

847.  Sesame Street Elmo's Morning Routine  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Udd1AlNB3Zc&pp=sAQA

848.  Sesame Street Elmo's New Years Resolution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dsGz6zsAKc&pp=sAQA

849.  Sesame Street Elmo's Nursery Rhyme with Kate McKinnon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBkboKqHI0s&pp=sAQA

850.  Sesame Street Elmo's Outer Space Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgcA_-uu9WI&pp=sAQA

851.  Sesame Street Elmo's School Friends  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRufzaT8FPc&pp=sAQA

852.  Sesame Street Elmo's Song  Animated Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9e2vZCZzrU&pp=sAQA

853.  Sesame Street Elmo's Song Side by Side  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwTeFProFcA&pp=sAQA

854.  Sesame Street Elmo's Song to Help His Apple Tree Grow!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eImKfbwXGQ0&pp=sAQA

855.  Sesame Street Elmo's Songs Collection #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3PvVBaL_NE&pp=sAQA

856.  Sesame Street Elmo's Songs Collection #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKCTG2a90a0&pp=sAQA

857.  Sesame Street Elmo's Songs Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slQpZyaciIg&pp=sAQA

858.  Sesame Street Elmo's the Kindest Superhero Song  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r1IL2ngusw&pp=sAQA

859.  Sesame Street Elmo's Virtual Hug  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4zRhFmlejI&pp=sAQA

860.  Sesame Street Elmo's World - All Day With Elmo Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYegK92FE5M&pp=sAQA

861.  Sesame Street Elmo's World All About Animals Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lj6DpineBtA&pp=sAQA

862.  Sesame Street Elmo's World Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nf3OuPzuhNE&pp=sAQA

863.  Sesame Street Elmo's World Baby Animals  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTxUGcd6Bdo&pp=sAQA

864.  Sesame Street Elmo's World Elmo Explores! DVD Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxxyrjnf3RQ&pp=sAQA

865.  Sesame Street Elmo's World Holiday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16NSvfwrEss&pp=sAQA

866.  Sesame Street Elmo's World News  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ivUmYhs-zo&pp=sAQA

867.  Sesame Street Elmo's World Penguins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_9rsnz01II&pp=sAQA

868.  Sesame Street Elmo's World Sharing  FULL Segment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxJI0LCbeDE&pp=sAQA

869.  Sesame Street Elmo's World Song with Instruments!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwyEaH5MBEE&pp=sAQA

870.  Sesame Street Elmo's YouTube Interview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZHSDjtD-dg&pp=sAQA

871.  Sesame Street Elmos Favorite Stories Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cb-r0uI96Z4&pp=sAQA

872.  Sesame Street Elmos Letter Quest & Other Magical Tales.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYdBW0t-e6U&pp=sAQA

873.  Sesame Street Elmo’s Playdate Preview #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5L3SKsergI&pp=sAQA

874.  Sesame Street Elvis Costello & Elmo Sing a Monster Went and Ate My Red 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxardpBReQc&pp=sAQA

875.  Sesame Street Emotions Dance  Abby's Dance Party #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwcFltsOfz4&pp=sAQA

876.  Sesame Street Emotions through Dance with Alvin Ailey Dance Theater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMDquZqH-EE&pp=sAQA

877.  Sesame Street Emotions With Margaret Cho.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTziMz8ukSg&pp=sAQA

878.  Sesame Street Empowering Hero Stance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueELB9tbTyo&pp=sAQA

879.  Sesame Street En Vogue Sing Adventure Song with Elmo and friends!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62cPnv4y84w&pp=sAQA

880.  Sesame Street Enchanted Lunchtime Song  Making New Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXubvVTKKUE&pp=sAQA

881.  Sesame Street Eric Stonestreet and Abby Cadabby - Remember.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WRQvZeD5LA&pp=sAQA

882.  Sesame Street Ernie And The Elephant Picture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxzEMLgieYI&pp=sAQA

883.  Sesame Street Ernie and the Honker Ducky Dinger Jamboree.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lGe95KqZKA&pp=sAQA

884.  Sesame Street Ernie Buries Bert in the Sand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cuu-l4X4sRk&pp=sAQA

885.  Sesame Street Ernie Change The Plan Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqp188Gx9Kw&pp=sAQA

886.  Sesame Street Ernie Comes Home From Camp  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brwZl8hhxeE&pp=sAQA

887.  Sesame Street Ernie Counts Backwards to Get to Sleep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LF3DSQIgNaY&pp=sAQA

888.  Sesame Street Ernie Counts Sheep To Sleep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xONikEykMaU&pp=sAQA

889.  Sesame Street Ernie Eats Cookies in Bed  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0gpqBCi7Q0&pp=sAQA

890.  Sesame Street Ernie Forgets That He's Special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyT3uwGwL2A&pp=sAQA

891.  Sesame Street Ernie Happy Birthday Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1imysN3Bco&pp=sAQA

892.  Sesame Street Ernie Has a Banana in His Ear  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwsmqZLCKPE&pp=sAQA

893.  Sesame Street Ernie Learns About a Scale.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JbJfBruim0&pp=sAQA

894.  Sesame Street Ernie Matches Cookies with Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1peTRc2HR5s&pp=sAQA

895.  Sesame Street Ernie Plays Baseball.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFiyWZEcUlU&pp=sAQA

896.  Sesame Street Ernie Plays What's That Snack #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvYxHXJuAiw&pp=sAQA

897.  Sesame Street Ernie Pretends with a Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cL12wpWl-rY&pp=sAQA

898.  Sesame Street Ernie Shows Bert How to Plan for a Bath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqLggXT6BvY&pp=sAQA

899.  Sesame Street Ernie Sings Do What I Do.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5ge96_dAXA&pp=sAQA

900.  Sesame Street Ernie Sings I Love My Room.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7Nly4_MB0Y&pp=sAQA

901.  Sesame Street Ernie sings Somebody Come and Play.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8VC5K6Yb5U&pp=sAQA

902.  Sesame Street Ernie Surprises Bert with a Puppy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJa2T-rrAbw&pp=sAQA

903.  Sesame Street Ernie Tries Oatmeal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqaXIDqjn9E&pp=sAQA

904.  Sesame Street Ernie Wants to Play Ball.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdmzfFZsDy4&pp=sAQA

905.  Sesame Street Ernie without Bert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VMKqjqawm8&pp=sAQA

906.  Sesame Street Ernie's Alphabet Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lK7THq9SlNM&pp=sAQA

907.  Sesame Street Ernie's Baby Cousin Ernestine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lb4BtlnKcQc&pp=sAQA

908.  Sesame Street Ernie's Dinosaur Day Care  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gASBiDij7o&pp=sAQA

909.  Sesame Street Ernie's Disguises.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4620EsDJDA&pp=sAQA

910.  Sesame Street Ernie's Gadget.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5k6XzubNJ4&pp=sAQA

911.  Sesame Street Ernie's Half-Eaten Sandwich.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bo_svGP-iO4&pp=sAQA

912.  Sesame Street Ernie's Quick Clean Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euMAKJuUoJw&pp=sAQA

913.  Sesame Street Ernie's Show and Tell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsoIbR66LvU&pp=sAQA

914.  Sesame Street Ernie’s Band.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-4DfycgMdU&pp=sAQA

915.  Sesame Street Ernlock Holmes  Bert & Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40ZE8VruNoI&pp=sAQA

916.  Sesame Street Eva Longoria Exquisite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7QrrHhBFNU&pp=sAQA

917.  Sesame Street Evan Lysacek teaches Elmo and Stinky about Confidence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBGcQ_gKvBc&pp=sAQA

918.  Sesame Street Every Bit O' Litter Hurts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Ig_kodRaww&pp=sAQA

919.  Sesame Street Everybody Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHiEvVK5D-0&pp=sAQA

920.  Sesame Street Everybody in my Family with Big Bird.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4HsbRUJC90&pp=sAQA

921.  Sesame Street Everybody Say Hola Song with Rosita and Zoe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDnQ9wRdUak&pp=sAQA

922.  Sesame Street Everyday Heroes Club Song (with Aloe Blacc and Elmo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BODa0g7pU5M&pp=sAQA

923.  Sesame Street Everyone is an Artist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3lRgP902eE&pp=sAQA

924.  Sesame Street Everyone Needs a Hug.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2i4AjozHag&pp=sAQA

925.  Sesame Street Examples of Everyday Heroes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55SbTdv2mRo&pp=sAQA

926.  Sesame Street Exercise With Grover (1460183).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afP5yWoVs6s&pp=sAQA

927.  Sesame Street Exercise with Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4Zpev3F-uY&pp=sAQA

928.  Sesame Street Explore a Fishing Boat!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfVr-JIOvIU&pp=sAQA

929.  Sesame Street Explores National Parks Gateway National Recreation Area -- Habitats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJiQTk0kus8&pp=sAQA

930.  Sesame Street Explores National Parks Gateway National Recreation Area -- Nests.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0W38qGPozw&pp=sAQA

931.  Sesame Street Explores National Parks Gateway National Recreation Area -- Seasons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSaqoQnL3Jc&pp=sAQA

932.  Sesame Street Explores National Parks Grand Canyon National Park - Seasons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nKUX_4Ih0M&pp=sAQA

933.  Sesame Street Explores National Parks Grand Canyon National Park -- Families.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CR6daGJEcPY&pp=sAQA

934.  Sesame Street Explores National Parks Grand Canyon National Park -- Habitats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5TP45E3IiY&pp=sAQA

935.  Sesame Street Exploring Outdoors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIMJsjhHDLI&pp=sAQA

936.  Sesame Street F is for Face.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0I-z9_Ead4&pp=sAQA

937.  Sesame Street F is for Fairytale.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0DALcyhkMA&pp=sAQA

938.  Sesame Street F is for Family.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxcJ44TuoHA&pp=sAQA

939.  Sesame Street F Is For Father.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgzIjXoSHtI&pp=sAQA

940.  Sesame Street F is for Float.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3gYWBu1NDI&pp=sAQA

941.  Sesame Street F is for Food with Padma Lakshmi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxXgAfRk7v0&pp=sAQA

942.  Sesame Street F is For Fox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9h9MDyPprA&pp=sAQA

943.  Sesame Street F is for Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6CB055rUc8&pp=sAQA

944.  Sesame Street Fairy Tale Fun! Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoIMSetHoF0&pp=sAQA

945.  Sesame Street Fairy Tale Land Birthday Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUYt-BNPPFs&pp=sAQA

946.  Sesame Street Fairy Tales Today Food Strike.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVdcxa11US8&pp=sAQA

947.  Sesame Street Fairytale Forest Track  Magical Car Races #11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dvRMSP3cSw&pp=sAQA

948.  Sesame Street Faith Hill and Tim McGraw Sing Take a Turn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xISlT2Tj8CA&pp=sAQA

949.  Sesame Street Family Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLLcIz6H2mw&pp=sAQA

950.  Sesame Street Family Day  Full Street Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iph6Sj44Zpo&pp=sAQA

951.  Sesame Street Family Food with Richard Dawson  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Rt6HMDAlAI&pp=sAQA

952.  Sesame Street Family Song with Gordon, Susan, and Miles  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feCj_4injyY&pp=sAQA

953.  Sesame Street Family Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ii_LtHrEiao&pp=sAQA

954.  Sesame Street Fans Sing Sunny Days Theme Song  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2K_v4ww1f0&pp=sAQA

955.  Sesame Street Far From Seven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyUZExVYGq8&pp=sAQA

956.  Sesame Street Farm Animal Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfIImuOW44w&pp=sAQA

957.  Sesame Street Farm School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZ7ZBCVhoko&pp=sAQA

958.  Sesame Street Farm Track  Magical Car Races #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AONLYq7xAl8&pp=sAQA

959.  Sesame Street Fast & Slow Competition with Cookie Monster and Telly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TNmi7QBaOY&pp=sAQA

960.  Sesame Street Fast and Slow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPBNx6eB18w&pp=sAQA

961.  Sesame Street Father's Day  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88XnLyYValM&pp=sAQA

962.  Sesame Street Father's Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGhejKrlOh4&pp=sAQA

963.  Sesame Street Faucet Workings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQvINHI9Tps&pp=sAQA

964.  Sesame Street Favorite Animals at the Children's Zoo  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwR8lqcO-Rk&pp=sAQA

965.  Sesame Street Fear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2ZB-1kDOdQ&pp=sAQA

966.  Sesame Street Feel Better Song with Elmo and Louie  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlsR6qVHmWs&pp=sAQA

967.  Sesame Street Feeling Hopeful with Elmo and Louie  PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6F3lVcAgl-8&pp=sAQA

968.  Sesame Street Feijoo Sisters Teach Zoe to Lambarena.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JW9tV1nIyPg&pp=sAQA

969.  Sesame Street Fetch a Pail of Water.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Q3YqD3cbTQ&pp=sAQA

970.  Sesame Street Fetch that Cookie!  Me Want Cookie #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3Aidk3vQQ4&pp=sAQA

971.  Sesame Street Find Blue with Elmo and Abby  I Spy Color Song #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTCJo2FXeng&pp=sAQA

972.  Sesame Street Find Colors with Elmo And Abby  I Spy Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuMODFk_BbE&pp=sAQA

973.  Sesame Street Find Green with Elmo and Abby  I Spy Color Song #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cW0izT3WCw0&pp=sAQA

974.  Sesame Street Find Orange with Elmo and Abby!  I Spy Color Song #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0fsIMCjVkM&pp=sAQA

975.  Sesame Street Find Pink with Elmo and Abby!  I Spy Color Song #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtGdHdSTr68&pp=sAQA

976.  Sesame Street Find Purple with Elmo and Abby  I Spy Color Song #7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROaxjciHVfQ&pp=sAQA

977.  Sesame Street Find Rainbow with Elmo and Abby!  I Spy Color Song #5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pItfGZ52Des&pp=sAQA

978.  Sesame Street Find Red with Elmo and Abby  I Spy Color Song #6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dmdanAsvKg&pp=sAQA

979.  Sesame Street Find the Hidden Letter U.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqAzXCOOD3Q&pp=sAQA

980.  Sesame Street Find The Letter A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56k2Y0rXlFs&pp=sAQA

981.  Sesame Street Find the Number 11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVFUNMytXWI&pp=sAQA

982.  Sesame Street Find the Number 14.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzdtDdAFUy8&pp=sAQA

983.  Sesame Street Find the Number 20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MownSnGPfnY&pp=sAQA

984.  Sesame Street Find the Number 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kRSPhccySc&pp=sAQA

985.  Sesame Street Find Yellow with Elmo and Abby  I Spy Color Song #8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOea0c-iI0c&pp=sAQA

986.  Sesame Street Fire Station Race Track  Magical Car Races #12.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qamghibNky0&pp=sAQA

987.  Sesame Street Firefighters in Training.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXNswj_o5Qc&pp=sAQA

988.  Sesame Street Fireflies Letter N.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4JqQuruBQ0&pp=sAQA

989.  Sesame Street Fireflies Letter W.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDt_NeI0vG4&pp=sAQA

990.  Sesame Street Firefly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87ogPpFLA4g&pp=sAQA

991.  Sesame Street Fireside Christmas Story with Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-fRbNNecpY&pp=sAQA

992.  Sesame Street Firework ABC's.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIOS6SnEfLA&pp=sAQA

993.  Sesame Street First and Last.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oltFGbA0mZc&pp=sAQA

994.  Sesame Street First Day of School with Cookie Monster  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rH1dAxXWy1U&pp=sAQA

995.  Sesame Street First Lady Michelle Obama and Big Bird Team Up to Help Get Kids Healthy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66pLVxQa8sc&pp=sAQA

996.  Sesame Street First Lady Michelle Obama and Big Bird Team Up to Help Get Kids Moving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXOswkMRLkc&pp=sAQA

997.  Sesame Street First Worms on the Moon!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38wxWb0xF9Q&pp=sAQA

998.  Sesame Street Five Kangaroos with Jessica Mauboy!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsUOqvi2b4M&pp=sAQA

999.  Sesame Street Five People in My Family (Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tsLSOF14sE&pp=sAQA

1000.  Sesame Street Five Words to Say More Often with Grover and Kid President.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5P8Al-JFCw&pp=sAQA

1001.  Sesame Street Fixing My Hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PQPF55Y-C0&pp=sAQA

1002.  Sesame Street Flamenco Dancing School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncPPVha9T6c&pp=sAQA

1003.  Sesame Street Flash Gizmo -- Fast and Slow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXvFRRogiCc&pp=sAQA

1004.  Sesame Street Floating Boats  Murray's Science Experiments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUO9GxCbuV8&pp=sAQA

1005.  Sesame Street Flower Shop  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jd7Y6OuMR88&pp=sAQA

1006.  Sesame Street Flowers Allergy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXmAgG6J5iI&pp=sAQA

1007.  Sesame Street Flowers Everywhere.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZcsrQFArXU&pp=sAQA

1008.  Sesame Street Fly Away Cookie  Me Want Cookie #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv2X-dJExWY&pp=sAQA

1009.  Sesame Street Fly With Elmo!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2blX9p1ugV0&pp=sAQA

1010.  Sesame Street Follow My Teacher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=My_PEdY_frc&pp=sAQA

1011.  Sesame Street Food Favorites!  Food Songs & Clips Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTz8GvgJQaY&pp=sAQA

1012.  Sesame Street Food for Thought Sizzle Reel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vjABx9kjQ4&pp=sAQA

1013.  Sesame Street For Me, For You, For Later - Elmo's Three Jars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzoxZG9OH5M&pp=sAQA

1014.  Sesame Street For Me, For You, For Later - Learning to Wait.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSY4mXSYLt4&pp=sAQA

1015.  Sesame Street Forest Whitaker & The Count Imagine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m_BzXq74WI&pp=sAQA

1016.  Sesame Street Forty Blocks From Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKyLzUT4svw&pp=sAQA

1017.  Sesame Street Forward Backward Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf0P6X_HW_g&pp=sAQA

1018.  Sesame Street Four Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-0b8I9z8oQ&pp=sAQA

1019.  Sesame Street Four Hours of Elmo's World Compilation!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kj7IPdFglvI&pp=sAQA

1020.  Sesame Street Fourth of July Song (Bye Bye Bye Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx6iZnmJC_A&pp=sAQA

1021.  Sesame Street Frankly, It's A Habitat Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B33uEhlt8wA&pp=sAQA

1022.  Sesame Street Friends  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shxYOwr7ZK8&pp=sAQA

1023.  Sesame Street Friends & Family Compilation  1 Hour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YE33njdKRwI&pp=sAQA

1024.  Sesame Street Friends Dance with Rosita and Zoe  Abby's Dance Party #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2KiXxee3qg&pp=sAQA

1025.  Sesame Street Friendship Songs Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y39ZPl-8WHQ&pp=sAQA

1026.  Sesame Street Froggy Jumps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4wLwonjDqg&pp=sAQA

1027.  Sesame Street Frogs in the Glen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gI77YPb_MEM&pp=sAQA

1028.  Sesame Street From the Market to Your Table.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llVw4yc7yE4&pp=sAQA

1029.  Sesame Street Fruit Parfait  Cookie Monster's Food Challenge #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vyekkKyDFw&pp=sAQA

1030.  Sesame Street Fruit Salad with Grapes  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzwqWQWkk_4&pp=sAQA

1031.  Sesame Street Fruit Smoothies with Milk  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZWmYE2TwNM&pp=sAQA

1032.  Sesame Street Fruit Snack Challenge  Cookie Monster Snack Chat #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zn6RBdKRlBc&pp=sAQA

1033.  Sesame Street Fruit Snacks for Kids  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOlpxcmZx_I&pp=sAQA

1034.  Sesame Street Fruit Stackers  Abby's Amazing Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_R_OFPU_NE&pp=sAQA

1035.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program - Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QerlKVfczG4&pp=sAQA

1036.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program - Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynCUzaj3wV4&pp=sAQA

1037.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program - Episode 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kl7WT6AtlxY&pp=sAQA

1038.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program - Episode 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tq-p8XjOgsU&pp=sAQA

1039.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program - Episode 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIGB_-0KhXw&pp=sAQA

1040.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program -- Episode 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAwJyLtnf5c&pp=sAQA

1041.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program -- Episode 11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEXGbN5suQQ&pp=sAQA

1042.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program -- Episode 12.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjvQ01DZa90&pp=sAQA

1043.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program -- Episode 13.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxEAybu4Gfs&pp=sAQA

1044.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program -- Episode 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=naun8OREpTA&pp=sAQA

1045.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program -- Episode 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaSOA3t1bhE&pp=sAQA

1046.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program -- Episode 8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYvskg7ZvK4&pp=sAQA

1047.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, A Mandarin Language Learning Program -- Episode 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7lysph567U&pp=sAQA

1048.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 14 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqDNBhKrTZQ&pp=sAQA

1049.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 15 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8P-1aWULd8&pp=sAQA

1050.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 16 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19-9CA9gwz0&pp=sAQA

1051.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 17 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQMbgNjJDXo&pp=sAQA

1052.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 18 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRnMb1FOrTc&pp=sAQA

1053.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 19 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay-W1195kAY&pp=sAQA

1054.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 20 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwLwgUXXJgs&pp=sAQA

1055.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 21 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQxqu1usmEA&pp=sAQA

1056.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 22 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nliHVZqLDbI&pp=sAQA

1057.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 23 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zgTI3IU9DU&pp=sAQA

1058.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 24 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92Y4L6dOXaI&pp=sAQA

1059.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 25 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kANhF2h-2-U&pp=sAQA

1060.  Sesame Street Fun Fun Elmo, Episode 26 (A Mandarin Chinese Language Learning Program).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avN9KM2yrAE&pp=sAQA

1061.  Sesame Street Fur Song with Elmo, Zoe, Grover, and Herry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bj7Ji1GtxUw&pp=sAQA

1062.  Sesame Street Furry Little Shadow Song with Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8jAEPMse4U&pp=sAQA

1063.  Sesame Street Furry Potter and The Goblet of Cookies (Harry Potter Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6ju2-IjWhs&pp=sAQA

1064.  Sesame Street Fuzzy and Blue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NSdNtOktHE&pp=sAQA

1065.  Sesame Street G (Glee Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCtEbKRTRgI&pp=sAQA

1066.  Sesame Street G is for Games Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mEzlAIdQ8M&pp=sAQA

1067.  Sesame Street G is for Garden.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIVKtoJDY8c&pp=sAQA

1068.  Sesame Street G is for Grover and Grow and Great!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGfZd3YEsDY&pp=sAQA

1069.  Sesame Street Galaxy M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-OAQn6E9pQ&pp=sAQA

1070.  Sesame Street Galleta (Cookie)  Spanish Word of the Day #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkrivO1jtQE&pp=sAQA

1071.  Sesame Street Game of Chairs (Game of Thrones Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhWUFXvaZjo&pp=sAQA

1072.  Sesame Street Garbageman's Blues Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzxkOb8gi-U&pp=sAQA

1073.  Sesame Street Garden  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnvuvQtuCpE&pp=sAQA

1074.  Sesame Street Gardening School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJX_PzlDp6U&pp=sAQA

1075.  Sesame Street Garth Brooks Sings about Different Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjn1eu7R2oQ&pp=sAQA

1076.  Sesame Street Geometry of Circles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9467zZV0Lc&pp=sAQA

1077.  Sesame Street George Lopez Explains the Word Liquid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ke5dDf1c1c0&pp=sAQA

1078.  Sesame Street George Washington Explains.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGdubHSIyQo&pp=sAQA

1079.  Sesame Street Get Along.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSt56lKyy_Q&pp=sAQA

1080.  Sesame Street Get on Up and Move!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wh3p4Qr8YM0&pp=sAQA

1081.  Sesame Street Get Up and Dance!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjHO64No3UY&pp=sAQA

1082.  Sesame Street Gets Through a Storm  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEz1yb3WPwA&pp=sAQA

1083.  Sesame Street Getting a Check Up  Grover's Health Minutes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNorXUnHCac&pp=sAQA

1084.  Sesame Street Getting to Count You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBeTq7p6las&pp=sAQA

1085.  Sesame Street Giant Monster Babies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7_JjQdqYww&pp=sAQA

1086.  Sesame Street Giant Race Track  Magical Car Races.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5_b_0TfSbk&pp=sAQA

1087.  Sesame Street Gift to Dorothy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSNn2-skVgQ&pp=sAQA

1088.  Sesame Street Gina Adopts a Baby (Part One).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYOKAIPJuh4&pp=sAQA

1089.  Sesame Street Gina Adopts a Baby (Part Two).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCld-Yd4YWg&pp=sAQA

1090.  Sesame Street Gina Explains Service Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXTX88WKHaE&pp=sAQA

1091.  Sesame Street Gina the Vet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2B986ct2Yc&pp=sAQA

1092.  Sesame Street Ginnifer Goodwin and Abby's Adventure!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwWZlNUED0I&pp=sAQA

1093.  Sesame Street Girls Track Team.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CbGYgUHZbA&pp=sAQA

1094.  Sesame Street Give it, live it, RESPECT feat. Common.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lwu5e0isKYE&pp=sAQA

1095.  Sesame Street Global Grover Clubhouse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKxGN8UhpVo&pp=sAQA

1096.  Sesame Street Global Grover Get To School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAburU-d__s&pp=sAQA

1097.  Sesame Street Global Grover's Animal Rescue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVWv6z6QKok&pp=sAQA

1098.  Sesame Street Global Grover's Peacock Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XTtrwnPPcA&pp=sAQA

1099.  Sesame Street Global Thingy - Bleep Can Play.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wacaXzWUl9E&pp=sAQA

1100.  Sesame Street Global Thingy -- Ladybug Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kqxo6qG9dac&pp=sAQA

1101.  Sesame Street Global Thingy Dino Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89d7ujNA9qs&pp=sAQA

1102.  Sesame Street Go Chickens song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7o53S5JROfg&pp=sAQA

1103.  Sesame Street Gold Fish in a Bowl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYPz2Vs4HUs&pp=sAQA

1104.  Sesame Street Goldmime - K is for Kite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_KxWnOrDWk&pp=sAQA

1105.  Sesame Street Goldmime - V is for Violin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W833tarttqk&pp=sAQA

1106.  Sesame Street Gonger's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HS46eEuxOI&pp=sAQA

1107.  Sesame Street Good For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKFJ2ah8XyQ&pp=sAQA

1108.  Sesame Street Good Manners with Cookie Monster and Sam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjWd2-Y5stY&pp=sAQA

1109.  Sesame Street Good Morning Song  Brand New Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUdkNR9le8M&pp=sAQA

1110.  Sesame Street Goodbye Little Cookie (Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvPZmbAxsMA&pp=sAQA

1111.  Sesame Street Goodnight, Numbers  Read Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMv_DXOicT4&pp=sAQA

1112.  Sesame Street Google Bugle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SdRkdvKy5WI&pp=sAQA

1113.  Sesame Street Gotcha! with Tom Bergeron.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNbr_q5pJcE&pp=sAQA

1114.  Sesame Street Grandparents Song feat. Elmo, Rosita, and Baby Bear!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNCroWI3uPM&pp=sAQA

1115.  Sesame Street Great Inventor -- Balloon Gloves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zD7_fx29-IY&pp=sAQA

1116.  Sesame Street Greg Kinnear Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgO5sMVwHCQ&pp=sAQA

1117.  Sesame Street Grouch Eye for the Nice Guy (with Oscar).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q22YDBVwuXs&pp=sAQA

1118.  Sesame Street Grouch Girls Don’t Wanna Have fun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lyf8mgC4hfM&pp=sAQA

1119.  Sesame Street Grouch Theatre Presents Scramalot!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFuPuIKylGM&pp=sAQA

1120.  Sesame Street Grouchology with Jason Jones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz7lMdVrCmA&pp=sAQA

1121.  Sesame Street Grover And Alphabet Soup  Waiter Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpRqMpRi_P8&pp=sAQA

1122.  Sesame Street Grover and Elmo Find a Pyramid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMXui3X_1tg&pp=sAQA

1123.  Sesame Street Grover and Elmo's Lemonade Stand  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pS2f8PdxYuE&pp=sAQA

1124.  Sesame Street Grover and Finally A New Waiter!  Waiter Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LogoZh3ceFc&pp=sAQA

1125.  Sesame Street Grover and Herb count to twenty..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48dffZiEyoE&pp=sAQA

1126.  Sesame Street Grover And Herry Explain Here & There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9m-kbBamg_U&pp=sAQA

1127.  Sesame Street Grover and Megan Visit the Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGNPKw7qnmc&pp=sAQA

1128.  Sesame Street Grover and Rosita and Triangles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDqChRDPnZc&pp=sAQA

1129.  Sesame Street Grover and the Butterfly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIMYHTM9fgg&pp=sAQA

1130.  Sesame Street Grover and the Elephant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Po4mag9osxY&pp=sAQA

1131.  Sesame Street Grover and Zachary Quinto are Flexible.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTryB55xbbY&pp=sAQA

1132.  Sesame Street Grover At the Movies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxD5yXfGeC0&pp=sAQA

1133.  Sesame Street Grover Bird Watches.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ku5XckST5XI&pp=sAQA

1134.  Sesame Street Grover Can Do It All.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjZ-5iQzbm4&pp=sAQA

1135.  Sesame Street Grover Comes In From the Cold  #ThrowbackThursdays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pk2t_IHVYLk&pp=sAQA

1136.  Sesame Street Grover Dances from Russia to Sesame Street (Global Grover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMYzKA4Es-I&pp=sAQA

1137.  Sesame Street Grover Demonstrates Next to A Mailbox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzpsnq6GRYU&pp=sAQA

1138.  Sesame Street Grover Explains Exit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRQmsSVdpsY&pp=sAQA

1139.  Sesame Street Grover Finds 5 Items To Beat The Game Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTlf9mSfBDg&pp=sAQA

1140.  Sesame Street Grover Finds the Letter A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ktuvc-Ejv3A&pp=sAQA

1141.  Sesame Street Grover Finds the Tallest Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqWvhs4uzPc&pp=sAQA

1142.  Sesame Street Grover Helps Piggies Up Creek  Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_7ZUOw3a0s&pp=sAQA

1143.  Sesame Street Grover In The Library.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zu8nz6XNdhg&pp=sAQA

1144.  Sesame Street Grover Inspires Vincent Van Dough.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCQwhzdXN3o&pp=sAQA

1145.  Sesame Street Grover Jumps for Joy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Chfi4TnoGNQ&pp=sAQA

1146.  Sesame Street Grover Makes Music in the Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeAD5sapHeo&pp=sAQA

1147.  Sesame Street Grover Near and Far  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9IuXEwpU7U&pp=sAQA

1148.  Sesame Street Grover Says S Is For Stop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nU1hNIrZU3w&pp=sAQA

1149.  Sesame Street Grover Searches the Amazonian Rainforest  Story Time Adventures #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3jS39MmLy0&pp=sAQA

1150.  Sesame Street Grover Serves A Sandwich  Waiter Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIucCUyZF0g&pp=sAQA

1151.  Sesame Street Grover Shows Force.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxjmyQHDsak&pp=sAQA

1152.  Sesame Street Grover Shows Near and Far from Home!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQ_tK7F6hA0&pp=sAQA

1153.  Sesame Street Grover Shows Near and Far in VR 180 Video!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yaXHgXD2Oo&pp=sAQA

1154.  Sesame Street Grover Shows Us Back & Front.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_ceqB5GYdU&pp=sAQA

1155.  Sesame Street Grover Sings Monster at the End Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxw4aAvBPzU&pp=sAQA

1156.  Sesame Street Grover Stars in Smell Like A Monster..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkd5dJIVjgM&pp=sAQA

1157.  Sesame Street Grover Surfing Near and Far.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eXuHN8efZU&pp=sAQA

1158.  Sesame Street Grover Talks About Plants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDjFZVqiLvY&pp=sAQA

1159.  Sesame Street Grover Talks About Sharing Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6HiKlcNhFU&pp=sAQA

1160.  Sesame Street Grover Talks About Sharing Toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USNyHT6qjI8&pp=sAQA

1161.  Sesame Street Grover the Flight Attendant Looks for Something to Read.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZW3SdfYBRhM&pp=sAQA

1162.  Sesame Street Grover the Lifeguard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwoaQri0jUQ&pp=sAQA

1163.  Sesame Street Grover the Pilot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTQqnfg9E5M&pp=sAQA

1164.  Sesame Street Grover Wants to Travel  Waiter Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxEKEEE47LU&pp=sAQA

1165.  Sesame Street Grover Weather Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmO9cjsj1zc&pp=sAQA

1166.  Sesame Street Grover's Birthday Delivery  Imagination Destination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOzoxlOuIW8&pp=sAQA

1167.  Sesame Street Grover's Chicken Castle  Waiter Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GH2GgMDurQY&pp=sAQA

1168.  Sesame Street Grover's Fairytale.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RacXHL0rNLA&pp=sAQA

1169.  Sesame Street Grover's Frame Shop  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Sg9ucFEwdE&pp=sAQA

1170.  Sesame Street Grover's Graduation Speech  #ELMOtivation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCBsanBbQiM&pp=sAQA

1171.  Sesame Street Grover's Jobs Through the Years Mashup  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smMJew9yl1w&pp=sAQA

1172.  Sesame Street Grover's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJ1M1Gt16IU&pp=sAQA

1173.  Sesame Street Grover's Magic Trick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqryUC5xrTs&pp=sAQA

1174.  Sesame Street Grover's Mishaps Mashup  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzv5d_pBNwY&pp=sAQA

1175.  Sesame Street Grover's Rhyme Time  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRZMHHLGkJ0&pp=sAQA

1176.  Sesame Street Grover's Taxi  #ThrowbackThursdays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFw68ktELvA&pp=sAQA

1177.  Sesame Street Grover's Winter Games  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2d6oOqa8sY&pp=sAQA

1178.  Sesame Street Grover's Workout Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sl86AqV0bvs&pp=sAQA

1179.  Sesame Street Grover’s Fast Food Restaurant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvM49lQYBNs&pp=sAQA

1180.  Sesame Street Grow Your Colors  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODOZ0wrpqNU&pp=sAQA

1181.  Sesame Street Growing Hope Against Hunger Highlight Reel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhJ6hfbn4x8&pp=sAQA

1182.  Sesame Street Guacamole  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIfLx5SCHk0&pp=sAQA

1183.  Sesame Street Guess that Animal with Big Bird.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-XJk6W2Im4&pp=sAQA

1184.  Sesame Street Guess the Seasons Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_tadm4uaQ4&pp=sAQA

1185.  Sesame Street Guess What's For Dinner  Dinner Theatre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqOXT7ZcaiQ&pp=sAQA

1186.  Sesame Street Guess Who Game with Ernie  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GoqHTBVPqw&pp=sAQA

1187.  Sesame Street Guitar Drawing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSfP3bzyyuA&pp=sAQA

1188.  Sesame Street Gustavo Dudamel and Elmo Stupendous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEZj0yjfzbc&pp=sAQA

1189.  Sesame Street Guy Smiley Playlist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJsjLJChwHM&pp=sAQA

1190.  Sesame Street Guys and Dolls  Monsterpiece Theater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXluTl1K8x4&pp=sAQA

1191.  Sesame Street Gwendoline Christie's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLfOrdhjXIw&pp=sAQA

1192.  Sesame Street Gymnastics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cyi03w02SmA&pp=sAQA

1193.  Sesame Street H is for Halloween.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPTJSTts9DQ&pp=sAQA

1194.  Sesame Street H is for Healthy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0Y13sP8xhU&pp=sAQA

1195.  Sesame Street H is for Holiday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgNKp6vgrSw&pp=sAQA

1196.  Sesame Street H is for Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=od6QqxSbKUg&pp=sAQA

1197.  Sesame Street Habitat for You Song with Elmo and Abby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tM3hh0JiKl4&pp=sAQA

1198.  Sesame Street Hailee Steinfeld Sings I Wonder, What if, Let's Try!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7hBlSbh4BY&pp=sAQA

1199.  Sesame Street Haircut Song with Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDWwmwct91U&pp=sAQA

1200.  Sesame Street Halle Berry and Elmo - Nibble.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2c4cQBCeq30&pp=sAQA

1201.  Sesame Street Halloween Compilation #2  Happy Halloween.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shbi4VD2yAM&pp=sAQA

1202.  Sesame Street Halloween Parodies Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akX1h3Z-9Hk&pp=sAQA

1203.  Sesame Street Hand Painted - T is for Turkey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_xD5hP00_8&pp=sAQA

1204.  Sesame Street Hank Azaria and Elmo look for Imposters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zmyy3pIZ8I0&pp=sAQA

1205.  Sesame Street Hansel and Gretel's Healthy Storybook Moment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uKR4iPyheU&pp=sAQA

1206.  Sesame Street Happiness is Looking Up (and Finding Cookies).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOjln5BG3Ko&pp=sAQA

1207.  Sesame Street Happy  Sad Balloons with Big Bird and Telly Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTXlrWumPqA&pp=sAQA

1208.  Sesame Street Happy  Sad Cookie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vg1UxpUezLE&pp=sAQA

1209.  Sesame Street Happy and You Know It  Elmo's Sing Along #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMi76WLPA_k&pp=sAQA

1210.  Sesame Street Happy Birthday Song  2 Years Old!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXqxpcTnBC4&pp=sAQA

1211.  Sesame Street Happy Birthday Song  3 Years Old!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Oh8N84HNNQ&pp=sAQA

1212.  Sesame Street Happy Birthday Song  You're Four!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNQH2QXaLVw&pp=sAQA

1213.  Sesame Street Happy Birthday Songs! (Elmo, Cookie, Abby, Ernie).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-_xhn_PhSY&pp=sAQA

1214.  Sesame Street Happy Black History Month!  Power of We Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCSitjwouKQ&pp=sAQA

1215.  Sesame Street Happy Furry Monsters Song with R.E.M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9G1FhQUnSo&pp=sAQA

1216.  Sesame Street Happy Halloween!  Halloween Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNbbX04bXZw&pp=sAQA

1217.  Sesame Street Happy Holidays!  Holiday Songs Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGL9QmLdZ8Y&pp=sAQA

1218.  Sesame Street Happy Lunar New Year Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYGuqpJuxho&pp=sAQA

1219.  Sesame Street Happy New Year Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVl8QXijK_Q&pp=sAQA

1220.  Sesame Street Happy Thoughts Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-ob8sr9ZX0&pp=sAQA

1221.  Sesame Street Harlem Globetrotters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fAL8-adBeQ&pp=sAQA

1222.  Sesame Street Harvey Fierstein Sings About Noses!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDRuZpcCV7g&pp=sAQA

1223.  Sesame Street Harvey Zork Visits Australia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAdDkChd1ZA&pp=sAQA

1224.  Sesame Street Has Anybody Seen My Dog with Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dPm5dLEwwQ&pp=sAQA

1225.  Sesame Street Haunted House.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCH5OLWSdM4&pp=sAQA

1226.  Sesame Street He's Mad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CO0KYi5HgGk&pp=sAQA

1227.  Sesame Street Head Shoulders Knees and Toes  Fun in the Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-oBC6-7osw&pp=sAQA

1228.  Sesame Street Head Shoulders Knees and Toes with Abby!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dy0cfbFURG0&pp=sAQA

1229.  Sesame Street Head Shoulders Knees and Toes with Elmo & the Noodle Family (Elmo's World).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pk138oNqByk&pp=sAQA

1230.  Sesame Street Healthy Cookie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEMdIqMqYXk&pp=sAQA

1231.  Sesame Street Healthy Family with Elmo and Louie  PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79PpRC5BZVo&pp=sAQA

1232.  Sesame Street Healthy Habits with Grover PSA  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGhzfjXSjGE&pp=sAQA

1233.  Sesame Street Healthy Snack With Elmo And Ben.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYwECinS1u4&pp=sAQA

1234.  Sesame Street Healthy Teeth Healthy Me Sizzle Reel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEdhuX146is&pp=sAQA

1235.  Sesame Street Healthy Teeth, Healthy Me Brushy Brush PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxMrtK-kYnE&pp=sAQA

1236.  Sesame Street Healthy Teeth, Healthy Me Launch!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIAFcSDk4s0&pp=sAQA

1237.  Sesame Street Hearts of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-buAVtMPvQY&pp=sAQA

1238.  Sesame Street Heave Ho Addition Song  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dw7YxxQmglM&pp=sAQA

1239.  Sesame Street Heavyweight Champion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UK6DOkdmP_Y&pp=sAQA

1240.  Sesame Street Heidi Klum Compliment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOryAGXqXBI&pp=sAQA

1241.  Sesame Street Hello Song with Elmo, Abby, and Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h83AEMWKuhM&pp=sAQA

1242.  Sesame Street Hello, Halloween Lyric Video  Elmo's Sing Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqJWqlFsMGs&pp=sAQA

1243.  Sesame Street Hello, Halloween!  Halloween Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USaur1hAxQs&pp=sAQA

1244.  Sesame Street Henry Cavill & Elmo teach Respect to the Big Bad Wolf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FY4qNs4onYQ&pp=sAQA

1245.  Sesame Street Here for You Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSDd9OkOE5g&pp=sAQA

1246.  Sesame Street Here Is Your Life Bread.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BW9B7fP-Qg8&pp=sAQA

1247.  Sesame Street Here We Go Song with Dave Grohl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rv7RgK2Da2s&pp=sAQA

1248.  Sesame Street Heroes in Your Neighborhood Song  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cfi4EfQSFMU&pp=sAQA

1249.  Sesame Street Herry and Baxter Show Letter H  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umCvD0ANy04&pp=sAQA

1250.  Sesame Street Herry and Michael Talk About Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gLimWYRzbw&pp=sAQA

1251.  Sesame Street Herry Learns the Body Parts in Spanish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi5g9mpwcDQ&pp=sAQA

1252.  Sesame Street Herry Monster's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcwSlaaZW9A&pp=sAQA

1253.  Sesame Street Herry Sings Furry Blue Mommy of Mine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_yTFLIuucM&pp=sAQA

1254.  Sesame Street Herry’s Exercise Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6B8Fbf5EuM&pp=sAQA

1255.  Sesame Street Hey Diddle Diddle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caRuhprYlOQ&pp=sAQA

1256.  Sesame Street Highlight Reel of What We Are Debut!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTK2oMjlQaQ&pp=sAQA

1257.  Sesame Street Highlights from Sesame Street for Military Families Panel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvBAGfL3z1M&pp=sAQA

1258.  Sesame Street Hispanic Heritage Fiesta Compilation with Rosita, Elmo, and more!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0jciDAQINs&pp=sAQA

1259.  Sesame Street Hola Gloria! (Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eA-X4P5EBo&pp=sAQA

1260.  Sesame Street Holding Hands with Biff (Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-MFiMvZTAI&pp=sAQA

1261.  Sesame Street Holiday Dress Up Time  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yz7G9NSbwMM&pp=sAQA

1262.  Sesame Street Holiday Helpers  Power of We Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkRvGUXFj-4&pp=sAQA

1263.  Sesame Street Holiday Lights Lyric Video  Elmo's Sing Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4o0vVg40MS4&pp=sAQA

1264.  Sesame Street Holiday Songs Compilation #2  40 minutes +.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtbddbJTLZs&pp=sAQA

1265.  Sesame Street Home Run On The Range.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOwrJaGKTCg&pp=sAQA

1266.  Sesame Street Homelamb (Homeland Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1zL106SGZ8&pp=sAQA

1267.  Sesame Street Homes  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDJpcR6OSOc&pp=sAQA

1268.  Sesame Street Honeybee Hullaballoo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azBiHYRV2Mw&pp=sAQA

1269.  Sesame Street Honk If You Love Librarians Sizzle with Zoë Kravitz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsT5tnNA7Pk&pp=sAQA

1270.  Sesame Street Hoots and Wynton Marsalis Play Jazz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6eNWXiFj-k&pp=sAQA

1271.  Sesame Street Hop This Way Song with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeEnR6ra3BM&pp=sAQA

1272.  Sesame Street Horses Count to 20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59L7IeqQVto&pp=sAQA

1273.  Sesame Street Hortense and 1 Drum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-miLad6miE&pp=sAQA

1274.  Sesame Street Hortense and 4 Ants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVPZSPwDKNE&pp=sAQA

1275.  Sesame Street Hot and Cold Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBnr8_wO09k&pp=sAQA

1276.  Sesame Street House of Bricks (House of Cards Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92NXMtVtv8o&pp=sAQA

1277.  Sesame Street How Bert Rolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHk1bmet07A&pp=sAQA

1278.  Sesame Street How do Elmo and Abby Get Ready for Bed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cH7C_0OPt1c&pp=sAQA

1279.  Sesame Street How Do You Draw an Astronaut.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK05Ibn7hMk&pp=sAQA

1280.  Sesame Street How Do You Get from Here to There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWo2EuOSJbw&pp=sAQA

1281.  Sesame Street How Fun A Book Can Be (song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aIVXKmKNAo&pp=sAQA

1282.  Sesame Street How John Legend Makes His Daughter Laugh  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtah0V7D9RE&pp=sAQA

1283.  Sesame Street How Many People are in this Family.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INNDqml6yrM&pp=sAQA

1284.  Sesame Street How Much Wood Can a Woodchuck Chuck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQwpcqbZ3IQ&pp=sAQA

1285.  Sesame Street How Old Are You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGXpVJYd0yY&pp=sAQA

1286.  Sesame Street How They Became Bert & Ernie (Fresh Prince of Bel Air Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZufQD3ydjk&pp=sAQA

1287.  Sesame Street How to be a Good Sport (Training Sequence).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DE71KjKe0c&pp=sAQA

1288.  Sesame Street How to Be A Super Hero with Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nPlFK36AWA&pp=sAQA

1289.  Sesame Street How to be an Upstander to Racism Song  #ComingTogether.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddinvnj7PWg&pp=sAQA

1290.  Sesame Street How to Build a Snowman (with Bert and Ernie).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmdOe1hjW-s&pp=sAQA

1291.  Sesame Street How to Eat Like Cookie Monster with Olympic Athletes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktkbGfrxQhc&pp=sAQA

1292.  Sesame Street How to Help Stage Fright  Abby's Advice #5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qp4wy-nvOqA&pp=sAQA

1293.  Sesame Street How to Make Party Hats!  DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqkCk9g-phE&pp=sAQA

1294.  Sesame Street How to Make S'mores!  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCKhQRNpjig&pp=sAQA

1295.  Sesame Street How to Self Hug with Abby Cadabby  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xa_qNH8u3OM&pp=sAQA

1296.  Sesame Street How to Sneeze and Cough Safely with Grover  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp9z3yaxkSI&pp=sAQA

1297.  Sesame Street How You Play the Game Song  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMXhWPMhO08&pp=sAQA

1298.  Sesame Street Howie Mandell Ticklish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mW2NQ89aX_8&pp=sAQA

1299.  Sesame Street Hugh Jackman Concentrate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh9BVFQTJRU&pp=sAQA

1300.  Sesame Street Humpty Dumpty Safety Helmet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=no_EGK6IbEw&pp=sAQA

1301.  Sesame Street Humpty Dumpty's Fall  Monster Fixers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmWt4dXEOAQ&pp=sAQA

1302.  Sesame Street Hungry Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDmrH4nAAys&pp=sAQA

1303.  Sesame Street Hungry Letter M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAXl1zbEavY&pp=sAQA

1304.  Sesame Street Hurray Hurrah For Broccoli with Abby  Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCx746letak&pp=sAQA

1305.  Sesame Street Hurray-Hurrah For Broccoli.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQEhmMd1fmA&pp=sAQA

1306.  Sesame Street I - In the Sky Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NG1nCrnUim4&pp=sAQA

1307.  Sesame Street I Am Important (Count Me In).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VST6JIES8jg&pp=sAQA

1308.  Sesame Street I Am Original (Count Me In).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ud8T0rbkTFI&pp=sAQA

1309.  Sesame Street I Am Outstanding (Count Me In).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CXSrZjE1go&pp=sAQA

1310.  Sesame Street I Am Special (Count Me In).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9sQsHMJk6s&pp=sAQA

1311.  Sesame Street I Am Special with Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gms-Yk7mzv4&pp=sAQA

1312.  Sesame Street I Am Your Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwdXGyiMJ0g&pp=sAQA

1313.  Sesame Street I Can Remember.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEy0SwYtWR8&pp=sAQA

1314.  Sesame Street I Can Sing Lyric Video  Elmo's Sing Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTRVymSqJO4&pp=sAQA

1315.  Sesame Street I Can Sing with Elmo and Abby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLEcNjJerjM&pp=sAQA

1316.  Sesame Street I Don't Want to Live on the Moon  Animated Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGhxemtWXq4&pp=sAQA

1317.  Sesame Street I Don't Want to Live on the Moon with Ernie (Lennon and Maisy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLyuD9gvQfY&pp=sAQA

1318.  Sesame Street I Feel Proud Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bh9GotA5Zvo&pp=sAQA

1319.  Sesame Street I Get There Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bnv-2OLuhk&pp=sAQA

1320.  Sesame Street I is for Instruments with Little Big Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hQo99MLGKE&pp=sAQA

1321.  Sesame Street I Love Being Me Song  #ComingTogether.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuDZOYyfg6g&pp=sAQA

1322.  Sesame Street I Love My Family Song with Julia's Family.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuI7n5V-hHk&pp=sAQA

1323.  Sesame Street I Love My Hair Song (Mando's Spanish Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYMsiwjAY0w&pp=sAQA

1324.  Sesame Street I Love the Letter B.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9o1nbcwn_c0&pp=sAQA

1325.  Sesame Street I Love the Letter E.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2jY4ot71zc&pp=sAQA

1326.  Sesame Street I Love Trash  Animated Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJekxVILnhw&pp=sAQA

1327.  Sesame Street I Love Trash  Sesame Street Rewind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXjuPwRMtq4&pp=sAQA

1328.  Sesame Street I Love Trash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxgWHzMvXOY&pp=sAQA

1329.  Sesame Street I Love You Just Like This  Story Time with Gorgi Coghlan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PI_TcslQv1w&pp=sAQA

1330.  Sesame Street I Spy with Elmo and Rosita  Car Game #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPwIrED3nDc&pp=sAQA

1331.  Sesame Street I Think It's Wonderful Song  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOLuZWeclaY&pp=sAQA

1332.  Sesame Street I Tried Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UD_LSl5sagE&pp=sAQA

1333.  Sesame Street I Want a Snuffy for Christmas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_8foNzuFgY&pp=sAQA

1334.  Sesame Street I Wish I Had A Friend to Play With Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLomXqGodOI&pp=sAQA

1335.  Sesame Street I Wonder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwAd8QZb9Ok&pp=sAQA

1336.  Sesame Street I'll Be Seeing U  Sunny Days Ahead PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaFA7uTbe-c&pp=sAQA

1337.  Sesame Street I'm 1 Too!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kVW4aluDsc&pp=sAQA

1338.  Sesame Street I'm Cold Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srQkLGsNy_M&pp=sAQA

1339.  Sesame Street I'm Talkin' Love Song with Trisha Yearwood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ol7AUZHt-z0&pp=sAQA

1340.  Sesame Street Ian McKellen Teaches Cookie Monster to Resist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxCplsdCwxY&pp=sAQA

1341.  Sesame Street Ice Skating School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSbEHO5uRos&pp=sAQA

1342.  Sesame Street Ice-T Rhymes (Word of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6113YVKSa4&pp=sAQA

1343.  Sesame Street Idina Menzel and Tay Diggs Allergic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYab-OmaCKo&pp=sAQA

1344.  Sesame Street If Cookie Had Abby's Wand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pap9mgC0GlU&pp=sAQA

1345.  Sesame Street If These Steps Could Talk Song  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-lDxf4duXI&pp=sAQA

1346.  Sesame Street If You Love Counting and You Know It (Happy and You Know it Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqkMaIk6fKc&pp=sAQA

1347.  Sesame Street If You're Grouchy and You Know It (If You're Happy and You Know It Remix #2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCkwR4Xb68Y&pp=sAQA

1348.  Sesame Street If You're Happy and You Know It  Elmo's Sing-Along.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5015skRvqs8&pp=sAQA

1349.  Sesame Street If You're Happy and You Know It Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDP08F3op80&pp=sAQA

1350.  Sesame Street If You're Super and You Know It (If You're Happy and You Know It Remix #3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12BfxTqEarw&pp=sAQA

1351.  Sesame Street Iguana  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yC74745lqMo&pp=sAQA

1352.  Sesame Street Ilana Glazer's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCfr-DcR128&pp=sAQA

1353.  Sesame Street Imagination (Word of the Day Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYSLo7eVLDQ&pp=sAQA

1354.  Sesame Street Imagination With Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CfHSb032k4&pp=sAQA

1355.  Sesame Street Imagine It's Something Else.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dI8eZo1kAI&pp=sAQA

1356.  Sesame Street Imagine Shapes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Kkr9U1Wjbw&pp=sAQA

1357.  Sesame Street Imagine with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_FKKCkzlAw&pp=sAQA

1358.  Sesame Street In and Out With Barkley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzdUcZMd2pA&pp=sAQA

1359.  Sesame Street In Bert's Book.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63zarITsUbg&pp=sAQA

1360.  Sesame Street Indoor Picnic with Julia, Elmo, and her family.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xobV5H0XFrE&pp=sAQA

1361.  Sesame Street Inside Outside.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80SsMVDpD4g&pp=sAQA

1362.  Sesame Street Instruments  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1MXjw5hX3Q&pp=sAQA

1363.  Sesame Street Interactive Soul Train Line.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9-AtxZDmbI&pp=sAQA

1364.  Sesame Street Introducing Sesame Studios!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PE9L7ZA238c&pp=sAQA

1365.  Sesame Street Introducing Tango!  #FurryFriendsForever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51lUNiOyku0&pp=sAQA

1366.  Sesame Street Introducing the Yellow Feather Fund.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gEvRtp-UFs&pp=sAQA

1367.  Sesame Street Irish Dancing School with Murray.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g29CeZJz3ek&pp=sAQA

1368.  Sesame Street Irish Step Dance School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKPmb5XznFE&pp=sAQA

1369.  Sesame Street Iron Monster and Sesame Heroes Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6vORa5TsHg&pp=sAQA

1370.  Sesame Street It All Adds Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqltNDD5Ycs&pp=sAQA

1371.  Sesame Street It Takes A Street Song with Hoots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTlYtdKVK6M&pp=sAQA

1372.  Sesame Street It's A Doggy Dog World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0VOfXcSubY&pp=sAQA

1373.  Sesame Street It's a Habitat Song with Lin-Manuel Miranda.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LupjXYeQSk&pp=sAQA

1374.  Sesame Street It's Almost Christmas with Sheryl Crow and Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ateI2krz2KQ&pp=sAQA

1375.  Sesame Street It's Bert's Birthday!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zkLR48WOfE&pp=sAQA

1376.  Sesame Street It's Halloween  Halloween Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKNzOgg66zU&pp=sAQA

1377.  Sesame Street It's Hip to Be a Square.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdcHzquaMh8&pp=sAQA

1378.  Sesame Street It's Zydeco!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqNyMzW4y00&pp=sAQA

1379.  Sesame Street It’s Monster Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuP5ZCS5cm4&pp=sAQA

1380.  Sesame Street It’s Raining Cookies Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgA_OOyBLi0&pp=sAQA

1381.  Sesame Street iYip Soundboard App Behind the Scenes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_fk-vMDys8&pp=sAQA

1382.  Sesame Street J is for Jacket Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mC7jki5cJ24&pp=sAQA

1383.  Sesame Street J is for Jump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_51aiCU32qg&pp=sAQA

1384.  Sesame Street Jack and Jill and The Hill  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3zstBjp_Q4&pp=sAQA

1385.  Sesame Street Jack Antonoff and Oscar Sing I Love Trash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRx_pKUOfZo&pp=sAQA

1386.  Sesame Street Jack Be Nimble, Jack Be Quick  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0-93TPksZk&pp=sAQA

1387.  Sesame Street Jack Be Tired, Jack Be Slow (Jack Be Nimble).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xz3W3nQ_UtY&pp=sAQA

1388.  Sesame Street Jack Black and Elmo -- Disguise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgSJfGx8XDM&pp=sAQA

1389.  Sesame Street Jack in the Box #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MV_K9bVkfvE&pp=sAQA

1390.  Sesame Street Jack in the Box #10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwUu4LkzccI&pp=sAQA

1391.  Sesame Street Jack in the Box #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOTX-STqP_A&pp=sAQA

1392.  Sesame Street Jack in the Box #5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtKnHW8cxII&pp=sAQA

1393.  Sesame Street Jack in the Box #6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejjl78hrIJY&pp=sAQA

1394.  Sesame Street Jack in the Box #7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Etr9oPlc1E&pp=sAQA

1395.  Sesame Street Jake Gyllenhaal Separate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IOYU4JUyr4&pp=sAQA

1396.  Sesame Street James Corden Celebrates Father's Day with Elmo and Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-yeXOgD6BU&pp=sAQA

1397.  Sesame Street James Earl Jones Says The Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJ6WwC174Yc&pp=sAQA

1398.  Sesame Street James Gandolfini Talks About Feeling Scared.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-v6T4gUmkw&pp=sAQA

1399.  Sesame Street James Marsden Engineer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bPAGchXF4I&pp=sAQA

1400.  Sesame Street James Taylor and Kids sing Jellyman Kelly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rjo1TVKaFmU&pp=sAQA

1401.  Sesame Street Janelle Monae - Power of Yet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLeUvZvuvAs&pp=sAQA

1402.  Sesame Street Japan Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gztcdTZwUCg&pp=sAQA

1403.  Sesame Street Jason Bateman Comfort.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ij71DXDgvz0&pp=sAQA

1404.  Sesame Street Jason Bateman-Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f35GLmwsgss&pp=sAQA

1405.  Sesame Street Jason Schwartzman sneak peek!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94rDM7Bf9qo&pp=sAQA

1406.  Sesame Street Jason Taylor Toss.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuI-BqJNJIY&pp=sAQA

1407.  Sesame Street Jay Mohr - Tool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkW3QGE-ZAo&pp=sAQA

1408.  Sesame Street Jealous (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDKpk2X53kQ&pp=sAQA

1409.  Sesame Street Jealous Robots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-x-zHHEqig&pp=sAQA

1410.  Sesame Street Jennie Garth Garden.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BS6mr4VukMs&pp=sAQA

1411.  Sesame Street Jennifer Garner - Galoshes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXxcc400dPk&pp=sAQA

1412.  Sesame Street Jennifer Garner Stretch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZd_mVBSiUg&pp=sAQA

1413.  Sesame Street Jerry O'Connell Explains the Word Observe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsX7T1lbz7c&pp=sAQA

1414.  Sesame Street Jesse Tyler Ferguson - Fragile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEq_sSohZts&pp=sAQA

1415.  Sesame Street Jim Parsons Arachnid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-ZQyeuUd_k&pp=sAQA

1416.  Sesame Street Jimmy Fallon Inspect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIRaxwQmOpg&pp=sAQA

1417.  Sesame Street Jimmy Kimmel Sibling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QU61knjrVkw&pp=sAQA

1418.  Sesame Street Jingle Bells and Seashells Holiday Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnTqvuLqe5g&pp=sAQA

1419.  Sesame Street Jingle Bells Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hNizPB95ks&pp=sAQA

1420.  Sesame Street Jingle Bells with Brad Paisley and Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uFQnYsDr20&pp=sAQA

1421.  Sesame Street Joan Ganz Cooney Tribute.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HC9rGjy_Wc&pp=sAQA

1422.  Sesame Street Joe Hundredguy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XXWSyAWxPw&pp=sAQA

1423.  Sesame Street Joel McHale demonstrates the word Prickly..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kC_2XpcyFfE&pp=sAQA

1424.  Sesame Street John Cho & Abby Cadabby explain Sturdy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLctGKlzh0Y&pp=sAQA

1425.  Sesame Street John Krasinski Soggy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJRYVsAqaBw&pp=sAQA

1426.  Sesame Street John Legend Come Together Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIERyg5dYZw&pp=sAQA

1427.  Sesame Street Johnny Galecki Explains the Word Transform.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGuioNS2Y2s&pp=sAQA

1428.  Sesame Street Join Elmo's #ShareTheLaughter Challenge!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aC7wl31syIM&pp=sAQA

1429.  Sesame Street Jon Hamm and Elmo -- Sculpture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCE0M-icUY0&pp=sAQA

1430.  Sesame Street Jon Hamm and Murray Get Emotional.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgMMx5WSd6g&pp=sAQA

1431.  Sesame Street Jon Stewart Practice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw63axDEUzM&pp=sAQA

1432.  Sesame Street Jonah Hill Learns the Word, Empty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=528hzLbGTfw&pp=sAQA

1433.  Sesame Street Jonah Hill Mustache.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jabCO551iPE&pp=sAQA

1434.  Sesame Street Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Murray - Reinforce.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgtYHB0mLw8&pp=sAQA

1435.  Sesame Street Josh Groban Sings Hey Friend with Elmo and Friends!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yppYRYho1oo&pp=sAQA

1436.  Sesame Street Josh Groban's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORHDsygp9wI&pp=sAQA

1437.  Sesame Street Journey to Ernie Beach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnRnxkX2U2U&pp=sAQA

1438.  Sesame Street Journey to Ernie Dinosaur World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVmFw16WL68&pp=sAQA

1439.  Sesame Street Journey to Ernie Penguins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boPAHSwOIMQ&pp=sAQA

1440.  Sesame Street Juanes sings Muevete.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CzCJgsLoHI&pp=sAQA

1441.  Sesame Street Judah Freidlander Spectacular.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdJYGqKak-A&pp=sAQA

1442.  Sesame Street Jude Law_Cling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UydIInakY_0&pp=sAQA

1443.  Sesame Street Judy Collins and Oscar Sing the Three Grouches Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anh9WD857OI&pp=sAQA

1444.  Sesame Street Julia and Sam's Starfish Hug.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yTIB3VAhQA&pp=sAQA

1445.  Sesame Street Julia Invents a New Game  Boing Boing Tag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNzEyDfTrYA&pp=sAQA

1446.  Sesame Street Julia's Family Gets Ready.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOTHczfP6Xo&pp=sAQA

1447.  Sesame Street Julie BowenBinoculars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvT4Hgsg2K8&pp=sAQA

1448.  Sesame Street Jump Rope Frustration with Elmo and Abby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6dV25Ui670&pp=sAQA

1449.  Sesame Street Jumping with Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4vGCC1bnL4&pp=sAQA

1450.  Sesame Street Jumping With J.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZVJ4mB69Rs&pp=sAQA

1451.  Sesame Street Jumprope Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bE5wiWOGcKM&pp=sAQA

1452.  Sesame Street Jurassic Cookie (Jurassic Park Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0dbJj6x0eU&pp=sAQA

1453.  Sesame Street Just Between Us Girls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaBSB-YadKs&pp=sAQA

1454.  Sesame Street Just like Magic (with Sara Bareilles).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1tcyM9l3Og&pp=sAQA

1455.  Sesame Street Just One You!  Story Time with Mitch Tambo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4xJU8SLEvg&pp=sAQA

1456.  Sesame Street K is for Karate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eScIeirr2Gk&pp=sAQA

1457.  Sesame Street K is for Kindness with Chris Jackson (Cast Recording).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ne5u5O4nP_s&pp=sAQA

1458.  Sesame Street Kami and UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon - Every Woman Every Child PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z741Joq3Xq4&pp=sAQA

1459.  Sesame Street Kangaroo Blues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3bcJ5tOarA&pp=sAQA

1460.  Sesame Street Kara Dioguardi Pasta.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIdUsTpTCFs&pp=sAQA

1461.  Sesame Street Karaoke Sing Along Compilation with Elmo, Cookie Monster and more!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rzc1exd4iiM&pp=sAQA

1462.  Sesame Street Karate  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Po_eT22yB6U&pp=sAQA

1463.  Sesame Street Karate School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hr4EGYGIxIU&pp=sAQA

1464.  Sesame Street Kareem Abdul Jabbar and Big Bird - Subtraction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIHcvWDeZbY&pp=sAQA

1465.  Sesame Street Kate McKinnon's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgcRq3boP_g&pp=sAQA

1466.  Sesame Street Keep Nature Clean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwXL-_18SpA&pp=sAQA

1467.  Sesame Street Keep on Clucking Song  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s44F37vKf6M&pp=sAQA

1468.  Sesame Street Keep Spreading Kindness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNT6mCnRU_I&pp=sAQA

1469.  Sesame Street Kellan Lutz and Cookie Monster -- Vibrate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tEaSKTdZRo&pp=sAQA

1470.  Sesame Street Kelsea Ballerini Sings a Song About Families!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIreaBJL0bM&pp=sAQA

1471.  Sesame Street Ken Jeong Deciduous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqKlGxo6o8A&pp=sAQA

1472.  Sesame Street Kermit and Brian Teach the Parts of the Face.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7_M3hxdoBE&pp=sAQA

1473.  Sesame Street Kermit and Elmo -- Loud and Quiet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rx7n7L6OnlA&pp=sAQA

1474.  Sesame Street Kermit and Joey Say the Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYIRO97dhII&pp=sAQA

1475.  Sesame Street Kermit And Magic Finger K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dZfObvf2CA&pp=sAQA

1476.  Sesame Street Kermit Casts the Big Bad Wolf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bobo1eF__Fw&pp=sAQA

1477.  Sesame Street Kermit Counts Monkeys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDt6Awnex0A&pp=sAQA

1478.  Sesame Street Kermit Directs a Movie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJBvyp3dD0E&pp=sAQA

1479.  Sesame Street Kermit Looks for Clues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtgipkIf1uY&pp=sAQA

1480.  Sesame Street Kermit Sings It's Alive Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kI15jJQ-Fss&pp=sAQA

1481.  Sesame Street Kermit Talks About Feet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjIXRgjHpkM&pp=sAQA

1482.  Sesame Street Kermit Visits the First Classroom in History  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WmgkdYi4GQ&pp=sAQA

1483.  Sesame Street Kermit's New Bus Stop with Oscar the Grouch  #Throwback Thursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7ozvoUg0N0&pp=sAQA

1484.  Sesame Street Kermit's Weather Calendar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dAp78XJUsQ&pp=sAQA

1485.  Sesame Street Kids Dance Different Styles..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkS_Xg1UY_4&pp=sAQA

1486.  Sesame Street Kids Make Cornbread.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEy77glV6u8&pp=sAQA

1487.  Sesame Street Kids Sing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star WIth Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzUy4a6H_oI&pp=sAQA

1488.  Sesame Street Kids Sledding in the Snow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUsnKT8-i6w&pp=sAQA

1489.  Sesame Street Kids Talk About Artwork.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGYofWaTsv4&pp=sAQA

1490.  Sesame Street Kids Talk About Games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkaXrxLvos4&pp=sAQA

1491.  Sesame Street Kids Talk About New Things.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAuPou9DjP8&pp=sAQA

1492.  Sesame Street Kids Talk About Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lp3u2wsP4A&pp=sAQA

1493.  Sesame Street Kids Talk About Self (1451468).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0qF7NLVRA4&pp=sAQA

1494.  Sesame Street Kids Talk about Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynqSd5E3fAw&pp=sAQA

1495.  Sesame Street Kids Talk Making Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASdj7IGc8aQ&pp=sAQA

1496.  Sesame Street Kim Cattrall and Abby are Fabulous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sp8cZ6f1A5A&pp=sAQA

1497.  Sesame Street Kindness  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNNcpAcF0GM&pp=sAQA

1498.  Sesame Street King Cookie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sG3Gb0ixfIc&pp=sAQA

1499.  Sesame Street Kit Harington's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQoUmVZrBe0&pp=sAQA

1500.  Sesame Street Knock Me Out at the Ball Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVp0V29Uvr4&pp=sAQA

1501.  Sesame Street Kobe Bryant Miniature.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ_PjIDWgMY&pp=sAQA

1502.  Sesame Street Kofi Annan Helps Monsters Sing the Alphabet Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxqzWweOSbU&pp=sAQA

1503.  Sesame Street Kristen Bell Needs a Hug.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uSdi250HSk&pp=sAQA

1504.  Sesame Street Kristen Bell, Elmo, and Abby - Splatter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gq2Ana0aDlU&pp=sAQA

1505.  Sesame Street Kunal Nayyar Helps Grover fix his Robot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_mRj-UXwvA&pp=sAQA

1506.  Sesame Street Kwanzaa Dancing With Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UNk2uxep7Q&pp=sAQA

1507.  Sesame Street LaDainian Tomlinson - Celebration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jks_Ozoo2YQ&pp=sAQA

1508.  Sesame Street Ladybug Picnic #12.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXwIiYMJuWU&pp=sAQA

1509.  Sesame Street Latino Festival!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jcsf2KshklE&pp=sAQA

1510.  Sesame Street Laugh and Smile  Parent PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uINeIR2JwCA&pp=sAQA

1511.  Sesame Street Lauren Goes to School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKVWBD0yi6I&pp=sAQA

1512.  Sesame Street Lauren Graham & Grover are Authors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSkuz4BiTbU&pp=sAQA

1513.  Sesame Street Lazy Summer Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQZiIX6BZVs&pp=sAQA

1514.  Sesame Street Learn About Animals with Elmo!  Elmo at the Zoo Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8stTlYJmEY&pp=sAQA

1515.  Sesame Street Learn About the Four Seasons  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQPjb2gQZIM&pp=sAQA

1516.  Sesame Street Learn about the Insects in Your Neighborhood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50Vm1Ssx2jY&pp=sAQA

1517.  Sesame Street Learn to be a Scientist with Bill Nye!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo09RhMz5lg&pp=sAQA

1518.  Sesame Street Learn to Belly Breathe with Rosita  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xq3DwzX6MUw&pp=sAQA

1519.  Sesame Street Learn to count to 5!  Counting Songs Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ouon-1zRds&pp=sAQA

1520.  Sesame Street Learning Rocks Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48T3KzObSBs&pp=sAQA

1521.  Sesame Street Learning to Ride a Bike.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqFlSK4QtOU&pp=sAQA

1522.  Sesame Street Learning to Take Turns  Julia and Samuel's Playdate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDBianNb4c4&pp=sAQA

1523.  Sesame Street Lemonade Sneak Peek!  Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FONsR2QGSVw&pp=sAQA

1524.  Sesame Street Lena Headey helps Murray Relax.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ppOup8fp4E&pp=sAQA

1525.  Sesame Street Leonardo da Crunchy's The Muncha Lisa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDV-6Vjuhcg&pp=sAQA

1526.  Sesame Street Les Mousserables (Les Mis Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyYZfSmwH3c&pp=sAQA

1527.  Sesame Street Let Santa Know We're Here with Elmo and Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWyG9GI8Ilc&pp=sAQA

1528.  Sesame Street Let's Be Friends Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQBY_li1Ypc&pp=sAQA

1529.  Sesame Street Let's Celebrate Juneteenth Song  Power of We Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoarn6UPEJQ&pp=sAQA

1530.  Sesame Street Let's Count to Three (1,2,3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxl95IYqjxw&pp=sAQA

1531.  Sesame Street Let's Go Driving with Elmo and Taye Diggs with Lyrics  Elmo's Sing Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ql5JDzSFLZc&pp=sAQA

1532.  Sesame Street Let's Go Driving!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6XlZOotyXg&pp=sAQA

1533.  Sesame Street Let's Go Surfin' Song with Elmo and Grover!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjAgWHpI14I&pp=sAQA

1534.  Sesame Street Let's Make a Pizza.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cvym6uVKOc4&pp=sAQA

1535.  Sesame Street Let's Make a Triangle (Pilobolus Dance Company).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UzbS90TSIY&pp=sAQA

1536.  Sesame Street Letter A (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEQfcjWAsvI&pp=sAQA

1537.  Sesame Street Letter A Adventure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk58xI47hw4&pp=sAQA

1538.  Sesame Street Letter B (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lfL0ZTtnD4&pp=sAQA

1539.  Sesame Street Letter B! (New Letter of the Day Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8U5Xe5qPwU&pp=sAQA

1540.  Sesame Street Letter C (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toSm_flWhyE&pp=sAQA

1541.  Sesame Street Letter D (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkIwwj41yZE&pp=sAQA

1542.  Sesame Street Letter E (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZETT0t62Kg&pp=sAQA

1543.  Sesame Street Letter F (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QRc8Ht07kk&pp=sAQA

1544.  Sesame Street Letter G (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYaNvGqrtcc&pp=sAQA

1545.  Sesame Street Letter G Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpcwAjh9JmY&pp=sAQA

1546.  Sesame Street Letter H (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Wlv_Ow9UaM&pp=sAQA

1547.  Sesame Street Letter I (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uAbZ8Brtqk&pp=sAQA

1548.  Sesame Street Letter J (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMzG8vCBKp4&pp=sAQA

1549.  Sesame Street Letter J Robot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QYaodd9Bn8&pp=sAQA

1550.  Sesame Street Letter K (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GP0m7l57Rxo&pp=sAQA

1551.  Sesame Street Letter L Shape.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxQm9Oi7Zqo&pp=sAQA

1552.  Sesame Street Letter M (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKoJUU_6fII&pp=sAQA

1553.  Sesame Street Letter M in Space.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Du8DmN97gjI&pp=sAQA

1554.  Sesame Street Letter M is for Maze.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02eJc2jsZp4&pp=sAQA

1555.  Sesame Street Letter M Monster Meal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPRVSb4J6Pw&pp=sAQA

1556.  Sesame Street Letter M Sand Animation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt437350Z1I&pp=sAQA

1557.  Sesame Street Letter M Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xIRY3ZuNIU&pp=sAQA

1558.  Sesame Street Letter M Stores.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjbYfqoC_yw&pp=sAQA

1559.  Sesame Street Letter M Words.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QigVQxa4jBU&pp=sAQA

1560.  Sesame Street Letter O Song (Letter of the Day Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JABFGF8Uy4c&pp=sAQA

1561.  Sesame Street Letter of the Day Game Show Y.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtSBTFXKe6U&pp=sAQA

1562.  Sesame Street Letter P (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTEMHdvRaFI&pp=sAQA

1563.  Sesame Street Letter Q (Letter of the Day Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DKHfrw6D98&pp=sAQA

1564.  Sesame Street Letter S Song (Letter of the Day Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dRnXZDVhO0&pp=sAQA

1565.  Sesame Street Letter U With the Martians.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jiu-oIurSLw&pp=sAQA

1566.  Sesame Street Letter V Salesman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQb6gTJD7zA&pp=sAQA

1567.  Sesame Street Lever Lover with Sutton Foster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SprRX6mSsEg&pp=sAQA

1568.  Sesame Street Life of Whoopie Pie (Life of Pi Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5Zo3UGFlJ4&pp=sAQA

1569.  Sesame Street Lilly Tomlin signs Sing  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqK5_NpCQOU&pp=sAQA

1570.  Sesame Street Listen to the Wind Blow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyEE7EQx5Z0&pp=sAQA

1571.  Sesame Street Listen, Act, Unite Song  #ComingTogether.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boW_ngL8fSk&pp=sAQA

1572.  Sesame Street Little Bo Peep's Fence  Monster Fixers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPONtnUAv8g&pp=sAQA

1573.  Sesame Street Little Butterfly Friend Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g99MjixGoFo&pp=sAQA

1574.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - A New Family Parent Tip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dHFZ6CykXc&pp=sAQA

1575.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Abby's Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_Wvo17EOiA&pp=sAQA

1576.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Adjusting to a New Place Parent Tip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7byZfgA3uJ8&pp=sAQA

1577.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Big Feelings Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8odk4uLFq20&pp=sAQA

1578.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Bird Family Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o353vMIpeiE&pp=sAQA

1579.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Bonding with New Siblings Parent Tip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTEPiYin1fU&pp=sAQA

1580.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Chase's Story Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSjvhnzqRDg&pp=sAQA

1581.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Chase's Story Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2X8pg59FAk&pp=sAQA

1582.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Feelings and Routines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNLJBw33_r4&pp=sAQA

1583.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - It's Not Your Fault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0bP4I6c-uc&pp=sAQA

1584.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Managing Strong Feelings Parent Tip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muKkN85Xq6k&pp=sAQA

1585.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Responding to Reactions Parent Tip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=622wqSBnNhk&pp=sAQA

1586.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Sizzle Reel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXjmqfg0Iw8&pp=sAQA

1587.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Victoria's Story Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VNw4oeF6ag&pp=sAQA

1588.  Sesame Street Little Children, Big Challenges - Divorce - Victoria's Story Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njibHeskHhg&pp=sAQA

1589.  Sesame Street Little Chrissy Sings Rock You to Sleep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gnaK2tQgro&pp=sAQA

1590.  Sesame Street Little Ms. Muffet  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2Zo7NRy_q4&pp=sAQA

1591.  Sesame Street Little Plant Song With Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erqrqtEv3QM&pp=sAQA

1592.  Sesame Street Little Prairie on the Prairie  Monsterpiece Theater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZM3JemzKmfc&pp=sAQA

1593.  Sesame Street Little Red Riding Hood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuEdXmHSXnU&pp=sAQA

1594.  Sesame Street Little Richard Sings Rosita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6dYClf2gSk&pp=sAQA

1595.  Sesame Street Little Richard Sings Rubber Duckie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWCEG6lV0ek&pp=sAQA

1596.  Sesame Street LL Cool J Unanimous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLMEOjlq8ck&pp=sAQA

1597.  Sesame Street Lonely Number 11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBJbhu35Ejw&pp=sAQA

1598.  Sesame Street Long Time in the Snow  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMDTdC5xoV0&pp=sAQA

1599.  Sesame Street Look and Find Elmo on Sesame Street App Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMVx9Rtucbg&pp=sAQA

1600.  Sesame Street Looking for a Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihumzaGz9Kg&pp=sAQA

1601.  Sesame Street Lord of the Crumbs (Lord of the Rings Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nN9lNJuqG4&pp=sAQA

1602.  Sesame Street Lost Elephant  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uj3j95TvpVc&pp=sAQA

1603.  Sesame Street Louie Talks Routines  Parent PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bsDqElNf58&pp=sAQA

1604.  Sesame Street Love Finds R2D2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNw9YbqrbVs&pp=sAQA

1605.  Sesame Street Love from Sesame Street  Story Time with Alan Muraoka.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4THJK6DLe64&pp=sAQA

1606.  Sesame Street Love to Learn 2 DVD Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmV27XLRm2g&pp=sAQA

1607.  Sesame Street Lucy Liu and Rosita Sing My Favorite Sneakers Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61lGmG1rsTQ&pp=sAQA

1608.  Sesame Street Lupita Nyong'o Loves Her Skin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIC2hHECZ6Y&pp=sAQA

1609.  Sesame Street M Is for Madeline.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZYsmGmCBYg&pp=sAQA

1610.  Sesame Street M Is for Mail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvBSUWh_teA&pp=sAQA

1611.  Sesame Street M Is for Martha.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPUDH_yqkts&pp=sAQA

1612.  Sesame Street M is for Mom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHX_X8z25gQ&pp=sAQA

1613.  Sesame Street M is for Monster Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hPtCmxc-rU&pp=sAQA

1614.  Sesame Street M Is For Mouth Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xm5jdK35Cl4&pp=sAQA

1615.  Sesame Street M is for Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AjBm87lTdk&pp=sAQA

1616.  Sesame Street M is for Musician with Questlove.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DUOi2O_08g&pp=sAQA

1617.  Sesame Street MacNeil Report.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6W6fG1FGpM&pp=sAQA

1618.  Sesame Street Mad Men.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgvKCfZqxrQ&pp=sAQA

1619.  Sesame Street Madeline Kahn and Grover Sing After Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pdk72Ns6sBE&pp=sAQA

1620.  Sesame Street Madlenka Plays in the World Cup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwynPyda1v8&pp=sAQA

1621.  Sesame Street Madrigal Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDDFh7Un3Ps&pp=sAQA

1622.  Sesame Street Maggie Gyllenhaal Surprise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhUciUSoN5s&pp=sAQA

1623.  Sesame Street Maggie Rogers Sings It's Nighttime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3StbJht7ltg&pp=sAQA

1624.  Sesame Street Magic School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So-m489R5sE&pp=sAQA

1625.  Sesame Street Magicians  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dh_ZLV-UmY&pp=sAQA

1626.  Sesame Street Mailman in Appalachia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcBS2G94HLk&pp=sAQA

1627.  Sesame Street Make a Smoothie with Cookie Monster  Cookie Monster Snack Chat #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRN64mhrTX8&pp=sAQA

1628.  Sesame Street Make it Fit with Guy Smiley!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPbAk5eOCt8&pp=sAQA

1629.  Sesame Street Make It So Number One!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNatvLe18ro&pp=sAQA

1630.  Sesame Street Make Monster Faces with Zooey Deschanel!  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GWKlrlv6ek&pp=sAQA

1631.  Sesame Street Make Music with Elmo and Friends!  Music Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cR26Kf8_-4&pp=sAQA

1632.  Sesame Street Make Our Earth Better Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RyaS5j6rE_o&pp=sAQA

1633.  Sesame Street Make Your Own Art Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrLJh62VN24&pp=sAQA

1634.  Sesame Street Make Your Own Dragon!  DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mL1NX4lPcQ&pp=sAQA

1635.  Sesame Street Making About Me Flowers  Power of We Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cT-gkUz0yzs&pp=sAQA

1636.  Sesame Street Making Birthday Cake  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJ_ebwhBlMM&pp=sAQA

1637.  Sesame Street Making Bubbles!  Julia & Abby Cadabby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA9FIWK8OUY&pp=sAQA

1638.  Sesame Street Making Fruit Sushi with Jenny Slate  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ7JKjxMvvI&pp=sAQA

1639.  Sesame Street Making Music with Bike Instruments!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJ1b71MvyR0&pp=sAQA

1640.  Sesame Street Making Pumpkin Faces  Halloween Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-R2zzjGWbA4&pp=sAQA

1641.  Sesame Street Making School Lunches  Abby's Amazing Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFerSWoibPs&pp=sAQA

1642.  Sesame Street Making Whoopie Pies in the Library  Smart Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYf7RUqKlfc&pp=sAQA

1643.  Sesame Street Making Zachos with Ellie Kemper  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYkSROwkCuo&pp=sAQA

1644.  Sesame Street Malaysian Kites  Global Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPU57HxOP80&pp=sAQA

1645.  Sesame Street Maltese Ducky  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56Iiz-PjzkM&pp=sAQA

1646.  Sesame Street Man of La Muncha.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8y27z47OZ0&pp=sAQA

1647.  Sesame Street Mango Tango.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqmIphsau8M&pp=sAQA

1648.  Sesame Street Mannequin Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZ7EaZw8OvM&pp=sAQA

1649.  Sesame Street Maren Morris sings Oops! Whoops! Wait, Ah ha! Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2O08nNZt074&pp=sAQA

1650.  Sesame Street Maria and Luis are in Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fY5y9a05ceQ&pp=sAQA

1651.  Sesame Street Maria Menounos Senses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2iqLRyL5kg&pp=sAQA

1652.  Sesame Street Marilyn Horne Sings C Is For Cookie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaF7kT5Moc0&pp=sAQA

1653.  Sesame Street Mario Lopez and Cookie Monster in Me Am What Me Am.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1s2VGJdpaCU&pp=sAQA

1654.  Sesame Street Mark Ruffalo Empathy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_1Rt1R4xbM&pp=sAQA

1655.  Sesame Street Marshall Grover Rides Backwards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1hL7mAGXzc&pp=sAQA

1656.  Sesame Street Martian Mission - Get That Cookie!  Me Want Cookie #11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0tbBvvaH1k&pp=sAQA

1657.  Sesame Street Martian World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaL1A2c97hg&pp=sAQA

1658.  Sesame Street Martians Discover a Book.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TStPNqex3uA&pp=sAQA

1659.  Sesame Street Martians Discover a Fan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZJi_NStV9k&pp=sAQA

1660.  Sesame Street Martians Sad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMb07XxYYsQ&pp=sAQA

1661.  Sesame Street Martians' Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SS4ws35g4DE&pp=sAQA

1662.  Sesame Street Mary Had a Little Lamb  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrJnzBFzEEY&pp=sAQA

1663.  Sesame Street Math is Everywhere - Kids Love Math PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvdfIYXe05g&pp=sAQA

1664.  Sesame Street Math is Everywhere - Math Song PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgP1n1kPI0U&pp=sAQA

1665.  Sesame Street Math is Everywhere - Preview 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_2ODwmiWkw&pp=sAQA

1666.  Sesame Street Math is Everywhere - Preview 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCrGEaf6Aho&pp=sAQA

1667.  Sesame Street Math is Everywhere - Preview 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8wcn3ZpMYE&pp=sAQA

1668.  Sesame Street Matt Kemp and Abby - Attach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-P7Q-q4poM&pp=sAQA

1669.  Sesame Street Matthew Fox Bones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdHC1HXThR8&pp=sAQA

1670.  Sesame Street Maya Angelou's Favorite Things.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5guQ-aQCaB4&pp=sAQA

1671.  Sesame Street Maya Angelou's Name Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jWHQYkCYbI&pp=sAQA

1672.  Sesame Street Maya Rudolph and Elmo - Brainstorm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G27o1OTHo2o&pp=sAQA

1673.  Sesame Street Maya Stretches.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTkFOs-l90Y&pp=sAQA

1674.  Sesame Street Mayonnaise Jar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwkMi6tSyyw&pp=sAQA

1675.  Sesame Street Me Girl and Witch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3etop4AA10&pp=sAQA

1676.  Sesame Street Me Gotta Be Blue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUTDn4FSsfk&pp=sAQA

1677.  Sesame Street Me Llamo with Elmo, Zoe and Luis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1euD8y-5mx0&pp=sAQA

1678.  Sesame Street Me Lost Me Cookie at the Disco (1134200).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKW7TIjqZAA&pp=sAQA

1679.  Sesame Street Me Lost Me Cookie at the Disco.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtAOLRWV2Aw&pp=sAQA

1680.  Sesame Street Me Love Cookie Art (song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXTuWMB7yLk&pp=sAQA

1681.  Sesame Street Me Want It (But Me Wait).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PnbKL3wuH4&pp=sAQA

1682.  Sesame Street Measure, Yeah, Measure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMsQYjYlBEo&pp=sAQA

1683.  Sesame Street Meet Digby the Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlItECquYss&pp=sAQA

1684.  Sesame Street Meet Julia (Full Clip  10 Min).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKCdV20zLMs&pp=sAQA

1685.  Sesame Street Meeting Rosita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLUUGKDbKlc&pp=sAQA

1686.  Sesame Street Melissa McCarthy and Elmo - Choreographer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHzaPRrGrSo&pp=sAQA

1687.  Sesame Street Melissa McCarthy Knows the Letter T.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCHoDRbL0FU&pp=sAQA

1688.  Sesame Street Memory Alessia Cara  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmKy3UgjtUE&pp=sAQA

1689.  Sesame Street Memory Allison Williams  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kMls_TUB2Y&pp=sAQA

1690.  Sesame Street Memory Amanda Seyfried  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdAadG552a8&pp=sAQA

1691.  Sesame Street Memory Andy Grammer  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ug-NWSSCcIs&pp=sAQA

1692.  Sesame Street Memory Bill Nye  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ggl46oZFSc&pp=sAQA

1693.  Sesame Street Memory Blake Lively  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgMxj4MxxjY&pp=sAQA

1694.  Sesame Street Memory Busy Phillips  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8v-yUKiMcM&pp=sAQA

1695.  Sesame Street Memory Chance the Rapper  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctOWQizzvug&pp=sAQA

1696.  Sesame Street Memory Chrissy Teigen  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5Y5tjWtQMA&pp=sAQA

1697.  Sesame Street Memory Colin Jost  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvB_kL3HXlo&pp=sAQA

1698.  Sesame Street Memory Common  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T99EBlRIIhQ&pp=sAQA

1699.  Sesame Street Memory Dave Grohl  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWt7jRCxCYA&pp=sAQA

1700.  Sesame Street Memory Dr. Oz  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyX4K8BOCeE&pp=sAQA

1701.  Sesame Street Memory Ellie Goulding  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uP6SiIE_TYA&pp=sAQA

1702.  Sesame Street Memory Ellie Kemper  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AohBp63pYOQ&pp=sAQA

1703.  Sesame Street Memory Elvis Costello  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qQKfkDjAR4&pp=sAQA

1704.  Sesame Street Memory Evan Rachel Wood  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xiyZosa4Cg&pp=sAQA

1705.  Sesame Street Memory Garcelle Beauvais  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VI2yLlbC5Rg&pp=sAQA

1706.  Sesame Street Memory Holly Robinson Peete  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBPez0qZKyc&pp=sAQA

1707.  Sesame Street Memory Ilana Glazer  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RL6oTv5RUvQ&pp=sAQA

1708.  Sesame Street Memory Issac Mizrahi  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8w7KlTPv3xI&pp=sAQA

1709.  Sesame Street Memory Itzhak Perlman  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbHSSLrztUI&pp=sAQA

1710.  Sesame Street Memory Jack Antonoff  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DILuz5vhJn8&pp=sAQA

1711.  Sesame Street Memory Jack McBrayer  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-waWvjyzIw&pp=sAQA

1712.  Sesame Street Memory Jason Schwartzman  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTXO-lT6cm4&pp=sAQA

1713.  Sesame Street Memory Jenny Slate  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69f5ssAuLVY&pp=sAQA

1714.  Sesame Street Memory John Legend  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPNePPgk1ws&pp=sAQA

1715.  Sesame Street Memory Joseph Gordon Levitt #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZObtIhGmqI&pp=sAQA

1716.  Sesame Street Memory Josh Gad  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_NTsf_d0tA&pp=sAQA

1717.  Sesame Street Memory Josh Groban  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BFGPadg5pc&pp=sAQA

1718.  Sesame Street Memory Kareem Abdul-Jabbar  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_CChLCpFoY&pp=sAQA

1719.  Sesame Street Memory Kate McKinnon  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=186Wi7bHyr8&pp=sAQA

1720.  Sesame Street Memory Kathryn Hahn  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaYf8hCBY2s&pp=sAQA

1721.  Sesame Street Memory Keegan Michael Key  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eH8yEzdc_gE&pp=sAQA

1722.  Sesame Street Memory Laurie Hernandez  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wM5dOv-UkZM&pp=sAQA

1723.  Sesame Street Memory Lena Headey  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5bulYenfTA&pp=sAQA

1724.  Sesame Street Memory Lin-Manuel Miranda  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KffYiQXrZu0&pp=sAQA

1725.  Sesame Street Memory Lucy Liu  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqrnji1sle4&pp=sAQA

1726.  Sesame Street Memory Maren Morris  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Yac8BM_304&pp=sAQA

1727.  Sesame Street Memory Meghan Trainor  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgxH5EWiOyE&pp=sAQA

1728.  Sesame Street Memory Michael Che  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_XYgzAWAgPo&pp=sAQA

1729.  Sesame Street Memory Mindy Kaling  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk6qTfG2UOM&pp=sAQA

1730.  Sesame Street Memory Misty Copeland  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLA5MlJfoaY&pp=sAQA

1731.  Sesame Street Memory Nile Rodgers  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7lfjDodLHs&pp=sAQA

1732.  Sesame Street Memory Norah Jones  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-44hh1fsunw&pp=sAQA

1733.  Sesame Street Memory Olivia Munn  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLQy9JX3St8&pp=sAQA

1734.  Sesame Street Memory Padma Lakshmi  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9nbKVtKYqM&pp=sAQA

1735.  Sesame Street Memory Patti LaBelle  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMYvNzyGkz0&pp=sAQA

1736.  Sesame Street Memory Patton Oswalt  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-xBqp2nG4U&pp=sAQA

1737.  Sesame Street Memory Paul Scheer  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFXewQQawv8&pp=sAQA

1738.  Sesame Street Memory Peter Dinklage  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfShsUBeoh0&pp=sAQA

1739.  Sesame Street Memory Questlove  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJH8HupORfc&pp=sAQA

1740.  Sesame Street Memory Seth Rogen  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azW0LvFH64w&pp=sAQA

1741.  Sesame Street Memory Sterling K Brown  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEEEgDTQvtg&pp=sAQA

1742.  Sesame Street Memory Terry Crews  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ffZ0tgDCUs&pp=sAQA

1743.  Sesame Street Memory Thomas Rhett  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeLQYZAc-tM&pp=sAQA

1744.  Sesame Street Memory Whoopi Goldberg  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3uI0pO-Kww&pp=sAQA

1745.  Sesame Street Memory Zooey Deschanel  #ThisIsMyStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6XRxquNNiE&pp=sAQA

1746.  Sesame Street Meredith Viera Hibernate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWmckQoDaNE&pp=sAQA

1747.  Sesame Street Mi Amiguita Rosita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGKbw2OrbCg&pp=sAQA

1748.  Sesame Street Miami Mice with The Count  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIUBMT_zRHs&pp=sAQA

1749.  Sesame Street Michelle Monaghan Fascinating.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFcHS4jFc4Q&pp=sAQA

1750.  Sesame Street Michelle Obama & the Most Important Meal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaTMdOeZzVo&pp=sAQA

1751.  Sesame Street Mike Rowe's Dirtiest Jobs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DD3vvBV8oYQ&pp=sAQA

1752.  Sesame Street Mila Kunis Include.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTXzYX0rrPE&pp=sAQA

1753.  Sesame Street Milk Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJyEbLuFOdU&pp=sAQA

1754.  Sesame Street Mind Games With Murray.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltY8DI3je7A&pp=sAQA

1755.  Sesame Street Mindy Kaling and Elmo are Very Enthusiastic!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=em5SSa-IVUU&pp=sAQA

1756.  Sesame Street Mini Golf Course Track  Magical Car Races #8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fo54WtwvF3E&pp=sAQA

1757.  Sesame Street Mom and Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJgai7s4MIw&pp=sAQA

1758.  Sesame Street Monster in the Mirror  Animated Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQRfnH9YamQ&pp=sAQA

1759.  Sesame Street Monster in the Mirror.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PM6ya7wTb58&pp=sAQA

1760.  Sesame Street Monster Magic Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQsnpV1h_rA&pp=sAQA

1761.  Sesame Street Monster Manners Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjuT2l9SKKY&pp=sAQA

1762.  Sesame Street Monster Meditation #1 I-Sense with Cookie Monster and Headspace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9nE4RE8uiQ&pp=sAQA

1763.  Sesame Street Monster Meditation #2 Goodnight Body with Elmo and Headspace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhRWp0wOLyo&pp=sAQA

1764.  Sesame Street Monster Meditation #3 Focus Rhyme with Grover and Headspace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6XDe9jPfrI&pp=sAQA

1765.  Sesame Street Monster Meditation #4 Try Try Again with Two-Headed Monster and Headspace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQAWSXQ1xOU&pp=sAQA

1766.  Sesame Street Monster Meditation #5 Belly Buddy Breathing with Rosita and Headspace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-N1Xm4pIeAg&pp=sAQA

1767.  Sesame Street Monster Meditation #6 Play 123 Freeze with Elmo and Headspace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mh12qNHbgk&pp=sAQA

1768.  Sesame Street Monster Meditations Compilation  All Episodes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EKPfQYi7GQ&pp=sAQA

1769.  Sesame Street Monster Music Class with Wynton Marsalis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5h7GsstFh2s&pp=sAQA

1770.  Sesame Street Monster on the Street (Farmer in the Dell).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ak-rGivF78&pp=sAQA

1771.  Sesame Street Monster President  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxjc6Rs6fkk&pp=sAQA

1772.  Sesame Street Monster Rainbow (ROYGBIV).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycDbfU-2QPg&pp=sAQA

1773.  Sesame Street Monster Trucks Track  Magical Car Races #7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPgM8M2cL7E&pp=sAQA

1774.  Sesame Street Monster's Best Friend with Grover (Grover Dog walker).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbREFAkQ_zc&pp=sAQA

1775.  Sesame Street More Jokes with Bert & Ernie!  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtA7z4oMgs0&pp=sAQA

1776.  Sesame Street More than a Toy with Big Bird (Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCYkT4x_LHs&pp=sAQA

1777.  Sesame Street Morning Routines  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Usy6nmazxs&pp=sAQA

1778.  Sesame Street Mother and Child Draw Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNmPDc8tN-U&pp=sAQA

1779.  Sesame Street Mother Goose's School for Nursery Rhyme ( with Shirley Jones).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13tplOqDHM8&pp=sAQA

1780.  Sesame Street Mother's Day Mayhem  Smart Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M57GNOCeSYA&pp=sAQA

1781.  Sesame Street Mother’s Day Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7pLLV3jf8k&pp=sAQA

1782.  Sesame Street Mountain Climbers  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BymIQLDSC3Y&pp=sAQA

1783.  Sesame Street Mountain M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1n4Lp2BWkY&pp=sAQA

1784.  Sesame Street Mr. Hoopers Egg Cream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05LPywFFosE&pp=sAQA

1785.  Sesame Street Mrs. Obama Plants Garden.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiXU_SDirRQ&pp=sAQA

1786.  Sesame Street Mucko the Explorer Song (Alan Cumming).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojbwur-YBS4&pp=sAQA

1787.  Sesame Street Mumford's Magic Rabbit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qE1xV5hiaU&pp=sAQA

1788.  Sesame Street Muppets Sing About Danger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8ZfNPwAiiM&pp=sAQA

1789.  Sesame Street Murphy Brownbag With Cookie And Murphy Brown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmZJMHbX7X8&pp=sAQA

1790.  Sesame Street Murray Creates a Superhero  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FvW37DwCoE&pp=sAQA

1791.  Sesame Street Murray Goes Rock Climbing  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbqwfkTyOvo&pp=sAQA

1792.  Sesame Street Murray Goes to the Zoo  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmnnrZ0XEX4&pp=sAQA

1793.  Sesame Street Murray Learns About Birds  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pvtcWwPVmk&pp=sAQA

1794.  Sesame Street Murray Learns to Ride a Bike  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7vXWvtAUbI&pp=sAQA

1795.  Sesame Street Murray Makes Recycled Artwork  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2M2_Z0sW4nQ&pp=sAQA

1796.  Sesame Street Murray Reports on Friendship Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJ9AdEmFUOM&pp=sAQA

1797.  Sesame Street Murray Visits a Recycling Center  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0ijMPvIy-U&pp=sAQA

1798.  Sesame Street Murray's First Day of Preschool  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwHLUwIa2rQ&pp=sAQA

1799.  Sesame Street Murray, Daniella, and Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZSGAtCp3zU&pp=sAQA

1800.  Sesame Street Museum Guards  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2gcJK5-Wag&pp=sAQA

1801.  Sesame Street Music School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1k9m_0FouI&pp=sAQA

1802.  Sesame Street Musica Song with Rosita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6Tgs3-PSF0&pp=sAQA

1803.  Sesame Street Musical Scales.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbnQ6Z4-yiw&pp=sAQA

1804.  Sesame Street My Best Friend's Ukulele.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JgRD66yB5w&pp=sAQA

1805.  Sesame Street My Cute Little Heart Beat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-MsNYggvQg&pp=sAQA

1806.  Sesame Street My Name Is Zoe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7v9hFWy86Ok&pp=sAQA

1807.  Sesame Street My Rock Show and Tell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaPLORHTkSo&pp=sAQA

1808.  Sesame Street My Triangle with James Blunt (You're Beautiful Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4cUQ1ItK-w&pp=sAQA

1809.  Sesame Street Mysterious Theatre - Toast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EY5kvGaGlE&pp=sAQA

1810.  Sesame Street N is for Nature.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9MUk6yl1T4&pp=sAQA

1811.  Sesame Street N is for Newspaper with Keegan Michael Key.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hS7j7vT53BE&pp=sAQA

1812.  Sesame Street N-TV.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UNZa8HukoA&pp=sAQA

1813.  Sesame Street Name That Emotion with Murray!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxfJicfyCdg&pp=sAQA

1814.  Sesame Street Name That Fruit With Chrissy Teigen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck7_hwRfeL4&pp=sAQA

1815.  Sesame Street Nancy Odell Pollinate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhUfaGd-JC0&pp=sAQA

1816.  Sesame Street Nasa Count Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRPnBf6MZ9Q&pp=sAQA

1817.  Sesame Street Natalie Morales_Float.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y58omh1fn-k&pp=sAQA

1818.  Sesame Street Natasha Plays with Her Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhgSjCwA3Dw&pp=sAQA

1819.  Sesame Street Natasha's Lullaby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cmm8VnPaspM&pp=sAQA

1820.  Sesame Street Neil Patrick Harris and Elmo Talk About Curly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKovgJanF2k&pp=sAQA

1821.  Sesame Street Neil Patrick Harris Gets Interviewed by Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxdPYMRSg5A&pp=sAQA

1822.  Sesame Street New Ball In Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwnB6PO5SsM&pp=sAQA

1823.  Sesame Street New Season Trailer!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bOOLosLVRc&pp=sAQA

1824.  Sesame Street New Year's in Mexico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whk_eIZa-Rc&pp=sAQA

1825.  Sesame Street New York Knicks Compare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntOLWM2yYLI&pp=sAQA

1826.  Sesame Street Nia Long Divides.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMKCLoUgVUU&pp=sAQA

1827.  Sesame Street Nicole Kidman and Oscar the Grouch - Stubborn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3pz_KKPs7M&pp=sAQA

1828.  Sesame Street No Growling at Preschool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-ObKlv7tYU&pp=sAQA

1829.  Sesame Street No Matter Your Language Song with Rosita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRvMjH49xY0&pp=sAQA

1830.  Sesame Street Norah Jones Sings Welcome To The Party Song  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvTNHEpXULc&pp=sAQA

1831.  Sesame Street Nosh of the Titans (Clash of the Titans Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7bsa2_W2io&pp=sAQA

1832.  Sesame Street Not Just One Way to Make Art.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrlH2RwTNvU&pp=sAQA

1833.  Sesame Street Not Yet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4C3L4k0SUaA&pp=sAQA

1834.  Sesame Street NSYNC Sings Believe in Yourself.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U59I0YTtVGg&pp=sAQA

1835.  Sesame Street Number 1  Number of the Day Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E45ZZKPXX80&pp=sAQA

1836.  Sesame Street Number 10 (Number of the Day Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRiUEr89ep0&pp=sAQA

1837.  Sesame Street Number 10 Pizza Song  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AX9LT0HiNIE&pp=sAQA

1838.  Sesame Street Number 2 (Number of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-kMsBMh6Ng&pp=sAQA

1839.  Sesame Street Number 3 (Number of the Day Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkUWDvRS9gM&pp=sAQA

1840.  Sesame Street Number 3 in the Forest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tL55pxo9nrU&pp=sAQA

1841.  Sesame Street Number 4 (Number of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Aypxlfjv34&pp=sAQA

1842.  Sesame Street Number 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m115abbtBec&pp=sAQA

1843.  Sesame Street Number 5 Safari (The Adventures of Salty & Pierre).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaQQoLZrc2k&pp=sAQA

1844.  Sesame Street Number 5 Song (Number of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7Ghyg8ZOyM&pp=sAQA

1845.  Sesame Street Number 7! (Number of the Day Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdU7sH2LdMk&pp=sAQA

1846.  Sesame Street Number 8! (Number of the Day Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cORUvLQRI_Y&pp=sAQA

1847.  Sesame Street Number 9! (Number of the Day Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25SsCCCwmz8&pp=sAQA

1848.  Sesame Street Number One and Only.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPEQlOHYy_w&pp=sAQA

1849.  Sesame Street Number Six (Number of the Day Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-usguSrIpM&pp=sAQA

1850.  Sesame Street Numeric Con (Preview).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgxycSKCL2U&pp=sAQA

1851.  Sesame Street Nursery Rhymes  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsU0CqqQvcM&pp=sAQA

1852.  Sesame Street Nursery Rhymes Songs Compilation with Elmo and Friends!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ym3qq0KSIo&pp=sAQA

1853.  Sesame Street Nursing Babies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a9Xqu_c9Yo&pp=sAQA

1854.  Sesame Street O is for Ocean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRM8R6uxGEU&pp=sAQA

1855.  Sesame Street O-Olga.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aELZMXJxDco&pp=sAQA

1856.  Sesame Street Ocean Emotion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vS0y47wlP1U&pp=sAQA

1857.  Sesame Street OK Go - Three Primary Colors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yu44JRTIxSQ&pp=sAQA

1858.  Sesame Street Old MacDonald  Elmo's Sing Along #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RloKFjavX0&pp=sAQA

1859.  Sesame Street Old MacDonald Had a Farm with Lyrics  Elmo's Sing Along.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uB7-_R4sOw&pp=sAQA

1860.  Sesame Street Old MacElmo Had a Farm Song  Old Macdonald Remix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYgG6-zR5FY&pp=sAQA

1861.  Sesame Street Old MacMurray Had A Farm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISnunO5PrtE&pp=sAQA

1862.  Sesame Street Old Mother Hubbard's Heist  Colambo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJbMd-kmmcY&pp=sAQA

1863.  Sesame Street Old Woman Who Lived in the Shoe  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6L60sNSVClY&pp=sAQA

1864.  Sesame Street Olympic Athletes Play Lightning Round with Elmo and Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Zl4WNtPNmQ&pp=sAQA

1865.  Sesame Street Olympic Athletes Sing Sunny Days with Elmo and Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRBZxm9ipiE&pp=sAQA

1866.  Sesame Street Olympic Athletes Teach the Word of the Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ar7OATB1230&pp=sAQA

1867.  Sesame Street Olympic Song Sing-a-long with Elmo and Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK3hyb5qav4&pp=sAQA

1868.  Sesame Street Omelet the Prince of Dinner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMAduGnRbOc&pp=sAQA

1869.  Sesame Street On Vacation With Guy Smiley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wryM1r55tCk&pp=sAQA

1870.  Sesame Street Once Upon A Sesame Street Christmas Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dyXA2oXHrs&pp=sAQA

1871.  Sesame Street One Big Family Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gRO3rq2tBU&pp=sAQA

1872.  Sesame Street One Direction and Bert Sing the Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R67HqIlz-U4&pp=sAQA

1873.  Sesame Street One Direction What Makes U Useful (What Makes You Beautiful Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qW9f80bUNnE&pp=sAQA

1874.  Sesame Street One Direction What Makes U Useful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Dwm7-aSpxs&pp=sAQA

1875.  Sesame Street One in a Million Song with Big Bird and Gina.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0E8gzjylVGM&pp=sAQA

1876.  Sesame Street One of These Kids is Colder Than the Others.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbTSQOvt2Ho&pp=sAQA

1877.  Sesame Street One of These Things (1716249).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6b0ftfKFEJg&pp=sAQA

1878.  Sesame Street One of These Things (1843010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6keZIUJBsQ&pp=sAQA

1879.  Sesame Street One of These Things Hat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Sgk-ZYxKxM&pp=sAQA

1880.  Sesame Street One of These Things Sorting Song with Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqegob0v9W8&pp=sAQA

1881.  Sesame Street One of These Things.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsRjQDrDnY8&pp=sAQA

1882.  Sesame Street One Potato.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdMuB8U0q0I&pp=sAQA

1883.  Sesame Street Open the Toy Closet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLCARuIX-XQ&pp=sAQA

1884.  Sesame Street Opposite Stuff Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StzK2CUdozw&pp=sAQA

1885.  Sesame Street Orange is the New Snack (Orange is the New Black Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7Beii01AX0&pp=sAQA

1886.  Sesame Street Oscar Accidentally Helps Telly (Letter of the Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6g2YHItl-U&pp=sAQA

1887.  Sesame Street Oscar Doesn't Want to Smile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGNEBA3ZOJc&pp=sAQA

1888.  Sesame Street Oscar ft. Macklemore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STH9ZpeFH2o&pp=sAQA

1889.  Sesame Street Oscar Goes to the Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2SNzNvqTGU&pp=sAQA

1890.  Sesame Street Oscar Plays the Trading Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=On16dlsJJUg&pp=sAQA

1891.  Sesame Street Oscar the Grouch Says #StayHome.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wGYi6o6qT0&pp=sAQA

1892.  Sesame Street Oscar Tricks Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8DMw-zcaCA&pp=sAQA

1893.  Sesame Street Oscar Uncanned Sizzle with Allison Williams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3RYsRTUZy8&pp=sAQA

1894.  Sesame Street Oscar's Bein' Green.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOWJWJAoAg0&pp=sAQA

1895.  Sesame Street Oscar's Cell Phone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tE9uKTgmQvY&pp=sAQA

1896.  Sesame Street Oscar's Rotten RideJunk My Jacket  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HrYRO0WnPM&pp=sAQA

1897.  Sesame Street Oscar’s Mom Comes for a Visit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JRoo4o9fF8&pp=sAQA

1898.  Sesame Street Outdoors with Elmo and Jason Mraz with Lyrics  Elmo's Sing-Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfmYMXj8JF8&pp=sAQA

1899.  Sesame Street Outdoors with Jason Mraz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrqF7yD10Bo&pp=sAQA

1900.  Sesame Street Outer Space ABC's.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sc0UhOnxsow&pp=sAQA

1901.  Sesame Street Outer Space Track  Magical Car Races #5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFoi-TY10Lg&pp=sAQA

1902.  Sesame Street Outerspace Shapes Circle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C62U39-QjHg&pp=sAQA

1903.  Sesame Street Outrageous Makeover - Home Addition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CduAEx0FAdk&pp=sAQA

1904.  Sesame Street P is for Painting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEuC0zR9D2E&pp=sAQA

1905.  Sesame Street P is for Princess and Prince.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gv_-eNOJyBg&pp=sAQA

1906.  Sesame Street P is For Princess available everywhere on DVD!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47z7i79NuK8&pp=sAQA

1907.  Sesame Street P is for Princess.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-5B4ITB2LQ&pp=sAQA

1908.  Sesame Street Padma Lakshmi's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qojGNZ2ZAc&pp=sAQA

1909.  Sesame Street Painting the Letter B.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnmg47cifjY&pp=sAQA

1910.  Sesame Street Pancakes with Maple Syrup  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZ1IXQdM6pM&pp=sAQA

1911.  Sesame Street Papa Bear and Antonio Talk About Exercise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHziRlw7d7A&pp=sAQA

1912.  Sesame Street Papa Bear and Antonio Tell a Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JD1xKAxVtFU&pp=sAQA

1913.  Sesame Street Papa Bear's Hug.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lE7VXsuQsts&pp=sAQA

1914.  Sesame Street Paper Folding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQVVFrJ-B5I&pp=sAQA

1915.  Sesame Street Pass the Football on 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKddtQ0KUM0&pp=sAQA

1916.  Sesame Street Patricia Arquette Metamorphosis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qD10z2wq7Rs&pp=sAQA

1917.  Sesame Street Pau Gasol Coaches Abby Cadabby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twZJeVue85c&pp=sAQA

1918.  Sesame Street Paul Rudd Brilliant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8Fkir1zqck&pp=sAQA

1919.  Sesame Street Paul Simon Sings El Condor Pasa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-yxH66-F-Y&pp=sAQA

1920.  Sesame Street Paula Patton and Elmo - Innovation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1q9DEPDMGw&pp=sAQA

1921.  Sesame Street Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPaAjBdnz74&pp=sAQA

1922.  Sesame Street Pear the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MI8yoDN7Eg&pp=sAQA

1923.  Sesame Street Peek-A-Boo with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8a5sOgDw8s&pp=sAQA

1924.  Sesame Street Peggy Fleming Figure 8 (Throwback).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkIVmYELGFk&pp=sAQA

1925.  Sesame Street Penguin  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uv1oVIJO4ss&pp=sAQA

1926.  Sesame Street Pentatonix Counts (& Sings) to Five.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0b-v-wMR69k&pp=sAQA

1927.  Sesame Street People in Your Neighborhood -- Ballet Dancer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBosuTHehyY&pp=sAQA

1928.  Sesame Street People in Your Neighborhood -- Conductor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJ4UGtDLLYc&pp=sAQA

1929.  Sesame Street People in Your Neighborhood -- Opera Singer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Xrab76v5zU&pp=sAQA

1930.  Sesame Street People in Your Neighborhood with Bob.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2bbnlZwlGQ&pp=sAQA

1931.  Sesame Street People in Your Neighborhood with David.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZlC-GhzNos&pp=sAQA

1932.  Sesame Street Pet at the Vet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSRPvaD3UT8&pp=sAQA

1933.  Sesame Street Pet Show and Tell Iguana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SalAsXi2-X4&pp=sAQA

1934.  Sesame Street Peter Dinklage in Simon Says.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkj4i-QjWrQ&pp=sAQA

1935.  Sesame Street Picasso's Mom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raSyim6s4To&pp=sAQA

1936.  Sesame Street Pigeons and Cookies and Trash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ycvuZAYzyg&pp=sAQA

1937.  Sesame Street Pilobolus Octagon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwOGHwjhucU&pp=sAQA

1938.  Sesame Street Pinball # 5 Animation  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZMqfRDmCyA&pp=sAQA

1939.  Sesame Street Pinball #12 New.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5uR3FxBGd8&pp=sAQA

1940.  Sesame Street Pinball Animation #2  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bd7VK5DdrvM&pp=sAQA

1941.  Sesame Street Pinball Animation #3  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCuByzZv_SY&pp=sAQA

1942.  Sesame Street Pinball Animation Countdown Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTr_HS_O4Ek&pp=sAQA

1943.  Sesame Street Pinball Number Count  Games Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpPbrsWkkFM&pp=sAQA

1944.  Sesame Street Pineapple Pizza  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3lLLHThcYc&pp=sAQA

1945.  Sesame Street Pink Elephant Balloon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rACUYtzXEAs&pp=sAQA

1946.  Sesame Street Pirate Ship Car  Imagination Destination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9m2j8VviH0&pp=sAQA

1947.  Sesame Street Pirates Sneak Peek!  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NX44QrmLvpg&pp=sAQA

1948.  Sesame Street Pirates' Treasure  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5rK8Pci3k8&pp=sAQA

1949.  Sesame Street Pirouette.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVER-AoKBRY&pp=sAQA

1950.  Sesame Street Pizza Box Dance Song  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCScsYz22Ew&pp=sAQA

1951.  Sesame Street Pizza Delivery Astronaut  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0lpgWfNhKk&pp=sAQA

1952.  Sesame Street Placido Peligro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Capf-AAP1B8&pp=sAQA

1953.  Sesame Street Plain White T's Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABaWlQgzh90&pp=sAQA

1954.  Sesame Street Plan (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KlZBtvSrxE&pp=sAQA

1955.  Sesame Street Plane Ride With Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PGgt_XESH4&pp=sAQA

1956.  Sesame Street Planet Bert  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2OqEhMwgco&pp=sAQA

1957.  Sesame Street Planet Moon and Stars (Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Xu42oCuFTI&pp=sAQA

1958.  Sesame Street Plant Pose  Monster Yoga with Elmo and Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpH2s1sgrHc&pp=sAQA

1959.  Sesame Street Play and Sing with Julia!  Julia Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCorQC6vfNE&pp=sAQA

1960.  Sesame Street Play Ball!  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gt6cHooI6M&pp=sAQA

1961.  Sesame Street Play Elmo Says!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5QuCIHXpJI&pp=sAQA

1962.  Sesame Street Play Elmo the Musical Prince  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heKkv868tS8&pp=sAQA

1963.  Sesame Street Play Estimation Vacation with Guy Smiley!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dy7MH2hZx9o&pp=sAQA

1964.  Sesame Street Play Freeze Dance  Abby's Dance Party #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wX3E1TksyJU&pp=sAQA

1965.  Sesame Street Play Games with Elmo and Friends  Games Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaZ_7wPxHPI&pp=sAQA

1966.  Sesame Street Play in Elmo's Room! (Elmo's World)  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qh3t2BZ2NA&pp=sAQA

1967.  Sesame Street Play Inside G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVjSFbMlpjQ&pp=sAQA

1968.  Sesame Street Play Inside the Letter W.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5NPd4S7DY8&pp=sAQA

1969.  Sesame Street Play Outdoors with Elmo!  Elmo's World Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krdsuFHce4I&pp=sAQA

1970.  Sesame Street Play Pat-a-Cake with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeYBmJPswe0&pp=sAQA

1971.  Sesame Street Play Peek-A-Boo with Elmo & Julia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCsVSHT3tpY&pp=sAQA

1972.  Sesame Street Plaza Sesamo Season 13 Highlights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIpeaFX-5Jo&pp=sAQA

1973.  Sesame Street Porridge (Oatmeal)  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waLa-Zb0POM&pp=sAQA

1974.  Sesame Street Posse of 5 Good Men.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BY5KLcWtUg&pp=sAQA

1975.  Sesame Street Potty Time with Elmo App Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CEX_2q7gYs&pp=sAQA

1976.  Sesame Street Potty Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1DugrrAxIg&pp=sAQA

1977.  Sesame Street Practicing for a Talent Show  Abby's Amazing Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhQ0UIT8-js&pp=sAQA

1978.  Sesame Street Practicing Social Distancing with Abby and Rudy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsScsu_s8FY&pp=sAQA

1979.  Sesame Street Practicing With Victor Borge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNDotER9XEs&pp=sAQA

1980.  Sesame Street Prairie Dawn's School Pageant Seasons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qfuWJzo82k&pp=sAQA

1981.  Sesame Street Prairie's Christmas Pageant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYq5xkhscQs&pp=sAQA

1982.  Sesame Street Preschool is Cool Making Friends - Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAiU072EWCY&pp=sAQA

1983.  Sesame Street Pretend on Halloween  Halloween Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRlnLAwEvIk&pp=sAQA

1984.  Sesame Street Pretend Teeth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uquavK8-hNU&pp=sAQA

1985.  Sesame Street Pretty Great Performances.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHLQjrNPPME&pp=sAQA

1986.  Sesame Street Preview Big Elmo Fun DVD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PE2zs5sg-7M&pp=sAQA

1987.  Sesame Street Preview Elmo's Learning Adventures Triple Feature DVD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuuUljr09Pc&pp=sAQA

1988.  Sesame Street Preview Elmo's Magic Numbers DVD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjTn2AC3sv0&pp=sAQA

1989.  Sesame Street Preview Singing With The Stars DVD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vr7wbGcvFts&pp=sAQA

1990.  Sesame Street Prince  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3TzGuHNm5Q&pp=sAQA

1991.  Sesame Street Princess and the Pea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNoveBSFDy8&pp=sAQA

1992.  Sesame Street Princess in the Low Tower.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5dHk1uOThA&pp=sAQA

1993.  Sesame Street Professor Cookie Subtracts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQXI_eWbZto&pp=sAQA

1994.  Sesame Street Professor Grover School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g56syCvPp44&pp=sAQA

1995.  Sesame Street Professor Grover Tub Tips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSzHNPSCKI8&pp=sAQA

1996.  Sesame Street Professor TV Open & Closed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FrcjpcaXG4&pp=sAQA

1997.  Sesame Street Proud of Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-61Gqxqjb0&pp=sAQA

1998.  Sesame Street Proud of Your Eyes Song  #ComingTogether.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhnWnWoVAk0&pp=sAQA

1999.  Sesame Street Proud Song with Elmo and Louie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1eCtYSg8QY&pp=sAQA

2000.  Sesame Street Prueba nuevos alimentos!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keV-vIAatkQ&pp=sAQA

2001.  Sesame Street Pumpkin Soup  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTQPLAE4BPs&pp=sAQA

2002.  Sesame Street Pumpkins on Halloween.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvAvbaykWe8&pp=sAQA

2003.  Sesame Street Put Down the Pacifier Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3cJXMXB2Ug&pp=sAQA

2004.  Sesame Street Quatro Gatos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciF2urs5C9g&pp=sAQA

2005.  Sesame Street Queen of 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHDgppc3Sig&pp=sAQA

2006.  Sesame Street Quiero Ser Tu Amigo with Lyrics feat. Romeo Santos  Elmo's Sing Along.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma1Hozzu3yk&pp=sAQA

2007.  Sesame Street Quiet or Loud Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylJ2IBauypE&pp=sAQA

2008.  Sesame Street Quince Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XX1tAXVXXX0&pp=sAQA

2009.  Sesame Street Quincy's Letter Q Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gik6uAIDBB8&pp=sAQA

2010.  Sesame Street R is for Routine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkDwF8RQ2Ow&pp=sAQA

2011.  Sesame Street Rachel's Family.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxeiaiOk3Fk&pp=sAQA

2012.  Sesame Street Raise Your Hand in Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnZfERvn3-I&pp=sAQA

2013.  Sesame Street Raise Your Hand Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYS3JIW18ao&pp=sAQA

2014.  Sesame Street Raise Your Hand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ei_A9QM6UcE&pp=sAQA

2015.  Sesame Street Rappin' Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9ee60wkmZI&pp=sAQA

2016.  Sesame Street Rapping Zebrasaurus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMhIwCLiBN8&pp=sAQA

2017.  Sesame Street Rapunzel is Stuck in a Tower.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JckCIMFbIEg&pp=sAQA

2018.  Sesame Street Rapunzel's Bad Hair Day  Fairy Tales Today with Prairie Dawn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KO8oizjJA0A&pp=sAQA

2019.  Sesame Street Raven Symoné Helps Big Bird Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBX3EYZ3Jxg&pp=sAQA

2020.  Sesame Street Ray Charles and Elmo Sing Believe in Yourself.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WyB4jkcnhI&pp=sAQA

2021.  Sesame Street Read me a Story with Big Bird.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kn41eFHiQN8&pp=sAQA

2022.  Sesame Street Reading Fun with Elmo and Friends  Literacy Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBfkgx8mfLI&pp=sAQA

2023.  Sesame Street Ready For School Compilation with Elmo and Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqEq49gxRgU&pp=sAQA

2024.  Sesame Street Ready Set Grow with Abby and Elmo  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfcruwiU88I&pp=sAQA

2025.  Sesame Street Real Grouches Don't Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHvtKdlAEUk&pp=sAQA

2026.  Sesame Street Reason to Love Letter P.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqSyHtEExBc&pp=sAQA

2027.  Sesame Street Rebecca Lobo and the Letter O.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bY81heuWDVs&pp=sAQA

2028.  Sesame Street Rebecca Romijn Accessories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBXwQuTauDk&pp=sAQA

2029.  Sesame Street Recycling Challenge  Abby's Amazing Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcglvxGuD2w&pp=sAQA

2030.  Sesame Street Recycling Newspaper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTQmCYl8Ap8&pp=sAQA

2031.  Sesame Street Reir (Laugh)  Spanish Word of the Day #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NXCWdeUp7Y&pp=sAQA

2032.  Sesame Street Relax (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq_eDGKs5MU&pp=sAQA

2033.  Sesame Street Relax..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7LD2JXRsmY&pp=sAQA

2034.  Sesame Street Renoir Exercise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWMgRWKr8Ts&pp=sAQA

2035.  Sesame Street Repair Monster  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn_KWoZ409Y&pp=sAQA

2036.  Sesame Street Repair with Kat Dennings and Abby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsB_SiobFfk&pp=sAQA

2037.  Sesame Street Respect  Word on the Street.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOzrAK4gOSo&pp=sAQA

2038.  Sesame Street Respect is a Home Run!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVDrUa9sDxs&pp=sAQA

2039.  Sesame Street Respect is Coming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2ppLtHbag4&pp=sAQA

2040.  Sesame Street Respect World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1Efoe-Wx7w&pp=sAQA

2041.  Sesame Street Reuse and Make Something New.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ANgErGe9eo&pp=sAQA

2042.  Sesame Street Rhyme Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqmFUm0sO2c&pp=sAQA

2043.  Sesame Street Rhyme Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGD8mIo1PnU&pp=sAQA

2044.  Sesame Street Rhyme with Bert and Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMMRI7H8sEI&pp=sAQA

2045.  Sesame Street Rhyming Day  Waiter Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GpPJrUlEwo&pp=sAQA

2046.  Sesame Street Ricky Gervais Stumbles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=butK5FEByMc&pp=sAQA

2047.  Sesame Street Rico Rodriguez Magnify.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73ePDf6Nmqk&pp=sAQA

2048.  Sesame Street Robin Williams Conflict.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gl3e-OUnavQ&pp=sAQA

2049.  Sesame Street Rocco Fiorentino Sings Everybody's Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-dVEYP82a8&pp=sAQA

2050.  Sesame Street Rocks #9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6eW0AQYMgo&pp=sAQA

2051.  Sesame Street Rocks Number 12.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiYXpEMaymc&pp=sAQA

2052.  Sesame Street Romeo and Alphabet with Telly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dgTWp_jM80&pp=sAQA

2053.  Sesame Street Romeo Santos and Elmo sing Quiero Ser Tu Amigo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KM1jK8viuOI&pp=sAQA

2054.  Sesame Street Roosevelt Franklin Explains HereThere.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vt8bl_4etAw&pp=sAQA

2055.  Sesame Street Rosanna Pansino and Cookie Make a Snack!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AG9yMb-K62g&pp=sAQA

2056.  Sesame Street Rosie and Elmo's Alphabet Rap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8Y8HeeJUzM&pp=sAQA

2057.  Sesame Street Rosita and Big Bird's Favorite Letter Song  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaxEbWb310Q&pp=sAQA

2058.  Sesame Street Rosita and Gabi Sing Tu Me Gustas Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tqR26IZuBU&pp=sAQA

2059.  Sesame Street Rosita Explores the Great Barrier Reef  Story Time Adventures #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOlFOSEpDJM&pp=sAQA

2060.  Sesame Street Rosita Meets Prairie Dawn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPXtRayW-iY&pp=sAQA

2061.  Sesame Street Rosita Sings and Counts in Spanish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QF85Kg3yTQA&pp=sAQA

2062.  Sesame Street Rosita the Grouch  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Akx0o0Mg2zg&pp=sAQA

2063.  Sesame Street Rosita's Family Feast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpksThcSY30&pp=sAQA

2064.  Sesame Street Rosita's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGomtF4dBMs&pp=sAQA

2065.  Sesame Street Rosita's Spanish Word of the Day - Gracias.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pwiyWgccc8&pp=sAQA

2066.  Sesame Street Rotten Eggs and Jam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Lsd4vOLETk&pp=sAQA

2067.  Sesame Street Rotten Grouchy Mothers Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlBdCQ1-x8E&pp=sAQA

2068.  Sesame Street Row Row Row Your Boat with Hansel and Gretel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwnW_bAk2wE&pp=sAQA

2069.  Sesame Street Rubber Dolly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWPHmMZavWA&pp=sAQA

2070.  Sesame Street Rubber Duckie  Sesame Street Rewind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBy03hCclJY&pp=sAQA

2071.  Sesame Street Rubber Duckie featuring Daveed Diggs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=punrsuK62fM&pp=sAQA

2072.  Sesame Street Rubber Duckie Gets Hiccups with Bert and Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DBlBtG5lgc&pp=sAQA

2073.  Sesame Street Rube Goldberg Letter L.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bOTf_s8jFE&pp=sAQA

2074.  Sesame Street Rube Goldberg Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mTjSYzK01c&pp=sAQA

2075.  Sesame Street Ruben Studdard And Elmo Sing Soul Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rtYQJJUBWI&pp=sAQA

2076.  Sesame Street Rudy's Clothing Drive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Usty4s-EQpc&pp=sAQA

2077.  Sesame Street Rudy's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SdWYBYqlBc8&pp=sAQA

2078.  Sesame Street Run!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zoeoOZmyqg&pp=sAQA

2079.  Sesame Street Rutina Wesley and Elmo make a Plan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vbJc4PC9qc&pp=sAQA

2080.  Sesame Street S is for School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2odXfRjn1rI&pp=sAQA

2081.  Sesame Street S Is for Sing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiyJYQ8UfrU&pp=sAQA

2082.  Sesame Street S is for Songs with Sia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlVtF3dAyxs&pp=sAQA

2083.  Sesame Street S is for Sports with Chloe Kim and Big Bird.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=El7pr2iQIDc&pp=sAQA

2084.  Sesame Street S is for Storytelling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHOUpX2583s&pp=sAQA

2085.  Sesame Street Sad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hBYDrBnMnc&pp=sAQA

2086.  Sesame Street Safari Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4x0ZwpfM7tg&pp=sAQA

2087.  Sesame Street Salty & Pierre Number 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc6B2exhTfg&pp=sAQA

2088.  Sesame Street Salty & Pierre Number 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gtywhw4feyU&pp=sAQA

2089.  Sesame Street Salvatore Dada's Abstract Art.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIjShf7fkD0&pp=sAQA

2090.  Sesame Street Sam the Robot Learns Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0LBqXr8dUQ&pp=sAQA

2091.  Sesame Street Same & Different With Kermit and Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5lx_gsjmI0&pp=sAQA

2092.  Sesame Street Same and Different with Elmo and Abby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uATf5EhLebM&pp=sAQA

2093.  Sesame Street Same Old Bert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pD0CL4KJOa8&pp=sAQA

2094.  Sesame Street Sand Animals Sing a Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85BZM_namOs&pp=sAQA

2095.  Sesame Street Santa Song Believe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpajVcUro-8&pp=sAQA

2096.  Sesame Street Sarah Jessica Parker Pair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSo9nZx5KV4&pp=sAQA

2097.  Sesame Street Sarah Michelle Gellar is Disappointed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7jxiKZ7qho&pp=sAQA

2098.  Sesame Street Savion Glover Rhymes and Taps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c360ztXHlXc&pp=sAQA

2099.  Sesame Street Say Goodbye with a Smile Song  #FirstDayofSchool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uyx7M8wV0qE&pp=sAQA

2100.  Sesame Street Say Hi! Song with Chamki and Friends!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oS-H2AX-40I&pp=sAQA

2101.  Sesame Street Scared of the Dark  Abby's Advice #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glJkfKivwCA&pp=sAQA

2102.  Sesame Street Science and Nature School  Murray Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYtOWSLo3ds&pp=sAQA

2103.  Sesame Street Science Sink or Float - START THE EXPERIMENT HERE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dy0S1Pv0eOE&pp=sAQA

2104.  Sesame Street Sculpture with Jon Hamm (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTsIqS_H7Jg&pp=sAQA

2105.  Sesame Street Sea Captain  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNnvU39AdTI&pp=sAQA

2106.  Sesame Street Search for a Needle in a Haystack  Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lt5ryf8EtZQ&pp=sAQA

2107.  Sesame Street Search for the Lost Cookie  Me Want Cookie #6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRvgTjV3GwI&pp=sAQA

2108.  Sesame Street Season 40 Highlights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ip9iYl9IFM&pp=sAQA

2109.  Sesame Street Season 40 Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr_QnYaKbQY&pp=sAQA

2110.  Sesame Street Season 41 Highlight Reel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4mllBjgr4U&pp=sAQA

2111.  Sesame Street Season 42 Highlights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oIhx-MkV88&pp=sAQA

2112.  Sesame Street Season 42 Sneak Peek -- Abby's Flying Fairy School, Pandora's Lunch Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oa9e31Gr_U&pp=sAQA

2113.  Sesame Street Season 42 Sneak Peek -- Failure To Launch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nensowD2U9o&pp=sAQA

2114.  Sesame Street Season 42 Sneak Peek -- Humpty Dumpty's Big Break.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRTMHQTcUQk&pp=sAQA

2115.  Sesame Street Season 42 Sneak Peek -- Murray's Science Experiments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2tNo0m4TKA&pp=sAQA

2116.  Sesame Street Season 42 Sneak Peek -- Rocco's Boat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSsiskjQ9x4&pp=sAQA

2117.  Sesame Street Season 42 Sneak Peek -- Siblings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXHyz2b-amE&pp=sAQA

2118.  Sesame Street Season 42 Sneak Peek -- The Latinization of Marco.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wn0_ISsT9z0&pp=sAQA

2119.  Sesame Street Season 42 Sneak Peek -- Word on the Street - Engineer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6vNCIWrKiE&pp=sAQA

2120.  Sesame Street Season 43 Highlights!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R88hA99Wh8E&pp=sAQA

2121.  Sesame Street Season 43 Sneak Peek - Abby's Flying Fairy School - The Henking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7S6TADUSNR0&pp=sAQA

2122.  Sesame Street Season 43 Sneak Peek - Baby Bear Comes Clean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvPCb8Uwgnw&pp=sAQA

2123.  Sesame Street Season 43 Sneak Peek - Get Lost Mr. Chips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDDSWAATle0&pp=sAQA

2124.  Sesame Street Season 43 Sneak Peek - Sesame Street-O-Saurus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-RqKUHWd1g&pp=sAQA

2125.  Sesame Street Season 43 Sneak Peek - The Very End of X.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghRbyuUixJM&pp=sAQA

2126.  Sesame Street Season 45 Sizzle Reel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vje_2s_OCyM&pp=sAQA

2127.  Sesame Street Season 46 Highlights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80v4K8sXhpo&pp=sAQA

2128.  Sesame Street Season 47 Sizzle Reel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SY22m6zrhXc&pp=sAQA

2129.  Sesame Street Seat Belt Fastened.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6m-8lombEs&pp=sAQA

2130.  Sesame Street Secretary Sebilius and Elmo Flu PSA Fall 2010.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1eypvKEEY4&pp=sAQA

2131.  Sesame Street Self Portrait of Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=groARKSKySU&pp=sAQA

2132.  Sesame Street Sesame Amigos Season One Sizzle Reel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2xU71n1jag&pp=sAQA

2133.  Sesame Street Sesame Moment Dennis Franz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnBh-k3xd3s&pp=sAQA

2134.  Sesame Street Sesame Moment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpaOo1WSPGI&pp=sAQA

2135.  Sesame Street Sesame Street For Military Families.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HI1AMomhO6A&pp=sAQA

2136.  Sesame Street Sesame Street's Search for a New Hispanic Neighbor -- Part One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8ZGEkSZD5Y&pp=sAQA

2137.  Sesame Street Sesame Street's Search for a New Hispanic Neighbor -- Part Three.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPKJsTMQf7w&pp=sAQA

2138.  Sesame Street Sesame Street's Search for a New Hispanic Neighbor -- Part Two.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0K2zrkGzAzE&pp=sAQA

2139.  Sesame Street Set Your Piggies Free.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7pU-ygiFPk&pp=sAQA

2140.  Sesame Street Seth Meyers Greets the Count.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxQOdVHekuQ&pp=sAQA

2141.  Sesame Street Seth Rogen Embarrassed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yr1wc4khkGM&pp=sAQA

2142.  Sesame Street Seven Fish Song with Elmo  #ThrowbackThursdays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDG1rg6qCj4&pp=sAQA

2143.  Sesame Street Seven's Interrogation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHfl7ImmALM&pp=sAQA

2144.  Sesame Street Shapes with Hero Guy and Baby Bear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIPJrZNAYb4&pp=sAQA

2145.  Sesame Street Share a Cookie with Cookie Monster  Cookie Monster Snack Chat #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuSuyZpqTtg&pp=sAQA

2146.  Sesame Street Share It Maybe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qTIGg3I5y8&pp=sAQA

2147.  Sesame Street Shari Lewis and Lambchop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6JKinrhrfc&pp=sAQA

2148.  Sesame Street Sharing Song with Elmo and Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rK14Ejaoqqw&pp=sAQA

2149.  Sesame Street Sharing Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewhwY5-EP38&pp=sAQA

2150.  Sesame Street Sharing Things (Stranger Things Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npcqBt_e4k0&pp=sAQA

2151.  Sesame Street Shell Game with Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PNBkSV14tk&pp=sAQA

2152.  Sesame Street Sheryl Crow Sings Soak Up the Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUcWNz4YXlA&pp=sAQA

2153.  Sesame Street Show Open Season 38.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EodW_yaVAi0&pp=sAQA

2154.  Sesame Street Siblings  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFXkgd6ojKA&pp=sAQA

2155.  Sesame Street Signing Exercise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7difl-u1on8&pp=sAQA

2156.  Sesame Street Signing Night Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GdawG7CBNo&pp=sAQA

2157.  Sesame Street Silly Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTEAEpqSZgI&pp=sAQA

2158.  Sesame Street Silly Sounding Words.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0_b8F41M3g&pp=sAQA

2159.  Sesame Street Simon's Cat and Elmo take a Nap!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3m5fdRpjA4&pp=sAQA

2160.  Sesame Street Simple as 123 Song  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfvL3HaWqQc&pp=sAQA

2161.  Sesame Street Sing  Sesame Street Rewind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nziTZVo3jvc&pp=sAQA

2162.  Sesame Street Sing After Me with Ernie and Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtnuHbHbveg&pp=sAQA

2163.  Sesame Street Sing Along with Elmo and Friends!  Lyric Video Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyfro2hgdcQ&pp=sAQA

2164.  Sesame Street Sing Fruit Salad with The Wiggles and Sesame Street!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCFSHFdh-Ig&pp=sAQA

2165.  Sesame Street Sing the Alphabet Song!  Sesame Street Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=783EsrHchXA&pp=sAQA

2166.  Sesame Street Sing Through the Years Mashup  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jj6f4t5hqj0&pp=sAQA

2167.  Sesame Street Sing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sU0MIJI-iio&pp=sAQA

2168.  Sesame Street SingCanta  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxOft5QZjDI&pp=sAQA

2169.  Sesame Street Singing About Friendship with Erykah Badu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENWPxcdIoYo&pp=sAQA

2170.  Sesame Street Singing in the Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFYv91jG36E&pp=sAQA

2171.  Sesame Street Singing with the Stars 2 Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrKJZEzyITE&pp=sAQA

2172.  Sesame Street Sit Down Song with Elmo and Jack McBrayer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0VzY7M6LpM&pp=sAQA

2173.  Sesame Street Sit Down Stand Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7oUc5U2h-k&pp=sAQA

2174.  Sesame Street Six Feet Under.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4_MMInV6tg&pp=sAQA

2175.  Sesame Street Skidamarink Song  Animated Nursery Rhyme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHe-RBwPI9k&pp=sAQA

2176.  Sesame Street Skin Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uy5F2hMNC9M&pp=sAQA

2177.  Sesame Street Sleeping Beauty Storybook Moment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLdvrXKS8rc&pp=sAQA

2178.  Sesame Street Slimey to the Moon with Tony Bennett.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4cmRaHMLGM&pp=sAQA

2179.  Sesame Street Slimey's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82bGfh9hbE0&pp=sAQA

2180.  Sesame Street Slow Motion Adding Chairs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wXBHw6h6zA&pp=sAQA

2181.  Sesame Street Smart Cookies Must Stop the Crumb  Smart Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDMtWXbvofI&pp=sAQA

2182.  Sesame Street Smart Thinking with Cookie Monster and Ernie  #Throwback Thursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FfxIsA1x1U&pp=sAQA

2183.  Sesame Street Smarter, Stronger, Kinder Song (Season 46 Closing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hviFeDR8DqQ&pp=sAQA

2184.  Sesame Street Snoring Beauty with the Count.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8g7oXRJ_8I&pp=sAQA

2185.  Sesame Street Snow White.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMS9DRrzQT8&pp=sAQA

2186.  Sesame Street Snowball Cookie Chase  Me Want Cookie #8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZEC9s7FPRs&pp=sAQA

2187.  Sesame Street Snowman Poem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6Qd-b8kXiA&pp=sAQA

2188.  Sesame Street Snuffy And Joey Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFiBhNFJ0DQ&pp=sAQA

2189.  Sesame Street Snuffy Finds Fluffy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLlxXVfxZ28&pp=sAQA

2190.  Sesame Street Snuffy is NOT an Elephant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGNXmivflso&pp=sAQA

2191.  Sesame Street Snuffy is Revealed  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BtemfoJ-WI&pp=sAQA

2192.  Sesame Street Snuffy's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O39nBOcnDyM&pp=sAQA

2193.  Sesame Street Snuffy's Polka.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qePTbuCZTXo&pp=sAQA

2194.  Sesame Street Snuggle S.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwoetdUZMEQ&pp=sAQA

2195.  Sesame Street Soccer School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MX61DsliPg&pp=sAQA

2196.  Sesame Street Socktober Telethon with Grover and Kid President!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kfZC-Va8To&pp=sAQA

2197.  Sesame Street Sofia Vergara - Baile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J17C1Vd3RRc&pp=sAQA

2198.  Sesame Street Soggy (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAIjSlwHgbU&pp=sAQA

2199.  Sesame Street Somebody Come and Play Song with PS22.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8j-YWmWizDQ&pp=sAQA

2200.  Sesame Street Song - Cookie Monster sings Me Am What Me Am.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxDpW8kiBeM&pp=sAQA

2201.  Sesame Street Song - Count It Higher with little Chrissy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLZIMUYdtrU&pp=sAQA

2202.  Sesame Street Song - Counting Backwards in Spanish with The Count.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_B1X1zgqxMI&pp=sAQA

2203.  Sesame Street Song - Dirt Dirt Dirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAumwxTgkhM&pp=sAQA

2204.  Sesame Street Song - Elmo Didn't Mean To.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKUgX232Qwc&pp=sAQA

2205.  Sesame Street Song - Elmo Feels Proud.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BQYzXL2tHE&pp=sAQA

2206.  Sesame Street Song - Hurray for X.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2P05zJnTmE&pp=sAQA

2207.  Sesame Street Song - Hush Little Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkpS6wmMGvM&pp=sAQA

2208.  Sesame Street Song - I want to be a Service Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQFV1FXAU_g&pp=sAQA

2209.  Sesame Street Song - Rocco's Boat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZFFhz5JnJw&pp=sAQA

2210.  Sesame Street Song - Super Grover with a G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5k-JeDtWvY&pp=sAQA

2211.  Sesame Street Song - Walking the Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5jZQUoTONs&pp=sAQA

2212.  Sesame Street Song -- Ernie sings Feelings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzDDmtw8L74&pp=sAQA

2213.  Sesame Street Song -- I Love My Hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enpFde5rgmw&pp=sAQA

2214.  Sesame Street Song 9 Pigeons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AXaWdM-h5s&pp=sAQA

2215.  Sesame Street Song All I Can Do Is Cry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jb6haGTMF8&pp=sAQA

2216.  Sesame Street Song B is for Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qy2Dl-Tb0_s&pp=sAQA

2217.  Sesame Street Song Be Doodle Dee Dum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zI9OaTJyg_Y&pp=sAQA

2218.  Sesame Street Song Guy Smiley sings I'll Love You In Spring Time..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snnM0AhSwgc&pp=sAQA

2219.  Sesame Street Song I Wonder 'Bout The World with Kermit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JK3eZ7zw4VY&pp=sAQA

2220.  Sesame Street Song Letter M Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IA5dl98ySzI&pp=sAQA

2221.  Sesame Street Song Love the Ocean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wchQhUqk0fc&pp=sAQA

2222.  Sesame Street Song of One (Baker #1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsJRlfjYo9Y&pp=sAQA

2223.  Sesame Street Song of the Count.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIniljT5lJI&pp=sAQA

2224.  Sesame Street Song Shake Shake The Mango Tree.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4war7sLnuQ&pp=sAQA

2225.  Sesame Street Song The Subway!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNBVTCJ9Dks&pp=sAQA

2226.  Sesame Street Song There's An App For That.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhkxDIr0y2U&pp=sAQA

2227.  Sesame Street Songs  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4DPLvb9-u0&pp=sAQA

2228.  Sesame Street Songs about Kindness Compilation with Elmo, Tori Kelly and more!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuMY2noPt08&pp=sAQA

2229.  Sesame Street Songs Medley feat. Joyous String Ensemble  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0k2Cvd6gkbA&pp=sAQA

2230.  Sesame Street Sonia Sotomayor and Abby - Career.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHICz5MYxNQ&pp=sAQA

2231.  Sesame Street Sonia Sotomayor The Justice Hears a Case..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FizspmIJbAw&pp=sAQA

2232.  Sesame Street Sons of Poetry (Sons of Anarchy Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmICU1gMAAw&pp=sAQA

2233.  Sesame Street Sophie Turner's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAJuHhnOW_w&pp=sAQA

2234.  Sesame Street Sorting Song with Cookie Monster and Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENFJUEM0XTc&pp=sAQA

2235.  Sesame Street South American Drums!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8dqJqnPvk4&pp=sAQA

2236.  Sesame Street South Potato.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Xh4sPc8x9A&pp=sAQA

2237.  Sesame Street Spaceship Surprise Next Generation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xXY_5NLCNY&pp=sAQA

2238.  Sesame Street Spanish G Word Song with Rosita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITRAiOk9f30&pp=sAQA

2239.  Sesame Street Spanish Me, English Me Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7M084SkP1i8&pp=sAQA

2240.  Sesame Street Spanish Word of Day Feliz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON1PoKIc_-U&pp=sAQA

2241.  Sesame Street Special How to Celebrate Lunar New Year!  Mandarin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBgBdlndrA0&pp=sAQA

2242.  Sesame Street Special National Doctor's Day Message  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgO7c38K5YQ&pp=sAQA

2243.  Sesame Street SpiderMonster The Musical  Sneak Peak!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aR1DdMeVqTw&pp=sAQA

2244.  Sesame Street Spreading Kindness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clmMaM8-Ufw&pp=sAQA

2245.  Sesame Street Spring Is Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FD5sIQS_u0&pp=sAQA

2246.  Sesame Street Spring Songs Compilation  Elmo's Butterfly Friend and more!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROZrfdCNYfE&pp=sAQA

2247.  Sesame Street Spring Symphony in the Meadow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJ7agVA7Ftw&pp=sAQA

2248.  Sesame Street Stand By Your Can.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZlCyOk70W8&pp=sAQA

2249.  Sesame Street Standing Up to a Bully.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YN21Xz9v17Y&pp=sAQA

2250.  Sesame Street Star Pose  Monster Yoga with Elmo and Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4sd3ks_eLo&pp=sAQA

2251.  Sesame Street Star S'Mores (Star Wars Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-LfQCPJJkY&pp=sAQA

2252.  Sesame Street Star Wars Alphabet Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMHyHSGTRJ0&pp=sAQA

2253.  Sesame Street Star Wars Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDRlZHn_oPE&pp=sAQA

2254.  Sesame Street Starfish Art Show with Julia and Sam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcrrbmILhdc&pp=sAQA

2255.  Sesame Street Startin Kindergarten.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4NI1_2UCsc&pp=sAQA

2256.  Sesame Street Steel Drum Rhythm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJkNDMUidYo&pp=sAQA

2257.  Sesame Street Steppin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LK3JS3spMgI&pp=sAQA

2258.  Sesame Street Steve Carrell - Vote.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clwNdZggYcI&pp=sAQA

2259.  Sesame Street Sticks and Stones Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSc6nc7o8O4&pp=sAQA

2260.  Sesame Street Stir Fry with Brussel Sprouts  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJQ8hYdxXv8&pp=sAQA

2261.  Sesame Street Stop and Think Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8hCjrH-1JQ&pp=sAQA

2262.  Sesame Street Story Book Builder  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOKdLW2NmWg&pp=sAQA

2263.  Sesame Street Story Time Compilation  Kids Book Read Aloud  1 Hour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTVndJzmcTg&pp=sAQA

2264.  Sesame Street Story Time with Julia and Samuel  Super Fluffster (Animated).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JN1t5nfEgg&pp=sAQA

2265.  Sesame Street Strategy (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ym-w8J4PHZw&pp=sAQA

2266.  Sesame Street Street Steppin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-4NDOrmgFQ&pp=sAQA

2267.  Sesame Street Strenuous with Wendi and Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uf2Ij_e7p5M&pp=sAQA

2268.  Sesame Street Stressful Event PSA - Elmo's Tip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=080SefkwI64&pp=sAQA

2269.  Sesame Street Stressful Event PSA - Encourage Questions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdokRYrKRE4&pp=sAQA

2270.  Sesame Street Stressful Event PSA - Stay Calm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6uT1fv6mJY&pp=sAQA

2271.  Sesame Street Stressful Event PSA - Tell a Grown-up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAlu4TtOsEY&pp=sAQA

2272.  Sesame Street Stressful Event PSA - What Kids Watch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7RFKX2_zbg&pp=sAQA

2273.  Sesame Street Stretch with Misty Copeland and Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP6Oz9Dw0v8&pp=sAQA

2274.  Sesame Street Sturdy (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvHKCiF-h2I&pp=sAQA

2275.  Sesame Street Succotash with Onions  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UM35R5rcD3Q&pp=sAQA

2276.  Sesame Street Sully Supplies Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RI6lFR3zGTc&pp=sAQA

2277.  Sesame Street Summer Anthem Song  Fun in the Sun!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErV-IeYjDG0&pp=sAQA

2278.  Sesame Street Summer Fun Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CRH2oOuUD0&pp=sAQA

2279.  Sesame Street Summer Squall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3AFecFjo00&pp=sAQA

2280.  Sesame Street Summoned to the King's Picnic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kdhyQ39vgQ&pp=sAQA

2281.  Sesame Street Sun vs Cloud feat. Anthony Ramos & Aneesa Folds  Fun in the Sun Rap Battle #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eN7onzHXk4k&pp=sAQA

2282.  Sesame Street Sunny Days (Season 46 Opening).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2rBhpVDzO8&pp=sAQA

2283.  Sesame Street Sunny Days Show Open Through the Years  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5FOA0oM5I8&pp=sAQA

2284.  Sesame Street Sunny Days Word Mashup  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooq1uQgTGiE&pp=sAQA

2285.  Sesame Street Sunny Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TBhvT9prac&pp=sAQA

2286.  Sesame Street Super Come-meriendas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpCHyMh23LU&pp=sAQA

2287.  Sesame Street Super Grover 2.0 with Jay Sean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToUDGw4E7rI&pp=sAQA

2288.  Sesame Street Super Grover Flies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKanTX1huJw&pp=sAQA

2289.  Sesame Street Super Grover Helps a Cow Down the Stairs  Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LWgPh_k5DI&pp=sAQA

2290.  Sesame Street Super Grover Helps a Duck to a Party  Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PE1gPVK0ST8&pp=sAQA

2291.  Sesame Street Super Grover Helps Sarah Jessica Parker Find Big.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFAE4tx22eA&pp=sAQA

2292.  Sesame Street Super Grover Paints a Still Life  Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iovyz8hhgFs&pp=sAQA

2293.  Sesame Street Super Grover Saves Elmo's Apple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPfyOmHqjco&pp=sAQA

2294.  Sesame Street Super Grover Teaches Elmo to Fly  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjYT7-36oqo&pp=sAQA

2295.  Sesame Street Super Grover Teaches Super Monster School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8m2hlW25Ak&pp=sAQA

2296.  Sesame Street Super Morphin' Mega Monsters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rS5ZKfGWa7c&pp=sAQA

2297.  Sesame Street Super Snackers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WJa2ho2sgw&pp=sAQA

2298.  Sesame Street Super Snowman with Hero Guy and Baby Bear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HgS3Pie_Qg&pp=sAQA

2299.  Sesame Street Super Zero the Hero.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJKv5606OL0&pp=sAQA

2300.  Sesame Street Superhero  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txUDgpGpeV4&pp=sAQA

2301.  Sesame Street Superheroes  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0gCD5I9o9c&pp=sAQA

2302.  Sesame Street Superman's Favorite Letter S.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFd-nQ2GBzc&pp=sAQA

2303.  Sesame Street Surprise Present.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9h4YQA3_JWQ&pp=sAQA

2304.  Sesame Street Surprises in the Pumpkin Patch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1PJX9aLWTo&pp=sAQA

2305.  Sesame Street Surprising the British.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Df7kUedWwn8&pp=sAQA

2306.  Sesame Street Survivor Musical Chairs with Elmo, Telly, and Zoe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JIXz_Xf_A4&pp=sAQA

2307.  Sesame Street Swamp Mushy Muddy (Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5E_yc_49FA&pp=sAQA

2308.  Sesame Street Sweet Potato Cake  Cookie Monster Snack Chat with Carla Hall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FknI-Ta7AIo&pp=sAQA

2309.  Sesame Street Swim Like Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkJSE3dMVb8&pp=sAQA

2310.  Sesame Street Swim Like Sea Lions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFeKneay0ao&pp=sAQA

2311.  Sesame Street T Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYB7bwnVcU4&pp=sAQA

2312.  Sesame Street T is for Theater with Chance the Rapper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRn_xQMdM4U&pp=sAQA

2313.  Sesame Street T is for Turtle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrf4kIl5nHs&pp=sAQA

2314.  Sesame Street Taco Shells  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5f6ao8YiHE&pp=sAQA

2315.  Sesame Street Take A Safari!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKoEtcMxySk&pp=sAQA

2316.  Sesame Street Take the Hand of One You Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FbD3tiDEg8&pp=sAQA

2317.  Sesame Street Taming of the Shoe  Monsterpiece Theater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cb6wG1DAvm4&pp=sAQA

2318.  Sesame Street Telly and Zoe Teach the Letter Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0OT3hgTCxU&pp=sAQA

2319.  Sesame Street Telly Interviews a Big Sister.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVJmyFdzfqQ&pp=sAQA

2320.  Sesame Street Telly is Jealous!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKx0QwsnvXc&pp=sAQA

2321.  Sesame Street Telly Plays the Triangle with Big Bird.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0q3ImOtnds&pp=sAQA

2322.  Sesame Street Telly Surprises Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZA4u-Ko4NQ&pp=sAQA

2323.  Sesame Street Telly's Aquarium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Zo6AUuLiAA&pp=sAQA

2324.  Sesame Street Telly's Blanket Fort  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQhyc7tBulM&pp=sAQA

2325.  Sesame Street Telly's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHxbtKdFUy0&pp=sAQA

2326.  Sesame Street Ten Tiny Turtles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TA16B6ubE8&pp=sAQA

2327.  Sesame Street Terrence Howard Incognito.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Q6055y8vB0&pp=sAQA

2328.  Sesame Street Terry Crews is an Artist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_DvwI01_KI&pp=sAQA

2329.  Sesame Street Thankful for Friends Song with Leon Bridges.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIxu7KuP3Ik&pp=sAQA

2330.  Sesame Street Thanksgiving  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDPCe8kNc_0&pp=sAQA

2331.  Sesame Street Thanksgiving Apple Pie  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcXtW9tzBX4&pp=sAQA

2332.  Sesame Street That's About the Size.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ABxl46Ovv8&pp=sAQA

2333.  Sesame Street That's Camouflage Song with Elmo, Rosita, and Kyra Sedgwick!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsbBr0ZvMTI&pp=sAQA

2334.  Sesame Street That's Home Song with Elmo and Tango  #FurryFriendsForever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLsHZPeK8R8&pp=sAQA

2335.  Sesame Street That's the Way I Read Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hS5PxtARpeA&pp=sAQA

2336.  Sesame Street That's What's Friends Are For with Bert and Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7f93mEUOigE&pp=sAQA

2337.  Sesame Street That’s Music (with Fifth Harmony).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiOUptZ-R1E&pp=sAQA

2338.  Sesame Street The 'No' Dance with Oscar and Elmo  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAeyUeQZ_q0&pp=sAQA

2339.  Sesame Street The A Team opening theme song..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xT6LA8YNpM&pp=sAQA

2340.  Sesame Street The ABCs of Moving You featuring The Wiggles  Alphabet Sing-Along!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nf88ykvRH54&pp=sAQA

2341.  Sesame Street The Amazing Frog  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFmB0yJ1xJ8&pp=sAQA

2342.  Sesame Street The Aveggies- Age of Bon Bon (Avengers Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHPn5d7wRtk&pp=sAQA

2343.  Sesame Street The Bert and Ernie Christmas Special with Tony Sirico and Steve Schirripa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjABs9poa3Y&pp=sAQA

2344.  Sesame Street The Best of Grover Songs Compilation!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnDMCjquf58&pp=sAQA

2345.  Sesame Street The Bird Family Song  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrjNQo0YDic&pp=sAQA

2346.  Sesame Street The Breakfast Club Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtzGQVGRKec&pp=sAQA

2347.  Sesame Street The Breakfast Song  Daily Routines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCAseZe0RPI&pp=sAQA

2348.  Sesame Street The Bunny Hop  Story Time with Alan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RIJyw7SOJg&pp=sAQA

2349.  Sesame Street The Cart Before the Horse Sneak Peek!  Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r__cFGfQ8bw&pp=sAQA

2350.  Sesame Street The Case of Ernie's Apple  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZru2AblztQ&pp=sAQA

2351.  Sesame Street The Cheshire Cookie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArCyFkYwq54&pp=sAQA

2352.  Sesame Street The Classical Alphabet with Herry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1cTmv9eDc8&pp=sAQA

2353.  Sesame Street The Closer Sneak Peek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5I5At9kvdu8&pp=sAQA

2354.  Sesame Street The Closer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIX0LsYuUHA&pp=sAQA

2355.  Sesame Street The Cookie Game with Cookie Monster and Prairie Dawn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9tDsHseqeg&pp=sAQA

2356.  Sesame Street The Cookie Games with Cookie Monster  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRHObYpJcnk&pp=sAQA

2357.  Sesame Street The Cookie Monster Nosh (Monster Mash Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtJTi2vPPck&pp=sAQA

2358.  Sesame Street The Cookie Monster Nosh Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyWALL7TxuQ&pp=sAQA

2359.  Sesame Street The Count - Mailbags 1 to 12.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27SLCINKzJc&pp=sAQA

2360.  Sesame Street The Count and Loretta Lynn Sing Count on Me  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iF40JvEVOVc&pp=sAQA

2361.  Sesame Street The Count Counts to Twenty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMrr6s8CSDo&pp=sAQA

2362.  Sesame Street The Count Counts to Zero.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwoWBrT-FyU&pp=sAQA

2363.  Sesame Street The Count Sings About 8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5bqMDGWXO8&pp=sAQA

2364.  Sesame Street The Count Sings About Seven  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjFxWlNwUYo&pp=sAQA

2365.  Sesame Street The Count's Bones Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LP2rVGbZXrw&pp=sAQA

2366.  Sesame Street The Count's Castle Track  Magical Car Races #10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7nrRbaLkXw&pp=sAQA

2367.  Sesame Street The Count's Counting School  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7xLmDZyV3g&pp=sAQA

2368.  Sesame Street The Count's Debut with Bert & Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7AAwIWxIpM&pp=sAQA

2369.  Sesame Street The Counterpillar Meets Rosita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGwnrmHBP0c&pp=sAQA

2370.  Sesame Street The Disappearing Cookie  Me Want Cookie #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiH0_czV68w&pp=sAQA

2371.  Sesame Street The Disappearing Cookies with Amazing Mumford.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLG-jkwuwh8&pp=sAQA

2372.  Sesame Street The Eating Game with Guy Smiley  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hSzgHTl-68&pp=sAQA

2373.  Sesame Street The Elephant Stomp with Oscar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wc0rGxn2bYI&pp=sAQA

2374.  Sesame Street The Family Thing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I477CgUhq_k&pp=sAQA

2375.  Sesame Street The Fancy Schmancy Dinner Party  Smart Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FKVRIe_kKg&pp=sAQA

2376.  Sesame Street The Firefly Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_US5N0Gpi8&pp=sAQA

2377.  Sesame Street The First Time Me Eat Cookie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2_MUD16EIk&pp=sAQA

2378.  Sesame Street The Flower Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKcyvRkAHLk&pp=sAQA

2379.  Sesame Street The Four Seasons  S is for Seasons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcaywqzIXJU&pp=sAQA

2380.  Sesame Street The Ginger Snap Case  Smart Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceN62zqfX-E&pp=sAQA

2381.  Sesame Street The Gingerbread Man  Smart Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lHg3QeCWTk&pp=sAQA

2382.  Sesame Street The Golden Cabbage of Snufertiti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iC6-QQW6lmc&pp=sAQA

2383.  Sesame Street The Great Cookie Thief...Starring Cookie Monster App Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZuQOYilYjk&pp=sAQA

2384.  Sesame Street The Gross Grouch Song with Oscar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgzNVqtvS2w&pp=sAQA

2385.  Sesame Street The Happy Happiness Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Drjapc60-G4&pp=sAQA

2386.  Sesame Street The Harlem Globetrotters - The Number 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1lSDe0Elk4&pp=sAQA

2387.  Sesame Street The Heaviest Catch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcmMc1Yd3Ow&pp=sAQA

2388.  Sesame Street The Hidden Teething Biscuit  Smart Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sh80TSAT2Z4&pp=sAQA

2389.  Sesame Street The Holiday Season Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tk0rkm0t6cA&pp=sAQA

2390.  Sesame Street The Hungry Games- Catching Fur (Hunger Games Catching Fire Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT7nD02Im5E&pp=sAQA

2391.  Sesame Street The Importance of Early Childhood Education.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y93hinehT4U&pp=sAQA

2392.  Sesame Street The Kindness Kid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktOF5SRy01E&pp=sAQA

2393.  Sesame Street The Kingdom of O with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0YY289mFew&pp=sAQA

2394.  Sesame Street The Letter G Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mwEhIs-3YU&pp=sAQA

2395.  Sesame Street The Letter H with Maya Angelou and Herry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhu_vdxOows&pp=sAQA

2396.  Sesame Street The Letter M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fa2Gb_3Cfs&pp=sAQA

2397.  Sesame Street The Letter O with Jon Hamm and Murray.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48TVlDF2WHQ&pp=sAQA

2398.  Sesame Street The Letter X Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GEeX5ztEOI&pp=sAQA

2399.  Sesame Street The Library Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhVwGCx4E2Q&pp=sAQA

2400.  Sesame Street The Lonely N Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btVGz294X0w&pp=sAQA

2401.  Sesame Street The Mad T Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhQiI7qBGgc&pp=sAQA

2402.  Sesame Street The Magical Wand Chase DVD Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAoJ1seH9NQ&pp=sAQA

2403.  Sesame Street The Making of Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CR6Ijel2_ek&pp=sAQA

2404.  Sesame Street The Martians Discover a Telephone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTc3PsW5ghQ&pp=sAQA

2405.  Sesame Street The Missing M (Law & Order Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1SlB8CiGJ0&pp=sAQA

2406.  Sesame Street The Monster at the End of This Book  Celebrity Read Along.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNBgfVJLuzY&pp=sAQA

2407.  Sesame Street The Monster at the End of this Book  Story Time with Rove McManus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJZRAvSo8Gw&pp=sAQA

2408.  Sesame Street The Monster at the end of your Story with Grover and Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgP6XtRyqpU&pp=sAQA

2409.  Sesame Street The Most Important Meal Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPqvODHZt_c&pp=sAQA

2410.  Sesame Street The Muffin Man Remix  Do You Know Elmo's Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2L3sCi4d68c&pp=sAQA

2411.  Sesame Street The Names Song  #ComingTogether.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwvA_7MSjAA&pp=sAQA

2412.  Sesame Street The National Bird.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KC3Wjt1noQw&pp=sAQA

2413.  Sesame Street The New 3 Little Pigs Story  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=118l2OD57NA&pp=sAQA

2414.  Sesame Street The New Old MacDonald Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyL1dTq5Wa8&pp=sAQA

2415.  Sesame Street The New Row, Row, Row Your Boat Song Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51LT4kBwAGY&pp=sAQA

2416.  Sesame Street The Number 20 Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58V52ePkD-Q&pp=sAQA

2417.  Sesame Street The Number 4 Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGVG6o7RuHI&pp=sAQA

2418.  Sesame Street The O Network.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ztq1Kjc7vnw&pp=sAQA

2419.  Sesame Street The Opposite Song with Ernie and Grover  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKlvbyN0id8&pp=sAQA

2420.  Sesame Street The Penguin Party  Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nAcu67oH1c&pp=sAQA

2421.  Sesame Street The Perfect Ball for a Cactus  Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9ZTvHwV4OQ&pp=sAQA

2422.  Sesame Street The Pizza Problem with Julia and her family.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMcMpDIxtqM&pp=sAQA

2423.  Sesame Street The Planet of Huff & Puff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5oIoGEg6Ic&pp=sAQA

2424.  Sesame Street The Power of Investigation with Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3oc8Isk9kA&pp=sAQA

2425.  Sesame Street The Power of Observation with Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmgUo58JUKA&pp=sAQA

2426.  Sesame Street The Power of Questioning with Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTP5SJ_5cuY&pp=sAQA

2427.  Sesame Street The Remembering Game with Cookie Monster  #Throwback Thursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gO5zQftTFaQ&pp=sAQA

2428.  Sesame Street The Sleep Song! with Bert and Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YWIEA4sV2U&pp=sAQA

2429.  Sesame Street The Snuffle Shuffle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKgRddCCkmo&pp=sAQA

2430.  Sesame Street The Song About Hair, Feathers, and Fur!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIqw63uFzkw&pp=sAQA

2431.  Sesame Street The Song of the Count  Sesame Street Rewind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0XAiOGt6rQ&pp=sAQA

2432.  Sesame Street The Sound Man Buys a Trumpet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3N5B21EEXQ&pp=sAQA

2433.  Sesame Street The Spy Who Loved Cookies (007 Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yz9u-oG3BgM&pp=sAQA

2434.  Sesame Street The Street Sings Sunny Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgb1eh1n3ng&pp=sAQA

2435.  Sesame Street The Street We Live On Song  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ADkPGSlP-o&pp=sAQA

2436.  Sesame Street The Ten Commandments of Health  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUhJLBk-Q9k&pp=sAQA

2437.  Sesame Street The Triangle is Right!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_S3qopVb5g&pp=sAQA

2438.  Sesame Street The Twiddlebug's Smoke Detector.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rf2AV_lTEVA&pp=sAQA

2439.  Sesame Street The Two-Headed Monster - Who Has More Milk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IWnl7v9gGY&pp=sAQA

2440.  Sesame Street The Voice - Teaser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MYUA1qgCw8&pp=sAQA

2441.  Sesame Street The Voice Parody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hL0kyOIG9dg&pp=sAQA

2442.  Sesame Street The Waiting Game with Guy Smiley!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsC2W587_Fc&pp=sAQA

2443.  Sesame Street The Walking Gingerbread (The Walking Dead Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJPnYMNGrEc&pp=sAQA

2444.  Sesame Street The Water Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwpHMPH-WbM&pp=sAQA

2445.  Sesame Street The Weather Show with Guy Smiliey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVGiNAxkyR8&pp=sAQA

2446.  Sesame Street The Wheels Go Round.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO2MsEEk5q4&pp=sAQA

2447.  Sesame Street The Wheels on Grover's Bus  Wheels on the Bus Remix #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CARhOUfNI5g&pp=sAQA

2448.  Sesame Street The Wheels on the Fire Truck  Wheels on the Bus Remix #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXGWXpwapUs&pp=sAQA

2449.  Sesame Street The Word is No.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyupP2LxbZI&pp=sAQA

2450.  Sesame Street The World Patty Cake Championships  Smart Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0HpOVpiQy0&pp=sAQA

2451.  Sesame Street Theater B.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sfFPexskeA&pp=sAQA

2452.  Sesame Street There's a Dinosaur in My Room.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2XR5fyJa8A&pp=sAQA

2453.  Sesame Street Things That Start With K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNzavAhbFDA&pp=sAQA

2454.  Sesame Street Things to be Thankful For  Parent PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cH3A_xzZDDw&pp=sAQA

2455.  Sesame Street Think Outside the Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WgCD1ABOMw&pp=sAQA

2456.  Sesame Street This Frog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAv75mTimRc&pp=sAQA

2457.  Sesame Street This is My Street feat. Thomas Rhett  Animated Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bdr_q6WaXwk&pp=sAQA

2458.  Sesame Street This is my Street Song featuring Thomas Rhett  Season 50 Anthem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=565z2Rbp2MU&pp=sAQA

2459.  Sesame Street This is Your Lunch with Guy Smiley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEhAYqPcYtg&pp=sAQA

2460.  Sesame Street Tiki Barber Quest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yf8Ultc_sUI&pp=sAQA

2461.  Sesame Street Tim Robbins and Elmo - Surprise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGdbwR1mNCw&pp=sAQA

2462.  Sesame Street Time to Wash Your Hands PSA  When to Wash Your Hands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJ-LcPIAcds&pp=sAQA

2463.  Sesame Street Timothy Olyphant and Abby Cadabby - Proud.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lS8cC2CaNwA&pp=sAQA

2464.  Sesame Street Tiny Town  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rnSvowgNGQ&pp=sAQA

2465.  Sesame Street TJ Counts to 40 by 10's.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOG7CuekWTA&pp=sAQA

2466.  Sesame Street TJ Sings Me and My Chair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kq_m_mtQmhI&pp=sAQA

2467.  Sesame Street Together We Make Music with Garth Brooks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J52pXV4QvBU&pp=sAQA

2468.  Sesame Street Tomato  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yjhk_-TnfRI&pp=sAQA

2469.  Sesame Street Tomato Musical Preview!  Elmo the Musical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAQGd09EtjU&pp=sAQA

2470.  Sesame Street Tony Danza Gets Mad With Oscar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6TEnxTYHVQ&pp=sAQA

2471.  Sesame Street Toolbox Todd Fixes a Robot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRxBdnl1UFo&pp=sAQA

2472.  Sesame Street Train Sings Five By.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKPNA026SVg&pp=sAQA

2473.  Sesame Street Translate (Word on the Street Podcast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPMVI4jFMaA&pp=sAQA

2474.  Sesame Street Transylvania 1-2-3-4-5 Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSFxZzyH5nM&pp=sAQA

2475.  Sesame Street Trash Gordon Planet Wormhole with Oscar the Grouch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wt9ciH7OdNQ&pp=sAQA

2476.  Sesame Street Trash Gordon's Worm Workout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtyfmRChwRw&pp=sAQA

2477.  Sesame Street Trash Outta Heaven Song  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k886OFlxyJA&pp=sAQA

2478.  Sesame Street Tree Fashion Report with Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXgnB4r4hfg&pp=sAQA

2479.  Sesame Street Trevor's Family.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaQ59_nP4nk&pp=sAQA

2480.  Sesame Street Trick or Treat DVD Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbEEUNauuN4&pp=sAQA

2481.  Sesame Street Trick or Treat with Cookie Monster  Me Want Cookie #7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PXeF-ug-D0&pp=sAQA

2482.  Sesame Street Tropical Five.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPYonwK-v38&pp=sAQA

2483.  Sesame Street Troy Polamalu talks Fragrance with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-Ig7X4wmPs&pp=sAQA

2484.  Sesame Street True Mud (A True Blood Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-mkbf5ogU4&pp=sAQA

2485.  Sesame Street True Mud Sneak Peek (1372672).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLWuI77mGKw&pp=sAQA

2486.  Sesame Street True Mud Sneak Peek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8kLlNt3Ue4&pp=sAQA

2487.  Sesame Street Try a Little Kindness (with Tori Kelly).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enaRNnEzwi4&pp=sAQA

2488.  Sesame Street Try Hummus and Carrots with Cookie Monster  Cookie Monster Snack Chat #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yuot8aDNV0I&pp=sAQA

2489.  Sesame Street Try It! New Foods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLPVqMOduLM&pp=sAQA

2490.  Sesame Street Try Try Again Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vShOuKwhvKw&pp=sAQA

2491.  Sesame Street Try, Try Again Song Lyric Video  Elmo's Sing Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fydXXTQdM4&pp=sAQA

2492.  Sesame Street Trying New Foods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBlweuoassM&pp=sAQA

2493.  Sesame Street Tuba and Drum -- Elmo and Telly Cooperate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQjXhnIOdg0&pp=sAQA

2494.  Sesame Street Tucker West Teaches Cookie Monster About Luging  Winter Olympics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZLqeYF8ENE&pp=sAQA

2495.  Sesame Street Tuna and Avocado Sandwich  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_l1k22q5Xw&pp=sAQA

2496.  Sesame Street TuTu Letter Q.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_89H2rJ7K3U&pp=sAQA

2497.  Sesame Street TV Repair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Paj43J0pi4s&pp=sAQA

2498.  Sesame Street TV Show Parodies Through the Years  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3Yr8TCknqw&pp=sAQA

2499.  Sesame Street Twenty Love With Tony Danza.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PW9NPYYqsaA&pp=sAQA

2500.  Sesame Street Twiddlebugs at the Beach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x98fnFMxEiM&pp=sAQA

2501.  Sesame Street Twiddlebugs Outing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_CetyA9miY&pp=sAQA

2502.  Sesame Street Twiddlebugs Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vguwX-EkILk&pp=sAQA

2503.  Sesame Street Twilight Breaking Cookie (Twilight Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4l9mjSeAVW0&pp=sAQA

2504.  Sesame Street Twinkle Twinkle Little Star  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jfqc07-C4Vw&pp=sAQA

2505.  Sesame Street Twinkle Twinkle Little Star with Julia & Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIlLpwgjmXA&pp=sAQA

2506.  Sesame Street Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRVEarbG8Fc&pp=sAQA

2507.  Sesame Street Two Cousins in USA and Chile Share Their Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWkRmTOWstM&pp=sAQA

2508.  Sesame Street Two Friends of Two Song with Lyrics  Elmo's Sing-Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPFpXjAkyH8&pp=sAQA

2509.  Sesame Street Two Friends of Two with Elmo and Abby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LHGFrhpBTc&pp=sAQA

2510.  Sesame Street Two Headed Monster Reads A Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCDkLIvZ1ng&pp=sAQA

2511.  Sesame Street Two Headed Monster's Joke  #ShareTheLaughter Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O92lHtL4ilE&pp=sAQA

2512.  Sesame Street Two Headed What's a Rectangle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHU5n-XuhJY&pp=sAQA

2513.  Sesame Street Two Hours of Elmo and Friends Compilation!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ky2-FUJ4zIA&pp=sAQA

2514.  Sesame Street Two Hours of Elmo's World Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koD6ePirTik&pp=sAQA

2515.  Sesame Street Two Hours of Nursery Rhymes Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlvIFV_8v7Q&pp=sAQA

2516.  Sesame Street Two Hours of Sesame Street Songs!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crQpStMwnwk&pp=sAQA

2517.  Sesame Street Two More Hours of Sesame Street Songs!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09AmpC7oKGU&pp=sAQA

2518.  Sesame Street Two-Headed Monster -- Pop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chHz3bo3f1U&pp=sAQA

2519.  Sesame Street Two-Headed Monster Can't Catch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSqB1OhatHA&pp=sAQA

2520.  Sesame Street Two-Headed Monster Discovers Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChvQ6M_rjXs&pp=sAQA

2521.  Sesame Street Two-Headed Monster Shows 14.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-PDXAcUw0s&pp=sAQA

2522.  Sesame Street Two-Headed Monster Shows Emotions  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UkKCEgY-iA&pp=sAQA

2523.  Sesame Street Two-Headed Monster Takes Turns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IeZvqQauWY&pp=sAQA

2524.  Sesame Street Two-Headed Monsters Playing Chopsticks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3EW3dY63bY&pp=sAQA

2525.  Sesame Street Two.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SR8ruegy-C0&pp=sAQA

2526.  Sesame Street Ty BurrellHexagon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVVifUTtoBw&pp=sAQA

2527.  Sesame Street Ty BurrellHide and Seek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9kQdH1o4kA&pp=sAQA

2528.  Sesame Street Tying Your Shoes  Abby's Advice #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n27Xrtqj-B8&pp=sAQA

2529.  Sesame Street Tyler Perry & Elmo Eat a Plate of Math.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9jKFqnd1sE&pp=sAQA

2530.  Sesame Street Tyra Banks Sings the Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMapdqCNQOg&pp=sAQA

2531.  Sesame Street U Really Got A Hold On Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ws_vnXup7so&pp=sAQA

2532.  Sesame Street Unboxing a Banana with Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zw6D1hC3m2Y&pp=sAQA

2533.  Sesame Street Unboxing A Bento Box with Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFV-vRL62fU&pp=sAQA

2534.  Sesame Street Underground Car  Imagination Destination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGJ_Cqwz4jU&pp=sAQA

2535.  Sesame Street Underwater Adventures in Australia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8ybZjlmd_s&pp=sAQA

2536.  Sesame Street Underwater Bowling  Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aECni4w4mkI&pp=sAQA

2537.  Sesame Street Underwater Pictures  Abby's Amazing Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suVPSKph4q0&pp=sAQA

2538.  Sesame Street Underwater Track  Magical Car Races.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OmovEaU5pg&pp=sAQA

2539.  Sesame Street Uni the Unicorn  Read Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ScPBNb8mJs&pp=sAQA

2540.  Sesame Street Unique Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XIkoxBl-3w&pp=sAQA

2541.  Sesame Street Up and Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGsKPE3dk4k&pp=sAQA

2542.  Sesame Street Up on the Roof with James Taylor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HccGElUGco&pp=sAQA

2543.  Sesame Street Upside Down & Right Side Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbWs1oakDME&pp=sAQA

2544.  Sesame Street Upside Downton Abbey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPqL-1aSbn0&pp=sAQA

2545.  Sesame Street Upstairs, Downstairs  Monsterpiece Theater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFLbKtcwtZY&pp=sAQA

2546.  Sesame Street Use it Again, Recycling Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkb-T9I43Sg&pp=sAQA

2547.  Sesame Street Usher - Volunteer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cysG5M1PFA&pp=sAQA

2548.  Sesame Street Usher and Bert are Unique.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fdgq8dSJwoE&pp=sAQA

2549.  Sesame Street Usher's ABC Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWvBAQf7v8g&pp=sAQA

2550.  Sesame Street USO Tour 2008 - Behind the Scenes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M91EbOh08Kg&pp=sAQA

2551.  Sesame Street UV Salesman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yj1IGkH6AY&pp=sAQA

2552.  Sesame Street V is for Vegetable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0yBE03ku0I&pp=sAQA

2553.  Sesame Street V Violin Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OlELW3OsWg&pp=sAQA

2554.  Sesame Street Valentine - I Love You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpQXqnOStAs&pp=sAQA

2555.  Sesame Street Valentine's Day Games with Elmo and Abby  Game Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aqt1_8THGg8&pp=sAQA

2556.  Sesame Street Veg Side Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiEnCJ3BEo0&pp=sAQA

2557.  Sesame Street Veggie Burger with Ketchup  Cookie Monster's Foodie Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKe0a0pQjLU&pp=sAQA

2558.  Sesame Street Veggie Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oSjxQ6gmvo&pp=sAQA

2559.  Sesame Street Vehicles for Kids Compilation  Trucks, Trains, Cars, and more!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1pH7_LCTP8&pp=sAQA

2560.  Sesame Street Vet School  Murray Had a Little Lamb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0OqjprIt6A&pp=sAQA

2561.  Sesame Street Video Preview - Elmo's Favorite Things.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZIzXGaWUaI&pp=sAQA

2562.  Sesame Street Viola Davis and Elmo Throw a Fiesta!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXcmeECwbuw&pp=sAQA

2563.  Sesame Street Vote Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkeGCa7lBNs&pp=sAQA

2564.  Sesame Street W is for Weather.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zLbYvUo4Kc&pp=sAQA

2565.  Sesame Street W is for Wheels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T0a4jlNvc4&pp=sAQA

2566.  Sesame Street Walking Buttercup  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGDRsDjX2vE&pp=sAQA

2567.  Sesame Street Walking Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fa3l4XOHXPA&pp=sAQA

2568.  Sesame Street Walking with a Dinosaur.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ev_gkhTGRPE&pp=sAQA

2569.  Sesame Street Wanda Sykes Journal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF44BqBJISw&pp=sAQA

2570.  Sesame Street Wanda Sykes-Elmo Says.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHfQI3Vnl90&pp=sAQA

2571.  Sesame Street Wandering Through Wonderland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwDG2hj4chA&pp=sAQA

2572.  Sesame Street Warhol Flowers Number 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zm0vtZPll8&pp=sAQA

2573.  Sesame Street Washington's Father  Kermit News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fx-aCtLiTfA&pp=sAQA

2574.  Sesame Street Washy Wash Song  How to Wash Your Hands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQn0z6xa8II&pp=sAQA

2575.  Sesame Street Wasting Water.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTWE18VPj-c&pp=sAQA

2576.  Sesame Street Watch & Play with Sesame Street GO (App Preview).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCgW5C--hLs&pp=sAQA

2577.  Sesame Street Water Conservation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtcZbN0Z08c&pp=sAQA

2578.  Sesame Street Water Water Song  Fun in the Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQdOqk8o-fY&pp=sAQA

2579.  Sesame Street We All Have Music Song with Elmo and Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzIoJnzXnMc&pp=sAQA

2580.  Sesame Street We Are all Earthlings Song with Jill Scott.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRvCAd3LyZc&pp=sAQA

2581.  Sesame Street We Are All Earthlings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttwP02WXB0I&pp=sAQA

2582.  Sesame Street We Are Not Alone Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pdhs6VecWSk&pp=sAQA

2583.  Sesame Street We Are So Much Alike Song with Alessia Cara.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcTx3j_rbyM&pp=sAQA

2584.  Sesame Street We Can All Be Friends Song with Julia and friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3XvHVxAQ6g&pp=sAQA

2585.  Sesame Street We Can Still Be Friends Song with R2D2 and Big Bird.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPxWX8BU0ds&pp=sAQA

2586.  Sesame Street We Still Like Each Other Song with Grover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8B4_OfjKU_Q&pp=sAQA

2587.  Sesame Street We Worked It Out (Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-Pcilxm3ZY&pp=sAQA

2588.  Sesame Street We're a Family Song with Elmo, Abby, and Rudy!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rslG5asBCM&pp=sAQA

2589.  Sesame Street We're All Wonders  Read Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhCoHZHnzrE&pp=sAQA

2590.  Sesame Street We're Different, We're the Same  Read Along Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUrjb4SZnxg&pp=sAQA

2591.  Sesame Street We're The A Team -A Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rm_3bfAEpII&pp=sAQA

2592.  Sesame Street Wear a Mask with Oscar PSA  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooGzaMEgxow&pp=sAQA

2593.  Sesame Street Wedding Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jNGa89pOA8&pp=sAQA

2594.  Sesame Street Welcome to First Grade!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eVGYymmYwQ&pp=sAQA

2595.  Sesame Street Welcome to the Everyday Heroes Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uy5DEOAcgGo&pp=sAQA

2596.  Sesame Street Welcome to the Furry Arms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZcsqIA7iP4&pp=sAQA

2597.  Sesame Street Welcome to the Letter N Museum!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXjc5KcU9bs&pp=sAQA

2598.  Sesame Street Wendy Williams - Veterinarian.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4cELm8MIuA&pp=sAQA

2599.  Sesame Street West Side Thingy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25DjKPyV6g0&pp=sAQA

2600.  Sesame Street Wet and Dry at the Beach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJiv5l6TzN0&pp=sAQA

2601.  Sesame Street WetDry Elephant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMWXqaz2Cyk&pp=sAQA

2602.  Sesame Street Whales Brushing Teeth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhPxE2g8iD0&pp=sAQA

2603.  Sesame Street What a Piece of Paper with Elmo and Abby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84_ExmIkFs4&pp=sAQA

2604.  Sesame Street What are Kids Made Of.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJfQCYqB1T0&pp=sAQA

2605.  Sesame Street What Are We Going to Play Today Song with Andy Grammer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QVa9W0t2-I&pp=sAQA

2606.  Sesame Street What Begins with Letter I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFNwKZ8ptGM&pp=sAQA

2607.  Sesame Street What Can I Be.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVVQR-Se_7w&pp=sAQA

2608.  Sesame Street What Happens Next Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cog2a3YeDMM&pp=sAQA

2609.  Sesame Street What If The Greatest Basketball Shot Ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5LnPiorWck&pp=sAQA

2610.  Sesame Street What Is A Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPux6QAkBdc&pp=sAQA

2611.  Sesame Street What is Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEhJLTjtRbg&pp=sAQA

2612.  Sesame Street What is Ernie's Favorite Shape.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyuqTYBNs7o&pp=sAQA

2613.  Sesame Street What is Family on Sesame Street  Story Time with Ally Langdon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rr5hEurM29c&pp=sAQA

2614.  Sesame Street What is Popular Elmo and Andy Cohen Decide..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEeYxbs1Wds&pp=sAQA

2615.  Sesame Street What is Racism  #ComingTogether.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XopxsSdecbc&pp=sAQA

2616.  Sesame Street What is Skeleton  Olympic Athletes and Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_VVEOYmHEo&pp=sAQA

2617.  Sesame Street What Makes You Special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrPm7BasRBo&pp=sAQA

2618.  Sesame Street What rhymes with Mando.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GkdwAxov88&pp=sAQA

2619.  Sesame Street What Rhymes With Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2XNJXi6TUw&pp=sAQA

2620.  Sesame Street What Shape Comes Next.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5z3wVY1GY8&pp=sAQA

2621.  Sesame Street What Shape is a Honeycomb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hFTUk8XqEc&pp=sAQA

2622.  Sesame Street What We Are Anthem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDWFT3VzOhw&pp=sAQA

2623.  Sesame Street What's Inside Herry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQtXs6ctxu0&pp=sAQA

2624.  Sesame Street What's New Spring Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezNRyYS3heI&pp=sAQA

2625.  Sesame Street What's the Name of That Song Dance Remix  #Sesame50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3ZLiPP9hc8&pp=sAQA

2626.  Sesame Street What's Your Sport  Olympic Athletes with Elmo and Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXVJKtk63Xk&pp=sAQA

2627.  Sesame Street Wheels on the Bus  Elmo's Sing Along.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QX9d9VW1JZM&pp=sAQA

2628.  Sesame Street Wheels on the Bus REMIX Compilation LIVE  Nursery Rhymes for Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-5NfI7YGRo&pp=sAQA

2629.  Sesame Street Wheels on the Bus Songs Compilation  Nursery Rhymes and Remixes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adSxJ-dYdAE&pp=sAQA

2630.  Sesame Street Wheels on the Bus with Abby!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lsdbtdvTdw&pp=sAQA

2631.  Sesame Street Wheels on the Bus with Lyrics  Elmo's Sing-Along.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLFKVZYfNlM&pp=sAQA

2632.  Sesame Street Wheels the Super Tool with Super Grover 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MW8VHJyBOCI&pp=sAQA

2633.  Sesame Street When Cookie Met Sally (When Harry Met Sally Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6G9rjsQ0PE8&pp=sAQA

2634.  Sesame Street When Families Grieve Behind the Scenes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgVJ1BgsAX8&pp=sAQA

2635.  Sesame Street When Families Grieve Exclusive Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NFbHMFFL-E&pp=sAQA

2636.  Sesame Street When Families Grieve Message for Families Big Feelings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8M_5_JxY7k&pp=sAQA

2637.  Sesame Street When Families Grieve Message for Families The Memory Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sE3aWr6Mc7s&pp=sAQA

2638.  Sesame Street When Families Grieve with Katie Couric Find the Words.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFH8qijKNSM&pp=sAQA

2639.  Sesame Street When Families Grieve with Katie Couric How to Help.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRSbMx8t0I4&pp=sAQA

2640.  Sesame Street When Oscar was Orange (I Love Trash).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jImf2S7ej2k&pp=sAQA

2641.  Sesame Street When You're A Vet with Tiffany Haddish  NEW Season Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkLCNBj74rY&pp=sAQA

2642.  Sesame Street Where Are the Computers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdZB115x6Ko&pp=sAQA

2643.  Sesame Street Where Does Paper Come From.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uA56TLfEE9k&pp=sAQA

2644.  Sesame Street Where is Elmo (Where is Thumbkin Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=askKQsZME1c&pp=sAQA

2645.  Sesame Street Which Foods Begin with the Letter P.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xJm-e6QEHU&pp=sAQA

2646.  Sesame Street Whipped Cream Pies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvE19dBa_f8&pp=sAQA

2647.  Sesame Street Who is the true Cinderella.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwDCoDRnyOA&pp=sAQA

2648.  Sesame Street Who Stole the Cookie feat. Elmo, Abby and Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phn6z2kOxx4&pp=sAQA

2649.  Sesame Street Who's Alive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giWqEPNLtBo&pp=sAQA

2650.  Sesame Street Whole Wheat Roll Call.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc5vRE3iXWQ&pp=sAQA

2651.  Sesame Street Whoopi Goldberg and Elmo Draw Picture for Pen Pal in Syria.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNJ51FvQ4NI&pp=sAQA

2652.  Sesame Street Whoopi's Skin and Elmo's Fur.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ce0yGNG_VEU&pp=sAQA

2653.  Sesame Street Why Do You Love the Letter Y.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qGHh0_6Xbc&pp=sAQA

2654.  Sesame Street Wiggldy Worm Song!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1Tiuc3ECpQ&pp=sAQA

2655.  Sesame Street Wild Animals  Elmo's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdgtWlfMTGY&pp=sAQA

2656.  Sesame Street Wild Nature Survivor Guy Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dZ2ATb0rEw&pp=sAQA

2657.  Sesame Street Wild West  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJz3XQMg89A&pp=sAQA

2658.  Sesame Street Wild Words and Outdoor Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4TTV3QdOGE&pp=sAQA

2659.  Sesame Street Will.i.am Sings What I Am.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyVzjoj96vs&pp=sAQA

2660.  Sesame Street Wilted Flower.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhAWS1dvKuE&pp=sAQA

2661.  Sesame Street Winter Sports Week on Sesame Street.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ydS0oggA6E&pp=sAQA

2662.  Sesame Street Wizard School with Elmo  Bert and Ernie's Great Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAK3pjccwcU&pp=sAQA

2663.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Amplify.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9TMEVvjYb8&pp=sAQA

2664.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Attach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjErw7D56Hs&pp=sAQA

2665.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Brainstorm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Qmbbi-uel4&pp=sAQA

2666.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Celebration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hK14k58wfEU&pp=sAQA

2667.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dHbkx1nfLI&pp=sAQA

2668.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Choreographer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9jaClhp48I&pp=sAQA

2669.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Compare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPQ4HkEODmA&pp=sAQA

2670.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Innovation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APqTLQtFfuQ&pp=sAQA

2671.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Paleontologist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_WLdFtNagc&pp=sAQA

2672.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Proud.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVwAB_GbIW8&pp=sAQA

2673.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Reinforce.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0snQnsxXRQE&pp=sAQA

2674.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Reporter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFWThK_H6O8&pp=sAQA

2675.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Sculpture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF5gZ0mFWlg&pp=sAQA

2676.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Splatter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAh24gAI9jM&pp=sAQA

2677.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Subtraction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddufPApUYxY&pp=sAQA

2678.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Veterinarian.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iznnfMR1Ow&pp=sAQA

2679.  Sesame Street Word on the Street - Vote.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kp7mm6AROE&pp=sAQA

2680.  Sesame Street Word on the Street -- Inflate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9SYE21X0pQ&pp=sAQA

2681.  Sesame Street Word on the Street -- Vibrate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_1wJDpPfhw&pp=sAQA

2682.  Sesame Street Word on the Street.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ku-8-mFUszI&pp=sAQA

2683.  Sesame Street Wordbots Fragrance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYDTtaenKUM&pp=sAQA

2684.  Sesame Street Words That Start with M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KGmgEwE_pQ&pp=sAQA

2685.  Sesame Street Worm Reggae.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omDxXFXQMbQ&pp=sAQA

2686.  Sesame Street Worm World Music Festival.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CsDiYFzPVg&pp=sAQA

2687.  Sesame Street Wormsmith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAlE3zbZvB8&pp=sAQA

2688.  Sesame Street Write it Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PENZkWqqUk&pp=sAQA

2689.  Sesame Street Wubba Troubba with Abby and Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1afkotXU1bg&pp=sAQA

2690.  Sesame Street Wynton Marsalis plays No Matter Your Language.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Op1WkblWRc&pp=sAQA

2691.  Sesame Street X Salute Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHXJXVWGZIs&pp=sAQA

2692.  Sesame Street Y is for Yoga.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cZlHy3sjhE&pp=sAQA

2693.  Sesame Street Yesterday, Today, Tomorrow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UdbDGABKqo&pp=sAQA

2694.  Sesame Street Yip Yips Sing Their Martian Family Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfwBEWBkxEY&pp=sAQA

2695.  Sesame Street Yoga For Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTVpUmIIykg&pp=sAQA

2696.  Sesame Street You and You and Me Song  #ThrowbackThursday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENOADuDwfK4&pp=sAQA

2697.  Sesame Street You Tickle Me Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XksA5y-9_Hk&pp=sAQA

2698.  Sesame Street Your Amazing Body.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqsSjQzg9Gg&pp=sAQA

2699.  Sesame Street Your Grouchy Face with James Taylor (Your Smiling Face Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQRvxcTCZ0E&pp=sAQA

2700.  Sesame Street Yourself App Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOyKUMfjyeI&pp=sAQA

2701.  Sesame Street You’ve got a Body (with Ne-Yo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hH99ZSCFrk&pp=sAQA

2702.  Sesame Street Z is for Zebra - Hand Painting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kI1Ni5ztPVk&pp=sAQA

2703.  Sesame Street Z is for Zipper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3Jb0Q_e_pQ&pp=sAQA

2704.  Sesame Street Z Zebra Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQZl9fRCQbo&pp=sAQA

2705.  Sesame Street Zac Efron and Elmo - Patience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgeuCgODgv4&pp=sAQA

2706.  Sesame Street Zach Braff and Telly are Anxious.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDFEW3eAIlg&pp=sAQA

2707.  Sesame Street Zach Galifianakis is Nimble.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8kjhbJq1GY&pp=sAQA

2708.  Sesame Street Zaj Sings A Song With Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amOZPI1oAow&pp=sAQA

2709.  Sesame Street Zero Cookies with Cookie Monster and Ernie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjHSPyFjZpc&pp=sAQA

2710.  Sesame Street Zero is Delicious with Cookie Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZoIP4aoM0g&pp=sAQA

2711.  Sesame Street Zero the Hero.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5fuikg6IO4&pp=sAQA

2712.  Sesame Street Zoe Saldana - Transportation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnetiQ1vJGs&pp=sAQA

2713.  Sesame Street Zoe Says.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQf6lCoA1yQ&pp=sAQA

2714.  Sesame Street “Count on Elmo” Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ua3PXF9VXSg&pp=sAQA

2715.  Sesame Street “Elmo Can Do It!” Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EL7BiTi8ms0&pp=sAQA

2716.  Sesame Street “Elmo Super Numbers” Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agbRY9q5Q-Y&pp=sAQA

2717.  Sesame Street “Elmo the Musical – Volume 2” Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrKAH5BHapw&pp=sAQA

2718.  Sesame Street “Elmo’s World Elmo Wonders” Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCqD0yRnWAw&pp=sAQA

2719.  Sesame Street “Elmo’s World Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes” Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1ADz6wtQP0&pp=sAQA

2720.  Sesame Street “M is for Mystery” Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xpLKLtRSwI&pp=sAQA

2721.  Sesame Street “Play All Day with Elmo!” Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2UmEvLpizE&pp=sAQA

2722.  Sesame Street “Sing It, Elmo!” Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FqneCVCy9M&pp=sAQA

2723.  Sesame Street “The Best of Elmo 3” Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zERv-EhgBEM&pp=sAQA

2724.  Sesame Street “The Cookie Thief” Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kvHbFmj38w&pp=sAQA

2725.  Sesame Street14 Trains.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9V9VSOYLn3U&pp=sAQA

2726.  Sesame StreetBaby SportsCrawling Races.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGYEVfS3L20&pp=sAQA

2727.  Sesame StreetBaby SportsWalker Races.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0eF8CU7Rz4&pp=sAQA

2728.  Sesame StreetEllen Pompeo is Healthy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_GAg-m5Q70&pp=sAQA

2729.  Sesame StreetElmo and Team USA Fencers Tim Morehouse and Daryl Homer Discuss Teamwork.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaVgohHzkgI&pp=sAQA

2730.  Sesame StreetHot! Hot! Hot!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPCORMRw_Gc&pp=sAQA

2731.  Sesame StreetNew York City Launch Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZEh074Oo1I&pp=sAQA

2732.  Sesame StreetSong Baile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDcNBcv5tck&pp=sAQA

2733.  Sesame StreetSong Homer the Pet Elephant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GWYDWgMEiw&pp=sAQA

2734.  Sesame StreetTortellini Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HS2_rnvpr6Y&pp=sAQA

2735.  Sesame StreetZero Penguins at the Movies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifTDDvEqU-0&pp=sAQA

2736.  Sesame Studios Song with Todrick Hall (Sesame Studios).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1VrPqzc7d8&pp=sAQA

2737.  Sesamstraat Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrfwbW57Vbg&pp=sAQA

2738.  Sesamstrasse Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-w1xhsukoig&pp=sAQA

2739.  Shara'a Simsim Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ypg3qqgENnw&pp=sAQA

2740.  Silly Storytime Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qTly0TDNgc&pp=sAQA

2741.  Sisimpur Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyAreha3-bM&pp=sAQA

2742.  Sneak Preview of What I Am Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVztqH-BleM&pp=sAQA

2743.  Sweater Weather  Super Dino Pals (Sesame Studios).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VS3F3BcGyQk&pp=sAQA

2744.  Takalani Sesame Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VeCTtPazOU&pp=sAQA

2745.  The Count's Thank You Message  #CaringForEachOther.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCPsWwwTuNA&pp=sAQA

2746.  The Itsy Bitsy Spider feat. Jordin Sparks  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bewiI10u1cs&pp=sAQA

2747.  The Mysterious Cookie Thief  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_Sc2Hkgd3U&pp=sAQA

2748.  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo Official Trailer  HBO Max.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpsiesXLp14&pp=sAQA

2749.  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo Preview featuring the Jonas Brothers and bonus content  HBO Max.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHLJG_ALP20&pp=sAQA

2750.  The Real Grouches Dinner at FUR Lounge  Real Housewives Parody  Part 3 of 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Z_yzlNisK8&pp=sAQA

2751.  The Real Grouches Grouch Talent Show  Real Housewives Parody  Part 2 of 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YqvMynX6MA&pp=sAQA

2752.  The Search for Elmo's Costume  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyClviB1xd8&pp=sAQA

2753.  The Worm Winter Games  Sesame Street Full Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7L0Y1dCFeg&pp=sAQA

2754.  Twinkle Twinkle Little Star feat. Sara Bareilles  The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOjfDiTn-bE&pp=sAQA

2755.  Ulitsa Sezam Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvS28nqOCo0&pp=sAQA

2756.  Vila Sésamo (Brazil) Show Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZXicL_Pga0&pp=sAQA

2757.  Watch these Baby Animals Move! (Elmo at the Zoo #7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzmcNlftNxs&pp=sAQA

2758.  What do Zoo Animals Eat (Elmo at the Zoo #2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abwhK8orlh0&pp=sAQA

2759.  What Makes Each Animal Unique (Elmo at the Zoo #9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2uRF8rDVSI&pp=sAQA

2760.  Will.i.am.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlNI5D1nGnk&pp=sAQA
Sesame Street