
1.  chronological order
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Science/Physics/Minute_Physics/chronological_order/chronological_order.txt

1.  2011 Nobel Prize- Dark Energy feat. Sean Carroll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6o2bUPdxV0

2.  2012 Nobel Prize- How Do We See Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dRr-fnPCwM

3.  3 Simple Ways to Time Travel (& 3 Complicated Ones).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FflcA85zcOM

4.  A Brief History of Everything, feat. Neil deGrasse Tyson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KYTJ8tBoZ8

5.  A Polarizing Discovery About the Big Bang!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IlBNJbCzfk

6.  A Simple Proof of Conservation of Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PplaBASQ_3M

7.  A Youtube Phishing Attack You Need to Watch Out For.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJiQqphICfQ

8.  Adding Past Infinity (WARNING- Math Ahead).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIq5CZlg8Rg

9.  Albert Einstein- The Size and Existence of Atoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrUBPO6zZ40

10.  Albert Einstein- Why Light is Quantum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSgIDgGpRpk

11.  Aliens- Are We Looking in the Wrong Place.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRGca_Ya6OM

12.  An Impossible Bet - The 100 Prisoners Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eivGlBKlK6M

13.  Another Physics Misconception.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4B_x1XjBhiI

14.  Antimatter Explained.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lo8NmoDL9T8

15.  Are University Admissions Biased - Simpson's Paradox Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_ME4P9fQbo

16.  Astronomically Correct Twinkle Twinkle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhn-RzMELhY

17.  Bell's Theorem- The Quantum Venn Diagram Paradox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcqZHYo7ONs

18.  Black Holes, Neutron Stars, and White Dwarfs (Collab. w- MinuteEarth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NucdlR9EGbA

19.  Blackout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFZ6J2sY2eU

20.  Can Humans Really Feel Temperature.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXT012us9ng

21.  Can we Predict Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmX1W5umC1c

22.  Can We Survive Curiosity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k-JK-QgAgg

23.  Common Physics Misconceptions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IM630Z8lho8

24.  Complete Solution To The Twins Paradox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iJZ_QGMLD0

25.  Computer Color is Broken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKnqECcg6Gw

26.  Concrete Does Not Dry Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qegAzbrI1U

27.  Confessions of a Youtuber.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJGFei3wKs4

28.  Correlation CAN Imply Causation! - Statistics Misconceptions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUti6vGctQM

29.  Distance and Special Relativity- How far away is tomorrow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5S-hA9uKEM

30.  Do Cause and Effect Really Exist (Big Picture Ep. 2-5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AMCcYnAsdQ

31.  Do Photons Cast Shadows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fv1JJ227CQk

32.  Do We Expand With The Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th_9ZR2I0_w

33.  Does the Universe Have a Purpose feat. Neil deGrasse Tyson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pL5vzIMAhs

34.  E=mc² is Incomplete.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnMIhxWRGNw

35.  Einstein and The Special Theory of Relativity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajhFNcUTJI0

36.  Einstein's Biggest Blunder, Explained.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RApKeMGDnE

37.  Einstein's Proof of E=mc².ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hW7DW9NIO9M

38.  Every Force in Nature (Theory of Everything, Part III).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_RhISgoXUs

39.  Evolution vs Natural Selection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1t5_iGN0xE

40.  Extraterrestrial Cycloids - Why Are They on Europa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3LXPmiEB-w

41.  Fahrenheit, Celsius and Kelvin explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy2qVIhTtG8

42.  Faster Than Light Neutrinos (maybe)- Field Trip!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mT-mCQY2XBE

43.  Feynman's Lost Lecture (ft. 3Blue1Brown).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdIjYBtnvZU

44.  Foiled Proof.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNReoaONJdg

45.  Football, Physics, and Symmetry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-5CDVdglp4

46.  Footnote †- Double Pendulums Are Crazy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbJYK7q5ejY

47.  Footnote †- Unstable Equilibrium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plUboQZgkng

48.  GPS, relativity, and nuclear detection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ky4RgRvVDoA

49.  Gravitational Waves Explained Using Stick Figures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHS9g72npqA

50.  Hardy's Paradox - Quantum Double Double Slit Experiment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ph3d-ByEA7Q

51.  Higgs Boson Part III- How to Discover a Particle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6guXMfg88Z8

52.  Hitting the Sun is HARD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHvR1fRTW8g

53.  Hour Physics- What makes a good (or bad) youtube science video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Cv5ldhxpLA

54.  How Airplanes Are Made.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rMgpExA4kM

55.  How Big Is The Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u70lZSMP9Bo

56.  How Big is the Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NU2t5zlxQQ

57.  How Do Airplanes Fly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gg0TXNXgz-w

58.  How Do Bikes Stay Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZAc5t2lkvo

59.  How Do We Know The Universe Is ACCELERATING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXkBfkeJJ5c

60.  How Do We Know What Air is Like on Other Planets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfJ-i4Y6DGU

61.  How Entropy Powers The Earth (Big Picture Ep. 4-5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAMlGyaUz4M

62.  How Far Can Legolas See.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rk2izv-c_ts

63.  How far is a second.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wp20Sc8qPeo

64.  How ISPs Violate the Laws of Mathematics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3IPVWN-1ks

65.  How lasers work (in theory).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3SBSbsdiYg

66.  How Long Can You Balance a Pencil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3vAoJhIWms

67.  How Long Is A Day On The Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnlI_b-K3hY

68.  How Long To Fall Through The Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urQCmMiHKQk

69.  How Many Stars There Are in the Sky, explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSxa5cVT3Ok

70.  How Modern Light Bulbs Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCEKMEeZXug

71.  How Perspective Shapes Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHaX9asEXIo

72.  How Quantum Computers Break Encryption - Shor's Algorithm Explained.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvTqbM5Dq4Q

73.  How Shor's Algorithm Factors 314191.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRZQ-efABeQ

74.  How the Sun works- Fusion and Quantum Tunneling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gS1dpowPlE8

75.  How to break the speed of light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lR4tJr7sMPM

76.  How to Build a Lava Moat (with xkcd).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8xfzeD0ZK4

77.  How to Build a Teleporter with Aliens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSrEIdhrXB4

78.  How to Count Infinity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-QoutHCu4o

79.  How to Destroy a Magnet (+ interactive periodic table).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlnZKSR73S0

80.  How To Detect A Secret Nuclear Test.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daZ7IQFqPyA

81.  How To Discover Weird New Particles - Emergent Quantum Quasiparticles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbsnY--LFh0

82.  How to Draw a Stick Figure (School of Youtube).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwkSAnLHm1Y

83.  How to Find an Exoplanet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnX7ExBjrHw

84.  How To Go To Space (with XKCD!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2p_8gx-XHJo

85.  How To Make MUONS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBr9YiSwdzM

86.  How to See Without Glasses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OydqR_7_DjI

87.  How to Simulate the Universe on your Laptop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP-C_B8nSmw

88.  How To Stop Structures from SHAKING- LEGO Saturn V Tuned Mass Damper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ft3vTaYbkdE

89.  How to Subtract By Adding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS5p9caXS4U

90.  How to Teleport Schrödinger's Cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxQK1WDYI_k

91.  How To Tell If We're Beating COVID-19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54XLXg4fYsc

92.  How to Tell Matter From Antimatter - CP Violation & The Ozma Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Elt0Gt9Cb6Q

93.  How to Turn Sound Into Light- Sonoluminescence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yHDeKFW8j8

94.  How We Know Black Holes Exist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgIqRwvaBw4

95.  I Had to Build a Custom Mute Switch for my Violin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYsp7OIMFAs

96.  Immovable Object vs. Unstoppable Force - Which Wins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eKc5kgPVrA

97.  Impossible Muons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVzDP8SMhPo

98.  Is it Better to Walk or Run in the Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MqYE2UuN24

99.  Is Racewalking a Sport.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTfm03T3VAE

100.  Is the Universe Entirely Mathematical Feat. Max Tegmark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGG4HmlotJE

101.  Is There Poop on the Moon ft. Smarter Every Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNP8wy3S_kY

102.  l.ahk
lll

103.  Legitimate Cold Fusion Exists - Muon-Catalyzed Fusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDfB3gnxRhc

104.  Length Contraction and Time Dilation - Special Relativity Ch. 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NN_m2yKAAk

105.  London Bridge Was Sold to the US!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwmSFwQ0tx4

106.  Lorentz Transformations - Special Relativity Ch. 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rh0pYtQG5wI

107.  Magnetic Levitation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqKeiiezqzc

108.  MAGNETS- How Do They Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFAOXdXZ5TM

109.  Microwaves explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFG_OoiMhWE

110.  Minute Physics- What is Dark Matter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Af0_vWDfJwQ

111.  Minute Physics- What is Gravity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_o4aY7xkXg

112.  MinutePhysics BEHIND THE SCENES – Teleportation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhZ3naSgJg4

113.  MinutePhysics Birthday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJhlejbx5kY

114.  Misconceptions Footnote †- Randomness and Feedback.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMbcMMe0D_Y

115.  Myths and Facts About Superintelligent AI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Om9ssTm194

116.  Negative Temperature explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APFqPoXBE2o

117.  NEW SHOW! - The Science of Seeing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jbu8nhaL84

118.  NEW SHOW- MinuteEarth!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KW5G72a4e9U

119.  One-Way Mirrors explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvqbjUtt3mM

120.  Open Letter to the President- Physics Education.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGL22PTIOAM

121.  Open Letter to the Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN39H1Eb-6I

122.  Our Ignorance About Gravity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTMELHUAzSM

123.  Parallel Universes- Many Worlds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNwKPfOKipk

124.  Physics Explained in Ten Seconds (Announcement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adJFT6_j9Uk

125.  Picture of the Big Bang (a.k.a. Oldest Light in the Universe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mZQ-5-KYHw

126.  Poll (and Physics explained in ten seconds explained in ten seconds).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0RFp1zib8g

127.  Pot Theft (A Radiolab Adventure).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dvQDNgYmKU

128.  Proof Without Words- The Circle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whYqhpc6S6g

129.  Protecting Privacy with MATH (Collab with the Census).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pT19VwBAqKA

130.  Quantum SHAPE-SHIFTING- Neutrino Oscillations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fgKBJDMO54

131.  Radar explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2Kqfjzyl-E

132.  Rainbows explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I43IbqF4aNg

133.  Real World Telekinesis (feat. Neil Turok).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMgcX8UNIGY

134.  Reimagining the Periodic Table.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WLYukAH-eY

135.  Relativistic Addition of Velocity - Special Relativity Ch. 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5oCXHWEL9A

136.  Relativity Isn't Relative.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VS46DZe5usY

137.  Relativity of Simultaneity - Special Relativity Ch. 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrNVsfkGW-0

138.  Ring AROUND the Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xSPlQUejd8

139.  Round Triangles!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MhD2xZVypo

140.  Schrödinger's Cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOYyCHGWJq4

141.  Science, Religion, and the Big Bang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3MWRvLndzs

142.  Shells of Cosmic Time (ft. @AstroKatie).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cfg11qQwPzQ

143.  Should You Walk or Run When It's Cold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Re5fhBoF6sY

144.  Simpson's Paradox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebEkn-BiW5k

145.  SMBC Physics- Why are stones round feat. Zach Weiner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5GHbzR9sZ8

146.  Solar Panels Made With a Particle Accelerator!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPBTdSfLBg8

147.  Solution to the Grandfather Paradox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XayNKY944lY

148.  Solution to The Impossible Bet - The 100 Prisoners Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5-I0bAuEUE

149.  Spacetime Diagrams - Special Relativity Ch. 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTxWAQGgeQw

150.  Spacetime Intervals- Not EVERYTHING is Relative - Special Relativity Ch. 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFAEHKAR5hU

151.  Speed of Light Thank You!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VT0floYMpDc

152.  Taming Infinity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MUOdUvtf8o

153.  ten-second physics #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVlCtJ52Juc

154.  The 'Mountain Or Valley' Illusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7C318DGB38

155.  The Arrow of Time feat. Sean Carroll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdTMuivYF30

156.  The Astounding Physics of N95 Masks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAdanPfQdCA

157.  The BEST Science Online (Henry's List).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8t53Ak_yrQ

158.  The Black Hole Tipping Point.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brmjWYQi2UM

159.  The Brown Dwarf Debate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDjeKuAu-8E

160.  The Counterintuitive Physics of Turning a Bike.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llRkf1fnNDM

161.  The Dark Side of the Moon explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mb3AQmhTKo

162.  The Hairy Ball Theorem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4UGZEjG02s

163.  The Higgs Boson, Part I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Uh5mTxRQcg

164.  The Higgs Boson, Part II- What is Mass.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASRpIym_jFM

165.  The Limb of the Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur0fATmsVoc

166.  The Man Who Corrected Einstein.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Va5T2KcYiOw

167.  The Most Burly Hurls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3eEk-__E2U

168.  The No Cloning Theorem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owPC60Ue0BE

169.  The Order of Operations is Wrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9h1oqv21Vs

170.  The Origin of Quantum Mechanics (feat. Neil Turok).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1TVZIBj7UA

171.  The Physics of Car Crashes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9ML4GA47Rg

172.  The Physics of Caramel- How To Make a Caramelized Sugar Cube.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZvdpRUHImI

173.  The Portal Paradox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B19nlhbA7-E

174.  The Sound of Hydrogen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyi5SvPlMXc

175.  The Speed of Light in Glass.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAivtXJOsiI

176.  The Tacoma Narrows Fallacy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ai2QFxStxo

177.  The Tides explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVJEi-PkkaY

178.  The Tides.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gftT3wHJGtg

179.  The True Science of Parallel Universes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ywn2Lz5zmYg

180.  The Twins Paradox Hands-On Explanation - Special Relativity Ch. 8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKjaBPVtvms

181.  The Twins Paradox Primer (Rotating TIME!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bg9MVRQYmBQ

182.  The Unreasonable Efficiency of Black Holes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-O-Qdh7VvQ

183.  The Wave-Particle Duality - Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_riIY-v2Ym8

184.  Theory of Everything (intro).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVO0HgMi6Lc

185.  Theory of Everything- What is Matter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fxeb3Pc4PA4

186.  There is no 'Fourth' dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9sbdrPVfOQ

187.  There is no pink light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9dqJRyk0YM

188.  This is Not a Rainbow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9udYi7exojk

189.  Time Dilation illustrated within ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q__r6eIT7Go

190.  Time Travel in Fiction Rundown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3zTfXvYZ9s

191.  To London, To London.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ghn_Na43FQE

192.  TOP 10 REASONS Why We Know the Earth is Round.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_W280R_Jt8

193.  Tour of the Map of the Big Bang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38_9Q4Az0xM

194.  Transporters and Quantum Teleportation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAaHHGHuy1c

195.  Tutorial- creating the sound of hydrogen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhvW8yZdE5A

196.  Tutorial- Rocket Science! (plus special announcement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwaGW-x7hS0

197.  Tutorial- Simulating the Universe in After Effects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQiKBM9rDoM

198.  Upside Down Mountains in Real Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5aLeB17tmc

199.  Usain Bolt vs. Gravity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YUtFpLpGfk

200.  VomitPhysics! Physics of Fiction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7JLXg7yGx0

201.  Vote!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CemrH5y1zCs

202.  Weigh a million dollars with your mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zexOIGlrFo

203.  What are years... and the galactic supermassive black hole!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53glKEPzElA

204.  What if the Earth were Hollow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jN-FfJKgis8

205.  What is a dimension In 3D...and 2D... and 1D.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJJhHknEDPY

206.  What is a Neutrino.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAAmAbJvvJg

207.  What IS Angular Momentum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWSu6U0Ujs8

208.  What is fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pfqIcSydgE

209.  What is Quantum Tunneling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTodS8hkSDg

210.  What is Sea Level.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q65O3qA0-n4

211.  What is the Purpose of Life (Big Picture Ep. 5-5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxTnqKuNygE

212.  What Is The Shape of Space (ft. PhD Comics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCK5oGmRtxQ

213.  What is the Uncertainty Principle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vc-Uvp3vwg

214.  What Is The Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrTsvn9usVQ

215.  What is the Wave-Particle Duality Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_h4IoPJXZw

216.  What is Touch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BksyMWSygnc

217.  When Insanity Becomes Normal - Venezuela.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmvAdRntWH8

218.  When It's OK to Violate Privacy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FE9ko2wtyeQ

219.  Where Do Galaxies Come From.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kif4ON6QOPE

220.  Where Does Complexity Come From (Big Picture Ep. 3-5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTFY0H4EZx4

221.  Where is the True North Pole.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Roq20IV4yP0

222.  Where Was The Big Bang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4c-gX9MT1Q

223.  Which came first - Science or Scientists explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TZAmpJ0Jts

224.  Why Are Airplane Engines So Big.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueTGjegTKoo

225.  Why are Stars Star-Shaped.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVAKFJ8VVp4

226.  Why December Has The Longest Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZMMuv0Ltyo

227.  Why Do Compressed Air Cans Get Cold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjraelDMrFQ

228.  Why Do Mirrors Flip Left & Right (but not up & down).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1t4dOPxKgrY

229.  Why Do We Put Telescopes in Space.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ij-u2bHo_fw

230.  Why Doesn't Time Flow Backwards (Big Picture Ep. 1-5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKbJ9leUNDE

231.  Why is it Dark at Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxJ4M7tyLRE

232.  Why is it Harder to Drive Backwards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFwfexZstO4

233.  Why is Relativity Hard - Special Relativity Chapter 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rLWVZVWfdY

234.  Why is the Solar System Flat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmNXKqeUtJM

235.  Why is the Sun Yellow and the Sky Blue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NafbGOQBlQs

236.  Why Isn't It Faster To Fly West.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gNkgj9h2oM

237.  Why Isn't The Sky Purple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5P6O0pDyMU

238.  Why It's HARD To Land on Mars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2nqgKL2JQU

239.  Why It's Impossible to Tune a Piano.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Hqm0dYKUx4

240.  Why Raindrops Are Mathematically Impossible.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lBvC7aFB40

241.  Why Some Days Aren’t 24 Hours.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vxz6nNqpDCk

242.  Why The Full Moon is Better in Winter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3gacnHb9TI

243.  Why the Sky is Blue explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doSR9Mq_taw

244.  Why the solar system can exist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhS8K4gFu4s

245.  Why You Should Care About Nukes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRnU0bqsyq0

246.  Will Batteries Power The World - The Limits Of Lithium-ion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdPqWv-eVIc

247.  Ye Olde Debunking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVVTk7yy4kU

248.  Youtube Science Awesomeness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enqn2NLQ4As

249.  Youtube Video vs. The Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OwGZR-EltI
Minute Physics