
23.  4) Epic Rap Battles of History - Live..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2--CwKYa3cY

25.  6 Million Subscribers. Thank you..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbrYHdjYb1c

28.  Adam vs Eve. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liLU2tEz7KY

32.  Alexander the Great vs Ivan the Terrible. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVbH1BVXywY

37.  Artists vs TMNT. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HZ5V9rT96M

43.  Ash Ketchum vs Charles Darwin. Epic Rap Battles of History..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC7H99-7wxk

50.  Babe Ruth vs Lance Armstrong. Epic Rap Battles of History..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtO-6Xg3g2M

58.  Barack Obama vs Mitt Romney. Epic Rap Battles Of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dX_1B0w7Hzc

67.  Batman vs Sherlock Holmes. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17CLlZuiBkQ

77.  Blackbeard vs Al Capone. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yf9gulYfUh4

88.  Bob Ross vs Pablo Picasso. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGN5xaQkFk0

100.  Bruce Banner vs Bruce Jenner. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=810FWtKnH-o

113.  Bruce Lee vs Clint Eastwood. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHCyaJS4Cbs

127.  Cleopatra vs Marilyn Monroe. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vICX-6dMOuA

142.  David Copperfield vs Harry Houdini. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVTwgQ76l-g

158.  Deadpool vs Boba Fett. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g708PmJAbuI

175.  Doc Brown vs Doctor Who. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDj7gvc_dsA

193.  Donald Trump vs Ebenezer Scrooge. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP6VqB4klpQ

212.  Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kbryz0mxuMY

232.  Eastern Philosophers vs Western Philosophers. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0N_RO-jL-90

253.  Elon Musk vs Mark Zuckerberg. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2GVxYfKSxA

275.  Epic Rap Battles of History News - Season 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8CCQopoCAE

298.  Epic Rap Battles of History News 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkCqXiKxCVs

322.  Epic Rap Battles of History News with Adam Smith..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnaXw6UJids

347.  Epic Rap Battles of History News with Isaac Newton..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HooJnTB6Uzw

373.  Epic Rap Battles of History News with Teddy Roosevelt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjOExpYDmJA

400.  Epic Rap Battles of History News with Theodore Roosevelt..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4BJzBwYUMA

428.  Epic Rap Battles of History News, Season 3.5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxOVW2CNw7Q

457.  Epic Rap Battles of History News, Season 4.5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abcdx2ji1C4

487.  Epic Rap Battles of History News..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzaJRsuvDPQ

518.  Epic Rap Battles of History Season 2..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQt_tnDbg98

550.  Epic Rap Battles of History Season 3..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lR6zKinOFc

583.  Epic Rap Battles of History Season 4..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-huwiIHUDSc

617.  Frank Sinatra vs Freddie Mercury. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5a_v0MP_Fk

652.  Freddy Krueger vs Wolverine - Epic Rap Battles of History..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdpG1iYkjuk

688.  Frederick Douglass vs Thomas Jefferson. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-ZblMfZpuw

725.  Gandhi vs Martin Luther King Jr. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6G6CZT7h4k

763.  George Carlin vs Richard Pryor. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Bx7CFiWfU0

802.  George Washington vs William Wallace. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dl7CLaZFG1c

842.  Ghostbusters vs Mythbusters. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0pnTm-KK9k

883.  Goku vs Superman. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MW9Nrg_kZU

925.  Gordon Ramsay vs Julia Child. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99-n42Xb6NQ

968.  Guy Fawkes vs Che Guevara. Epic Rap Battles of History..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yow_BJeb8TI

1012.  Hitler vs Vader 2. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeLrlmV9A-s

1057.  Hitler vs Vader 3. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpqNvskS_kM

1103.  Hulk Hogan vs. Kim Jong-il. New Edit Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zlu_SVDTUF4

1150.  J. R. R. Tolkien vs George R. R. Martin. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAAp_luluo0

1198.  Jack the Ripper vs Hannibal Lecter. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfkR5o_bcSg

1247.  Jacques Cousteau vs Steve Irwin. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-QjRTz-TII

1297.  James Bond vs Austin Powers. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iy7xDGi5lp4

1348.  Jim Henson vs Stan Lee. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXBJIZ1NXFU

1400.  l.ahk
 lll

1453.  Lewis and Clark vs Bill and Ted. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ll0v-CNCUwE

1507.  Mario Bros vs Wright Bros. Epic Rap Battles of History..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_hKLfTKU5Y

1562.  Master Chief vs Leonidas. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgVwv0ZuPhM

1618.  Michael Jackson vs Elvis Presley. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0M0RbaPxq2k

1675.  Michael Jordan vs Muhammad Ali. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_uOtAkEf6U

1733.  Miley Cyrus vs Joan of Arc. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQx1sqPHTrk

1792.  Moses vs Santa Claus. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kRAKXFrYQ4

1852.  Mother Teresa vs Sigmund Freud. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoPn-YVAW8I

1913.  Mozart vs Skrillex. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6Au0xCg3PI

1975.  Nice Peter vs EpicLLOYD 2. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mbGUld2w-s

2038.  Nikola Tesla vs Thomas Edison. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJ1Mz7kGVf0

2102.  Oprah Winfrey vs Ellen DeGeneres. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIsa-vfXV6Q

2167.  Rasputin vs Stalin. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZT2z0nrsQ8o

2233.  Rick Grimes vs Walter White. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krQHQvtIr6w

2300.  Romeo and Juliet vs Bonnie and Clyde. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NV7xJ73_eeM

2368.  Ronald McDonald vs The Burger King. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AjRR6c--Ak

2437.  Shaka Zulu vs Julius Caesar. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOm_2dGzqp0

2507.  Sir Isaac Newton vs Bill Nye. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yis7GzlXNM

2578.  Stephen King vs Edgar Allan Poe. Epic Rap Battles of History..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56R3hU-fWZY

2650.  Steve Jobs vs Bill Gates. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njos57IJf-0

2723.  Steven Spielberg vs Alfred Hitchcock. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wYtG7aQTHA

2797.  Terminator vs Robocop. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jmqa99Ar1Hs

2872.  Thanos vs J Robert Oppenheimer. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1vXC-vKgKg

2948.  The Joker vs Pennywise. Epic Rap Battles Of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2WxaeIJcqY

3025.  Theodore Roosevelt vs Winston Churchill. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owTPZQQAVyQ

3103.  Tony Hawk vs Wayne Gretzky. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goMYHB2Grvg

3182.  Vlad the Impaler vs Count Dracula. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noLKTNmmy10

3262.  Wonder Woman vs Stevie Wonder. Epic Rap Battles of History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7jL0NJ98Nc

3343.  Zeus vs Thor. Epic Rap Battles of History..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_xFOmYxKYw
Epic Rap Battles of History