
1.  (I Got Spurs That) Jingle Jangle Jingle (1942) - The Merry Macs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sCHMVyISQg&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

2.  Ain't That A Kick In the Head- Dean Martin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaj6YGOLskQ&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

3.  Andrew sisters with Danny Kaye - Civilization (the good version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCY09s-c41A&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

4.  Andrew Sisters-In The Mood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMyZf3F9o8Y&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

5.  Andrews Sisters & Danny Kaye - Civilization (Bongo Bongo Bongo) 1948.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEyDNTLlRgU&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

6.  Artie Shaw - The Japanese Sandman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiho-Bx7AbE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

7.  Battle of New Orleans, In 1814.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50_iRIcxsz0&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

8.  Beautiful Dreamer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtgklHQ52WE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

9.  Betty Hutton - He's A Demon, He's A Devil, He's A Doll (1950).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6LlW902JRk&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

10.  Betty Hutton - It's A Man (1951).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydLHY0qonl4&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

11.  Betty Hutton -- Murder, He Says.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClGNm89GZBE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

12.  Billie Holiday - Easy Living.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RX7TA3ezjHc&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

13.  Billie Holiday - i´ll be seeing you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDlKb2cBAqU&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

14.  Bing Crosby & Andrews Sisters Vic Shoen - Hot Time In The Town Of Berlin WWII 1943.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrVaObffYNw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

15.  Bing Crosby And The Andrew Sisters Vict'ry Polka (1878076).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZ541j5305A&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

16.  Bing Crosby And The Andrew Sisters Vict'ry Polka.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZ541j5305A&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

17.  Bing Crosby And The Andrew Sisters, Pistol Packin' Mama.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjgqQcKE3DY&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

18.  Bing Crosby I've Got A Pocketful Of Dreams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTFWa92a8GE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

19.  Bing Crosby & The Andrews Sisters - Pistol Packin' Mama 1943.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b39ALX4neIk&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

20.  Bing Sings I Haven't Time to Be a Millionaire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqzBUaonyZw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

21.  Bing Sings I'm an Old Cowhand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo-pApe1Kd0&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

22.  Bob Crosby and the Bobcats - Dear Hearts And Gentle People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXNOz-HkoOM&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

23.  Carolina in the Morning (Al Jolson, 1947).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoJJcixSfjo&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

24.  Casablanca - As Time Goes By - Original Song by Sam (Dooley Wilson).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d22CiKMPpaY&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

25.  Charles Trenet - BOUM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLBFeoikELo&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

26.  Count Basie - April in Paris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sU1yg6_l0_4&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

27.  Dean Martin & The Andrews Sisters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmY_CAydApw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

28.  Dean Martin - Let it Snow!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mN7LW0Y00kE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

29.  DEAN MARTIN - RETURN TO ME.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_NQHqzcIfM&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

30.  Dean Martin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhqxFyDlYFc&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

31.  Dinah Shore Buttons Bows Dinah Shore Buttons Bows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZsA7HQXXBE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

32.  Don Gibson - Blue Blue Day (1958).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT3G3juIzj4&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

33.  Doris Day - Dream A Little Dream of Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7j8wa9sWOE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

34.  Duke Ellington - It don't mean a thing (1943) (1841928).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDQpZT3GhDg&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

35.  Duke Ellington - It don't mean a thing (1943).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDQpZT3GhDg&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

36.  Evelyn Knight - A Little Bird Told Me 1949.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiKrclcBPXY&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

37.  Fallout 3 Soundtrack - Dear Hearts and Gentle People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yh9RywD_Fw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

38.  Fallout 3 Soundtrack - Fox Boggie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EWtH-ii61w&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

39.  Fallout New Vegas Radio - American Swing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58MZ8ECtPTw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

40.  Fats Waller - By the Light of the Silvery Moon, 1942.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8sGdqCSg30&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

41.  Frank Sinatra - Come Fly With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HmQq6yLe2ww&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

42.  Frank Sinatra - Fly Me to the Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8APTpzqWyRk&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

43.  Frank Sinatra - My Funny Valentine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Are-c0BLyIg&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

44.  Frank Sinatra - Pennies From Heaven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa-YV_ZjEzY&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

45.  Frank Sinatra - Somewhere Beyond The Sea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oH6mw2Rc3DQ&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

46.  Frank Sinatra - The Way You Look Tonight (1483923).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9ZGKALMMuc&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

47.  Frank Sinatra - The Way You Look Tonight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9ZGKALMMuc&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

48.  Hank Williams Sr.. Ramblin' Man - 1951.wmv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V41gDDWEPso&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

49.  HD Dinah Shore & Bing Crosby Medley 1963 Dinah Shore Chevy Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHlxEgoK_04&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

50.  Heart And Soul - Hoagy Carmichael - 'Big' Theme Tune.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8CSjDC18b0&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

51.  Homer & Jethro - She Made Toothpicks Of The Timber Of My Heart (RCA 48-0170) [1949].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1ssQ1WFFO4&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

52.  I Don't Want To Set The World On Fire-The Ink Spots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6l6vqPUM_FE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

53.  Jim Breedlove - My Guardian Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4TRUcxo94Y&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

54.  Jimmy Durante - As Time Goes By (1200171).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-GOgLS0DIU&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

55.  Jimmy Durante - As Time Goes By.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-GOgLS0DIU&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

56.  Kay Kyser - Jingle Jangle Jingle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lq7wO1qtQuM&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

57.  L.A. Noire K.T.I. Radio - A Little Bird Told Me  - Evelyn Knight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4jGSwuGv3U&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

58.  La Mer (Beyond The Sea) - Bing Crosby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJ0mo9wFU-Y&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

59.  Louis Prima - Pennies from the Heaven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pELxwTp7gk&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

60.  Louis Prima - WHEN YOU'RE SMILING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXYRkp2HZto&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

61.  Mafia 2 Radio Soundtrack - Bing Crosby - By the light of the silvery moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQ1V2fknJgo&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

62.  Mafia 2 Radio Soundtrack - Bing Crosby - The pessimistic character.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyDij3xAzTY&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

63.  Mafia 2 Radio Soundtrack - Johnny Dodds - Come on and stomp stomp stomp.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpeRqgTi6-c&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

64.  Maurice Williams & the Zodiacs - Stay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1Z_hskvz1M&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

65.  Merle Travis   Smoke Smoke Smoke.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hS2ShTD3_8E&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

66.  Move it on Over - Hank Williams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Lza3NVH6Ig&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

67.  Murder, He Says - Dinah Shore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gt3ioZazTMM&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

68.  Only Forever - Bing Crosby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNCt6hkCUic&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

69.  Peggy Lee-It's A Good Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=If82O1e0bow&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

70.  PERSONALITY ~ Johnny Mercer & The Pied Pipers (1945).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMTPsumjfTA&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

71.  Run Rabbit Run - Flanagan & Allen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVdoZNxtL8k&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

72.  Sam Butera & The Witnesses - Let The Good Times Roll (Mafia II soundtrack) (1633348).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB_OdxptWxE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

73.  Sam Butera & The Witnesses - Let The Good Times Roll (Mafia II soundtrack).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB_OdxptWxE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

74.  Something's Gotta Give - Bing Crosby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShBKQD7tgVE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

75.  Soundies - Sweet Sue (Just You).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVym96GyuEE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

76.  Strip Polka - The Andrews Sisters wLyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyILRoOhvyQ&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

77.  Swing Doors - Allan Gray (1735446).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeD8USz_jVg&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

78.  Swing Doors - Allan Gray.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rbuur-pA4xM&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

79.  Tex Williams - Smoke! Smoke! Smoke! (That Cigarette) 1947.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65_-vNtWLLs&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

80.  The Andrews Sisters - Rum And Coca-Cola 1944 (1225993).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiayZdPESno&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

81.  The Andrews Sisters - Rum And Coca-Cola 1944.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiayZdPESno&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

82.  The Ink Spots - Maybe (1608164).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1E5vvulNS6A&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

83.  The Ink Spots - Maybe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1j1_baQwH8&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

84.  The Java Jive (Ink Spots, 1940) (1678598).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP6IUqrFHjw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

85.  The Java Jive (Ink Spots, 1940).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP6IUqrFHjw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

86.  The Lonesome Road - The Andrews Sisters 1939.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wz8ZKyVPCRc&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

87.  There`ll Always Be An England - Alfred Piccaver (1024992).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-7o4xEQCWs&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

88.  There`ll Always Be An England - Alfred Piccaver.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-7o4xEQCWs&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

89.  Tom Lehrer - We Will All Go Together When We Go - with intro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIoBrob3bjI&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

90.  Vera Lynn - We'll Meet Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsM_VmN6ytk&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

91.  Was Leaky-Eye-Luca a Stand User.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lENjhniG6o8&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

92.  We'll Meet Again - Vera Lynn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHcunREYzNY&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

93.  Who's Yehoodi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BU9u9Jb36AU&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN
Music from the 40s and early 50s