
99819.  10 things you didn't know about orgasm  Mary Roach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jx0dTYUO5E

99821.  A Saudi, an Indian and an Iranian walk into a Qatari bar ...  Maz Jobrani.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kxL9Cf46VM

99824.  All it takes is 10 mindful minutes  Andy Puddicombe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzR62JJCMBQ

99828.  Beatbox brilliance  Tom Thum  TEDxSydney.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNZBSZD16cY

99833.  Brain magic  Keith Barry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GigYWy2UmOY

99839.  Depression, the secret we share  Andrew Solomon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eBUcBfkVCo

99846.  Do schools kill creativity  Sir Ken Robinson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iG9CE55wbtY

99854.  Every kid needs a champion  Rita Pierson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFnMTHhKdkw

99863.  Hackschooling makes me happy  Logan LaPlante  TEDxUniversityofNevada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h11u3vtcpaY

99873.  How great leaders inspire action  Simon Sinek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp0HIF3SfI4

99884.  How movies teach manhood  Colin Stokes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueOqYebVhtc

99896.  How the worst moments in our lives make us who we are  Andrew Solomon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiM5a-vaNkg

99909.  How to escape education's death valley  Sir Ken Robinson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wX78iKhInsc

99923.  How to find and do work you love  Scott Dinsmore  TEDxGoldenGatePark (2D).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpe-LKn-4gM

99938.  How to make stress your friend  Kelly McGonigal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcGyVTAoXEU

99954.  How to spot a liar  Pamela Meyer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_6vDLq64gE

99971.  How to stop screwing yourself over  Mel Robbins  TEDxSF.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp7E973zozc

99989.  I got 99 problems... palsy is just one  Maysoon Zayid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buRLc2eWGPQ

100008.  If I should have a daughter ...  Sarah Kay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0snNB1yS3IE

100028.  Is there scientific proof we can heal ourselves  Lissa Rankin, MD  TEDxAmericanRiviera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWQfe__fNbs

100049.  Life is easy. Why do we make it so hard  Jon Jandai  TEDxDoiSuthep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21j_OCNLuYg

100071.  Looks aren't everything. Believe me, I'm a model.  Cameron Russell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KM4Xe6Dlp0Y

100094.  My stroke of insight  Jill Bolte Taylor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyyjU8fzEYU

100118.  Strange answers to the psychopath test  Jon Ronson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYemnKEKx0c

100143.  Tackling diabetes with a bold new dietary approach Neal Barnard at TEDxFremont.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktQzM2IA-qU

100169.  TEDxAsheville - Adam Baker - Sell your crap. Pay your debt. Do what you love..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XRPbFIN4lk

100196.  The greatest TED Talk ever sold - Morgan Spurlock.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2jyjfcp1as

100224.  The happy secret to better work  Shawn Achor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLJsdqxnZb0

100253.  The hidden meanings of yin and yang - John Bellaimey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezmR9Attpyc

100283.  The history of our world in 18 minutes  David Christian.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqc9zX04DXs

100314.  The magic of Fibonacci numbers  Arthur Benjamin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjSHVDfXHQ4

100346.  The most groundbreaking scientist you've never heard of - Addison Anderson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=If4I3aF1PRg

100379.  The orchestra in my mouth  Tom Thum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFjIi2hxxf0

100413.  The paradox of choice  Barry Schwartz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VO6XEQIsCoM

100448.  The power of introverts  Susan Cain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0KYU2j0TM4

100484.  The power of vulnerability  Brené Brown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCvmsMzlF7o

100521.  The puzzle of motivation  Dan Pink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrkrvAUbU9Y

100559.  The shocking truth about your health  Lissa Rankin  TEDxFiDiWomen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tu9nJmr4Xs

100598.  The thrilling potential of SixthSense technology  Pranav Mistry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrtANPtnhyg

100638.  The world's ugliest music  Scott Rickard  TEDxMIA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RENk9PK06AQ

100679.  What hallucination reveals about our minds  Oliver Sacks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgOTaXhbqPQ

100721.  What I learned from 100 days of rejection  Jia Jiang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vZXgApsPCQ

100764.  What really matters at the end of life  BJ Miller.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apbSsILLh28

100808.  Which country does the most good for the world  Simon Anholt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1X7fZoDs9KU

100853.  Why good leaders make you feel safe  Simon Sinek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmyZMtPVodo

100899.  Why we do what we do  Tony Robbins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cpc-t-Uwv1I

100946.  Why we laugh  Sophie Scott.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxLRv0FEndM

100994.  Your body language may shape who you are  Amy Cuddy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks-_Mh1QhMc

101043.  Your brain on video games  Daphne Bavelier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FktsFcooIG8

101093.  Your elusive creative genius  Elizabeth Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86x-u-tz0MA
Top 100 Best Ted Talks 2021 (And Other Educational Videos)