
All I Have To Do Is Dream - Everly Brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbU3zdAgiX8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Bobby Darin - Dream Lover (Lyrics On-Screen and in Description)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_urVDCrf5A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Bread Everything I own.wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Q1kB0R4Ijs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Chordettes - Lollipop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rYoRaxgOE0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Dean Martin - That's Amore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnFlx2Lnr9Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Dion & The Belmonts I Wonder Why 1958
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAPEfdjvTqE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Doris Day - Que Sera Sera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZbKHDPPrrc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Fever - Peggy Lee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGb5IweiYG8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

I've Got You Under My Skin - Frank Sinatra  Concert Collection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqH7VwpSwBo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

James Brown-Try me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2XY6oRD2xc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Jo Stafford - You Belong To Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQfF84ackMM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Johnny Mathis - Chances Are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEH3uqbpsm8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Little Darlin'-The Diamonds-1957
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SaHPgTdF1g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Little Peggy March - I will follow him (best version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JVhbusBDi4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Love Letters in the Sand  Pat Boone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ENzT9k1LRs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Mr. Sandman - The Chordettes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX45pYvxDiA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Oh, Carol - Neil Sedaka - wLyrics?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1RtlMpYOeE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

One Summer Night- The Danleers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QT4LJxBBaF0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Paul Anka - Put Your Head On My Shoulder (1959) HQ Audio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvxagNIBVLU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Paul Anka- Diana
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPw5WiABUOA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

perry como   papa loves mambo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujB-BZn3C4g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Ritchie Valens - OH Donna HD Video - Subtitulada (English Lyrics) Captions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IC9zULGSMyA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Ritchie Valens-Donna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMcHbh6HBDk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Sukiyaki (Ue o Muite Arukou) - Kyu Sakamoto (English Translation and Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C35DrtPlUbc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

The Chordettes Lollipop & Mr. Sandman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fty3Nzc-oiY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

The Crew Cuts - Sh Boom Sh Boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9G0-4TWwew&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

The Dells - Oh What A Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1ozQT8yQXA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

The Marcels   -   Blue Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0fy1HeJv80&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

The Penguins - Earth Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

The Platters - Only You (And You Alone) (Original Footage HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FygIKsnkCw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

The Platters - Twilight Time - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvRe_pt9XHo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

The Teddy Bears - To know him is to love him  (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIUf6dOGc1c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

Tommy Edwards - It's All In The Game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gtizr2G_7Bk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v
50s Pop Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1950's Pop Songs