
1.  Freedom Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laPqrdx0BKE&pp=sAQA

2.  George Michael - #listen25 – 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bNiDKqWsmo&pp=sAQA

3.  George Michael - #listen25 – 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7WZGeLb9aE&pp=sAQA

4.  George Michael - #listen25 – 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flHcEUSJZiE&pp=sAQA

5.  George Michael - #listen25 – 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4-2Lp3dIvw&pp=sAQA

6.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Eight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Kb258EdV94&pp=sAQA

7.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Eleven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vllwWcbhUx4&pp=sAQA

8.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Fifteen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iik5vTPr8_c&pp=sAQA

9.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Five.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=156JHckIMc8&pp=sAQA

10.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Four.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csrgGPchSJ8&pp=sAQA

11.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Fourteen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLpi6wh-lds&pp=sAQA

12.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Nine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXsHmmt-FhY&pp=sAQA

13.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTrQ3gLuyS4&pp=sAQA

14.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Seven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NC_CLzNLGaA&pp=sAQA

15.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Seventeen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cd7OyDdc6Ao&pp=sAQA

16.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Six.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIOnITCDabM&pp=sAQA

17.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Sixteen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuPxWRFkntY&pp=sAQA

18.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Ten.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiqUEBkT47s&pp=sAQA

19.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Thirteen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sduen3lCl4I&pp=sAQA

20.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Three.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzzqCzuPYZc&pp=sAQA

21.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Twelve.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlJMjo9ZmLM&pp=sAQA

22.  George Michael - 17 Days of Symphonica Day Two.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCB5WP-DfjE&pp=sAQA

23.  George Michael - A Different Corner (Live On BBC Parkinson Show).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfPSNKb0Ahc&pp=sAQA

24.  George Michael - A Different Corner (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPWHkK-_a_A&pp=sAQA

25.  George Michael - A Last Request (I Want Your Sex) Pt. 3 [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjvkJ7a0WWM&pp=sAQA

26.  George Michael - Amazing (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YziZ1FlAWs&pp=sAQA

27.  George Michael - An Easier Affair (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itzpiIzpV-g&pp=sAQA

28.  George Michael - Brother Can You Spare a Dime (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keuyx-ROUA0&pp=sAQA

29.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (25 Live Tour) [Live from Earls Court 2008].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quqlt_RNMEw&pp=sAQA

30.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (35th Anniversary Story Behind the Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fyimqSIw8U&pp=sAQA

31.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Extended Mix) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFiMA_Id3A4&pp=sAQA

32.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Live from Top of the Pops 1984).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qpk4bJOls0g&pp=sAQA

33.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1m6en0SQNFs&pp=sAQA

34.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwMK8JVWkBE&pp=sAQA

35.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ&pp=sAQA

36.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Stereo Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71IIZWKcepQ&pp=sAQA

37.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Wexler Mix) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s03-uzAW_Ko&pp=sAQA

38.  George Michael - Cowboys and Angels (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ve-rxwKuqtI&pp=sAQA

39.  George Michael - December Song (I Dreamed Of Christmas) 2010.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-xzyD00_fI&pp=sAQA

40.  George Michael - Faith (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Cs3Pvmmv0E&pp=sAQA

41.  George Michael - Faith 2011 (Sizzle Reel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uzd71Z8j_BM&pp=sAQA

42.  George Michael - Fantasy (Audio) ft. Nile Rodgers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdOSUIXlI0I&pp=sAQA

43.  George Michael - Fantasy (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8kyWO6Bg4Y&pp=sAQA

44.  George Michael - Fantasy (Official Video) ft. Nile Rodgers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWk7ykBdIA8&pp=sAQA

45.  George Michael - Fastlove (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHAQlFq6TFg&pp=sAQA

46.  George Michael - Father Figure (Remastered) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udtByWgt1Mk&pp=sAQA

47.  George Michael - Father Figure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_9hfHvQSNo&pp=sAQA

48.  George Michael - Feeling Good (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxBr_9EkmQ0&pp=sAQA

49.  George Michael - Feeling Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JOXbSZcgkk&pp=sAQA

50.  George Michael - Flawless (Go To The City) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgGDcn46aW8&pp=sAQA

51.  George Michael - Free (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiHYsbeJAsg&pp=sAQA

52.  George Michael - Freedom '90 Music Video Outtakes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uh3aU63f8U8&pp=sAQA

53.  George Michael - Freedom The Film - A Fashion Masterclass with Jean-Paul Gaultier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3CxWDZHDcE&pp=sAQA

54.  George Michael - Freedom The Film - Praying for Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6rgI7hko9A&pp=sAQA

55.  George Michael - Freedom The Film - The First Time I Met George.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKHzf8hc4zw&pp=sAQA

56.  George Michael - Freedom! '90 (25 Live Tour) [Live from Earls Court 2008].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nW5c_9yWgvE&pp=sAQA

57.  George Michael - Freedom! '90 (Back to Reality Mix) [Official Visualiser].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9XuivF1He4&pp=sAQA

58.  George Michael - Freedom! '90 (Official 4K Video) [Teaser 1].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n06ZuM5y_wE&pp=sAQA

59.  George Michael - Freedom! '90 (Official 4K Video) [Teaser 2].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPAY9Q7FCho&pp=sAQA

60.  George Michael - Freedom! '90 (Official 4K Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDXtCEMPsEc&pp=sAQA

61.  George Michael - Freedom! '90 (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40eqoQHJU_E&pp=sAQA

62.  George Michael - Freedom! '90 (The Making of the Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aG10FczqpQA&pp=sAQA

63.  George Michael - Freedom! ’90 (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diYAc7gB-0A&pp=sAQA

64.  George Michael - Full EPK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKcxCN7Xz-k&pp=sAQA

65.  George Michael - Going To A Town (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DZJQjn3jV8&pp=sAQA

66.  George Michael - Hand to Mouth (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-dEqEfw1yI&pp=sAQA

67.  George Michael - Hard Day (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgWzdzSQA3M&pp=sAQA

68.  George Michael - Hard Day (Shep Pettibone Remix) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKFRiSUtK-I&pp=sAQA

69.  George Michael - Heal the Pain (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwGlhJV75Vc&pp=sAQA

70.  George Michael - I Can't Make You Love Me (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbWJO8RMg1A&pp=sAQA

71.  George Michael - I Remember You (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYXXzquL5Bk&pp=sAQA

72.  George Michael - I Want Your Sex (Monogamy Mix) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yz-EBKHOfWc&pp=sAQA

73.  George Michael - I Want Your Sex (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3AP26ywQsQ&pp=sAQA

74.  George Michael - I Want Your Sex (Stereo Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vldh7oQD-a4&pp=sAQA

75.  George Michael - It Doesn't Really Matter (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MEaPhvKRGY&pp=sAQA

76.  George Michael - Jesus to a Child (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNBj4EV_hAo&pp=sAQA

77.  George Michael - John And Elvis Are Dead (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-GvAbPsarw&pp=sAQA

78.  George Michael - KillerPapa Was A Rolling Stone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaeCnGOaE98&pp=sAQA

79.  George Michael - Kissing a Fool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhmj6Gm-6Do&pp=sAQA

80.  George Michael - Last Christmas (Official International Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKB5Q33MQ-w&pp=sAQA

81.  George Michael - Let Her Down Easy (Live At The Palais Garnier Opera House, Paris, France, 2011).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ8DeurBHwo&pp=sAQA

82.  George Michael - Let Her Down Easy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58hMog3XuuY&pp=sAQA

83.  George Michael - Let Her Down Easy (Teaser).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vwnM7PJlHA&pp=sAQA

84.  George Michael - Listen Without Prejudice MTV Unplugged - Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0G5wr7gOTg&pp=sAQA

85.  George Michael - Listen Without Prejudice MTV Unplugged - Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzJ5gn0v-PE&pp=sAQA

86.  George Michael - Look at Your Hands (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNYkkNIVRf8&pp=sAQA

87.  George Michael - Miss Sarajevo (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CU7xwtIdyoI&pp=sAQA

88.  George Michael - Monkey (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kA9NNq_6N-w&pp=sAQA

89.  George Michael - Monkey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHb2XYeXcJI&pp=sAQA

90.  George Michael - Mothers Pride (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yksM7Ym2yTU&pp=sAQA

91.  George Michael - Move On (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tBbM2z_PMc&pp=sAQA

92.  George Michael - My Baby Just Cares for Me (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vjp3Wu4qny0&pp=sAQA

93.  George Michael - My Mother Had a Brother (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4fANPiH9bU&pp=sAQA

94.  George Michael - Older (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04-9Gv0FMLg&pp=sAQA

95.  George Michael - One More Try (Remastered) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r5Dhqaay4E&pp=sAQA

96.  George Michael - One More Try.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bG5N3GC-m20&pp=sAQA

97.  George Michael - Outside (Live On BBC Parkinson Show).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SigVlf8ZsL8&pp=sAQA

98.  George Michael - Outside (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwZAYdHcDtU&pp=sAQA

99.  George Michael - Praying For Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goroyZbVdlo&pp=sAQA

100.  George Michael - Round Here (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmTvfml31AI&pp=sAQA

101.  George Michael - Roxanne (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnhNwcfZPpg&pp=sAQA

102.  George Michael - Roxanne (Live) (1434153).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dC_XfM6JjXc&pp=sAQA

103.  George Michael - Roxanne (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUk7C88-6rg&pp=sAQA

104.  George Michael - Secret Love (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMXSZhwqnEQ&pp=sAQA

105.  George Michael - Shoot The Dog (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABhZQ_VRbsQ&pp=sAQA

106.  George Michael - Something to Save (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lC3yF-e8KKo&pp=sAQA

107.  George Michael - Soul Free (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrUWE4-eB48&pp=sAQA

108.  George Michael - Spinning The Wheel (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSoMTkn_Qfg&pp=sAQA

109.  George Michael - Star People '97 (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixsKAEalya8&pp=sAQA

110.  George Michael - Star People (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-iUfEX4aV4&pp=sAQA

111.  George Michael - The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Na3bPzrZS-o&pp=sAQA

112.  George Michael - The Story Behind Freedom '90.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6CsfTsLNIY&pp=sAQA

113.  George Michael - The Strangest Thing (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfxdX0I9PTc&pp=sAQA

114.  George Michael - They Won't Go When I Go (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oata-ksmxjg&pp=sAQA

115.  George Michael - This Is How (We Want You To Get High) (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1kWLPGUKcs&pp=sAQA

116.  George Michael - To Be Forgiven (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmBI-kmZB-E&pp=sAQA

117.  George Michael - Too Funky (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQ2DVwSVIIo&pp=sAQA

118.  George Michael - Vogue X Instagram Freedom! 90 Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hB-wST7rwY&pp=sAQA

119.  George Michael - Waiting (Reprise) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijzKZXjVV28&pp=sAQA

120.  George Michael - Where or WhenSilenceIt's Alright With Me (Can Can) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFkq36Tnerk&pp=sAQA

121.  George Michael - White Light (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjKeypLWvXk&pp=sAQA

122.  George Michael - White Light (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRAOG-BpNOw&pp=sAQA

123.  George Michael - Wild Is the Wind (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgHmEidxPMA&pp=sAQA

124.  George Michael - You Have Been Loved (Audio) (1947249).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6izqHk4ugo&pp=sAQA

125.  George Michael - You Have Been Loved (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwPjuVBwVgE&pp=sAQA

126.  George Michael - You Have Been Loved (Live) (1161041).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pACD0AgnhzM&pp=sAQA

127.  George Michael - You Have Been Loved (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcX0hDEqS4E&pp=sAQA

128.  George Michael - You've Changed (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4Si1muq-EM&pp=sAQA

129.  George Michael Freedom - The Film.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJHUtoaJd-E&pp=sAQA

130.  George Michael, Aretha Franklin - I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDxzQJaA228&pp=sAQA

131.  George Michael, Elton John - Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsKqMNDoR4o&pp=sAQA

132.  George Michael, Mary J. Blige - As (CJ Mackintosh Remix) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSYyzPjDbog&pp=sAQA

133.  George Michael, Mary J. Blige - As (Official 4K Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wwS49p3uRQ&pp=sAQA

134.  George Michael, Mary J. Blige - As (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fy1LG1X3evA&pp=sAQA

135.  George Michael, Mary J. Blige - As (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3V726_HShyY&pp=sAQA

136.  George Michael, Mary J. Blige, Waze & Odyssey, Tommy Theo - Always (Drag Stars).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-Qm-TQVjrA&pp=sAQA

137.  George Michael, Toby Bourke - Waltz Away Dreaming (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ed5xP_9FoY&pp=sAQA

138.  The Story Behind Freedom Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIUhVo0z0W4&pp=sAQA

139.  “Tonight the music seems so loud. I wish that we could lose this crowd.” #GeorgeMichael #Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQMkkxW22z0&pp=sAQA
George Michael