
1.  A new way to get paid - Coin Flip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mi_-AfCNAfY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

2.  Absurd call centre rules - Call Centre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rkwE0SaJzs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

3.  Accidentally getting high at work - Special Brownie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NZExvxuoXw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

4.  Annoying customers after closing time - In and Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwtZrI6HuwY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

5.  Annoying customers on the phone in retail - Outrageous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgxP_mYGbPw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

6.  Are You Lying To Me - Bored Ep16  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuxwS5aVARM&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

7.  Awkward speech at a funeral.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnHisRxQXgA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

8.  Bandits - Bored Ep 10 (DayZ)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0M_UEXvJu5U&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

9.  Being forced to tip in retail - The Tip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10PV25ybG7U&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

10.  Being forced to use scripts in retail - Scripted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4tQx6EmFvc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

11.  Being robbed by your friend - Friend Robbery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dGaIgmmbXM&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

12.  Bereavement Leave - Bored Ep 87 (getting time off)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAALnT7xZXI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

13.  Best Manager - Bored Ep 47  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDBGELeUXJk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

14.  Birthday - Bored EP 118  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sywM0ZOqfJ4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

15.  Bloopers Vol 1 - Bored (Behind the scenes of filming bored)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFy9_yZk42U&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

16.  Bootleg - Bored Ep 91  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPwo2NZljFQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

17.  Boredception - Bored Ep 15  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5geAxK4gsc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

18.  Boring workplace Trust Training - Work Training.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffjWnBfbVsM&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

19.  Brownie - Bored Ep 94  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FE6aij8zrrE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

20.  Casual Friday - Bored Ep 9  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rdo0AaKzL3g&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

21.  Casual Monday - Bored Ep 26  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPftpfgI0Ww&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

22.  Clever way to stop people stealing - Open Door.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmWHKYho3rU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

23.  Closing Time - Bored Ep 88  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xC3A7z-2y18&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

24.  Complaints Pile - Bored Ep 127  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dd8-PBTHtv0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

25.  Confusion - Bored Ep 99  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3a9ZGaUJSY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

26.  Cookie Revenge - Bored Ep 40  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwEQKbChXO4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

27.  Cost Price - Bored Ep 78 (Last item in stock)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSqbXfMUL1k&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

28.  Creep - Bored Ep 45  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10auO8foCUQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

29.  Dance Dance - Bored Ep 95  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3wMx1-wjE0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

30.  Delivering a dead body - Odd Package.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT_y4NX2jJk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

31.  Delivering a USB - Overpackaged.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiEoF5-RBQw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

32.  Diablo Immortal wasn't too well received.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gh0jxNQ8rmY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

33.  Dick Bump - Bored Ep 124  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OtRddx6DdA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

34.  Distraction - Bored Ep 86  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsCEYGsQ3KY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

35.  Does Size Matter - Bigger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oDeYb8llQc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

36.  Dota vs Heroes - Bored Ep 22  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zucC64r24k&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

37.  Explaining things to a woman - Mansplaining.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNorAVQOWu8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

38.  Finally standing up to your boss - Coffee Showdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNoH85RFapc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

39.  Finger Bang - Bored Ep 62  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfUQ_EWRWB4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

40.  Fixing a Teenage Boys computer - Minefield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQWOMYEF7vs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

41.  Flair - Bored Ep 110 (wearing clothes with style)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AojtTX3lyyQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

42.  Flappy Bird - Bored Ep 7  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0WtIwxiC6Q&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

43.  Floor Model - Bored Ep82 (The manager is always right)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YzBMyoe3gM&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

44.  Forgetting basic human things - How to Walk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QpsdYh7uhI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

45.  Free Laptop - Bored Ep 122  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PywO1W9SPHQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

46.  Friends who spoil movies for you - Spoiler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6fU3meVSmw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

47.  Getting a USB in first time - USB.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTHm7ixOe84&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

48.  Getting someones name mixed up - Wrong Name.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRn0uv7dONs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

49.  Girl Gamer - Bored Ep 46  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwqRBbEWduY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

50.  Going crazy in Covid-19 Lockdown - Isolation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSgqHNmEsFE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

51.  Having a co-worker that eats too loudly - Chips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pm0EDnHZp3g&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

52.  Having work drinks WITHOUT the boss - Work Drinks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_9WHlMaLfE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

53.  Helping your unemployed friend - The Favour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08SpYj_xJ7s&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

54.  Heroes vs Hearthstone - Bored Ep 32  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=654U7a7rirw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

55.  Hire Shia - Bored Ep 23  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRsawYXWEY8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

56.  Horrible Christmas music in retail stores - X-mas Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-qkkPAK7k8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

57.  How not to give away free samples.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCbETXld_ck&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

58.  How to get off work - Broom Technique.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Dxi1fLFJ14&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

59.  How to give constructive feedback - Compliment Sandwich.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPVnOonSO-s&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

60.  How to handle someone crying at work - Crying.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywFjMoM4_9Y&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

61.  How to kill a conversation - Morbid Chat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgJh5_dPGD8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

62.  How To Mine Bitcoins - Bored Ep 105  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EoxggHmWxY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

63.  How to request leave from your boss - Paid Leave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQS_H_QeS3c&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

64.  How to run a store from outside - Locked Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-acBDIQQs4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

65.  How to steal $500 - The Heist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29FN-4itdIo&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

66.  How to talk to attractive women in retail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GB01rSkSS94&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

67.  Just Browsing - Bored Ep 73 (when customers trash your store - retail sucks)  Viva La Dirt League.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiLac7PaW34&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

68.  Karen vs Manager.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfBVMiIfJZU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

69.  Karen wants a showdown - Karen Returns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMWYQGxibB0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

70.  Kiss Kiss - Bored Ep 103 (Jealously in the workplace is horrible)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wndtv6flFyY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

71.  Kiss Kiss Kiss - Bored ep 104 (when you get sent to HR)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVK4Poe57WI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

72.  Late - Bored Ep 58  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKRXI8xpLCs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

73.  Learning how to give praise - Loud Compliment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvU4QnE-2nQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

74.  Learning the addiction of Reddit the hard way - Reddit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJpCIaOYWZQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

75.  Leave Request - Bored Ep83 (Requesting leave can be difficult)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsI1ocqqY30&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

76.  Legacy of the Void - Bored Ep 28  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxQRzxD-qlE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

77.  Let's play a game (when 'Would you rather' involves a knife and gets serious) - Bored  VLDL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSCYUDn6tPc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

78.  Lewis (The white shirt origins) - Bored Ep 54  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P81mRIBR3fg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

79.  Locked In - Bored Ep 60  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Yh-BEmc9bA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

80.  Love Poem - Bored Ep 119  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_bvuZ8-_n4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

81.  Low Blow (When Snapchat Catches You Off Guard) - Bored Ep 57  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBYxd9jY7SI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

82.  Mac Gamer - Bored Ep5  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYv3-HfRNcA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

83.  Mac Repair - Bored Ep 27  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCrfWmaBy6k&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

84.  Mail Drop - Bored Ep 109 (There is a new Electronic whiteboard)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cLRzSe6Lm0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

85.  Marketing to women - Girl Gamers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ah4mbOxl7M&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

86.  Millionaire - Bored Ep 128 (winning the lottery jackpot)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lezClLnD8o8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

87.  Misleading prices in stores - $2000 bag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al7nSLnCL_s&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

88.  Missed Call - Bored Ep 56  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NpjB4IdtQg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

89.  Missing - Bored Ep 98  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYM5Noiwugs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

90.  Mistaking another customer for an employee - Uniform.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rH-0uWrHMjI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

91.  Misunderstanding your job description - Delivery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLmpdCbvUQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

92.  Monopoly - Bored Ep 66 (board games vs sad news phone call)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfzHlkNrwqg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

93.  Mystery shopper - Bored Ep 80 (Being forced to be a good employee is horrible)  VLDL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGZJEoZ-7aY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

94.  Naked Day - Bored Ep 121  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0uXdZSm-pI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

95.  New Beginnings - Bored Ep 100  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMqTsnr0J1M&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

96.  New Keyboard Smell - Bored Ep 107  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQQHnZ8o_MI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

97.  New smell obsession (1235685).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Che4OdVACFo&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

98.  New smell obsession.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Che4OdVACFo&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

99.  No Customers - Bored Ep 74 (working in retail with a crappy boss)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDtuhQyTQ7c&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

100.  No price tag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muysggCiy6s&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

101.  Nude - Bored Ep 89  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5R2TfOFFXC0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

102.  Old Friends - Bored Ep 51  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWIS0fArF-k&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

103.  Opening Hours - Bored Ep 67 (Office Inspired Rule Stickler - Retail be like)  Viva La Dirt League.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SxXdF_ByXA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

104.  Out of Stock - Bored Ep 90  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uO411elm49s&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

105.  Passive aggressive arguments at work - Lucked Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06NiZ3YPoC0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

106.  Pay Rise - Bored Ep 93 (How to ask for a raise)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFkFWj_ktzs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

107.  Payday - Bored Ep 72 (finally payday let the money rain!)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IHLxKGXqWQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

108.  Paying with coins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTx-BaBuZ6w&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

109.  People who know nothing about computers - Clearing Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzoW_GO45vk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

110.  Personal life vs work life - Bad Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9k_x3VBo1I&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

111.  Playing immature games at work - Staring Contest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kODQqiCb_QI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

112.  Playtech Awards - Bored Ep 126  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-fBJZl-7K4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

113.  Pokemon Danger - Bored Ep 43  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DB8XKXf7en8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

114.  Pokemon Go Battle Goes Wrong! - Bored Ep 37  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNTiYCLxDjI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

115.  Pooping on work time - Poos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSdI1pPTlso&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

116.  Pre-Order - Bored Ep 85 (Last one in stock)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPnkuhafvSQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

117.  Precious - Bored Ep 52  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7qSm1_Bywo&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

118.  Pretending to be an employee - Imposter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsFGJqXnqBE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

119.  Pushing Up Day Z's - Bored Ep6  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0OJh8TrlvE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

120.  Quick Fix - Bored Ep 42  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdZ2JIGJFn0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

121.  Quitting - Bored Ep 96 (Handing in your resignation)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a14evEGbcXg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

122.  Reddicted - Bored Ep4  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqqHlkND-Xw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

123.  Reddit Rehab - Bored Ep 11  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHquTNRab3w&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

124.  Reddit Robbery - Bored Ep 34  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y26xcn6Iotk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

125.  Repair Job - Bored Ep84 (Repairs on a mac can be dubious)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxSCWHRAmRU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

126.  Return - Bored Ep 101 (Catching a thief in store)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJOByZVVSkM&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

127.  Return of the Cookie - Bored Ep113 (the saga continues)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tg4jL_JOoos&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

128.  Return of the King - Bored Ep 55  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-bEhd9gq-g&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

129.  Rough Cut - Bored Ep 35  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ENj1DS5-J4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

130.  Rowan - Bored Ep 111 (complaining about your boss)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQBmckxdZQ4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

131.  Rowan claims he's a model.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01-qaIWb6H8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

132.  Rowan could literally be a soundboard - Being a Rowan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mFDCiORsCQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

133.  Scented Candles - Bored Ep 115 (when customers make strange requests)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXfiEOQ_97U&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

134.  Sick - Bored Ep 63  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwlkUUaNwz0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

135.  Singing to know the alphabet - ABC Filing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPhVCipx8E4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

136.  Skycraft - Bored Ep 106  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WBBThBfK3o&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

137.  Slaps - Bored Ep 123  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AvCYQtfsf0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

138.  Smelly food at work - Eggy Garlic Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZFFQwT0LZQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

139.  Sneaky clauses in work contracts - Keys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mr2xZHcoWRw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

140.  Staff Only - Bored Ep 65  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8g9om4_Dyg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

141.  Store Credit - Bored Ep 17  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgeZdB-hHKE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

142.  Stupid unnecessary meetings at work - Conference Call.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P99NYSEUEog&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

143.  Surname - Bored Ep 117 (When customers don't listen)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnZjPNBi1wM&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

144.  Teaching employees acceptance through spiritualism - Acceptance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5E8CF729wwg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

145.  Teaching your disrespectful employees a lesson - The Lesson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdLMFs_h6fg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

146.  Team building with your boss - Simon Says.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efZZcWSjlj8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

147.  That co-worker who is the bosses favorite - Golden Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pj2-7TKFgTw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

148.  That friend who gets all the women - You're a Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q58tiztLlQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

149.  The Advert - Bored Ep 75 ( Computer Power Plus )  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMi3F_v5DZ0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

150.  The Bird - Bored Ep 59  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zP3LquAqzx8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

151.  The Bored Room - Bored Ep 36  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUOEdQZpMJ4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

152.  The boss is here to give out some compliments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOMG3Rc8pPg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

153.  The Confession - Bored Ep 108 (When THAT customer comes in)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_s3MXih3Dg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

154.  The Cookie - Bored Ep 38  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8vjkInuQsI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

155.  The Cookie Monster - Bored Ep 39  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94hpw3olsgI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

156.  The Crush - Bored Ep81 (Trusting people can be difficult)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WH-vfN4dZGk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

157.  The Expert - Bored Ep 68 (Salesman who pretends to know everything)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwRdCdJtHc0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

158.  The Fart - Bored Ep114 (when you're caught in the act)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxCj7FInEns&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

159.  The fear of public speaking - Presentation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5S0chPNtwZ8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

160.  The feeling you get coming back from holiday - Fresh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niRu1KQsUi4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

161.  The Ghost - Part 1 - Bored Ep 19  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNSzDUXPGgo&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

162.  The Ghost - Part 2 - Bored Ep 20  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuV7xgaC2uQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

163.  The Ghost Part 3 - Bored Ep 21  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1N2pHC2PCUk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

164.  The Girl - Bored Ep 44  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLB_v1UMubc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

165.  The Gold Shirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77nJkl_0CXo&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

166.  The Handshake - Bored Ep 24  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPBkTScxfcU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

167.  The Invite - Bored Ep 33  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQ1ix9Xz4D8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

168.  The Kiss - Bored Ep 102 (When your boss is a creep)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXTKloFOrms&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

169.  The Last Jedi - Bored Ep 129  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuYwDjQKMG0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

170.  The Magic - Bored Ep 49  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZPm57YlCQ0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

171.  The Magic Trick - Bored Ep 25  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyM8SZfK9pg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

172.  The Mars or Snickers game - Allergy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Af6XYvsWcY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

173.  The New Employee - Bored Ep 29  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GS1ruqrcw8E&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

174.  The New Menace (Part One) - Bored Ep 12  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpzJcLYl9AY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

175.  The New Menace (Part Three) - Bored Ep 14  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArTPXRpzQrI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

176.  The New Menace (Part Two) - Bored Ep 13  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flCKTLm5qic&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

177.  The New New Employee - Bored Ep 31  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLOVQ30Bqns&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

178.  The problem with workplace jargon - Acronyms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igPIk79wAPg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

179.  The Red Shirt - Bored Ep8  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-dp22vqmM0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

180.  The Red Shirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4kuoMxizt4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

181.  The Robber - Bored Ep 18  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0QgBX4WFKQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

182.  The rules when you get left hanging - High Five.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjT1DlvxgMA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

183.  The Secret - Bored Ep 61  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hascJniicgs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

184.  The Superman Effect - Bored Ep 48  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8ou7oq6Td8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

185.  The truth about Mondays - Swear Words (NSFW language).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joaRbQ6OutU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

186.  The Vlogger - Bored Ep 97  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64x-PxB71qY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

187.  The Voucher - Bored Ep 79 (When customers think they are right)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PrRUmpaq1Y&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

188.  The Wager - Bored (Sleeping on the job Why not place a bet)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcB17xsNTK8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

189.  The White Shirt - Bored Ep 50  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EOI2MeLZP8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

190.  The White Shirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Bc5I3wlKu4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

191.  The worst corporate training video ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPntROPnXjE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

192.  Thief - Bored Ep 92  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUexC9-Bqfw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

193.  This is definitely not a Razer advert - Sellout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgZv4JEaTlc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

194.  Those friends who take advantage of you - Mates Rates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWg_szaFw-I&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

195.  Three Quick Things - Bored Ep 41  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IasNPO_5FI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

196.  Treat - Bored Ep112 (when a manager rewards you)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNFgjEq1chk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

197.  True Colors - Bored Ep 53  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncSr2pW7QrI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

198.  Using fake money to buy things - Monopoly Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcOw4lDnA9s&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

199.  Waiting to be served in retail - One sec.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LltvDkBD6M8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

200.  When bumping your head changes your personality - Head Bump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf5OaGZWoUU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

201.  When customers give terrible descriptions - Flatclicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoJT68FEXl0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

202.  When customers insist on fighting - Argument.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOrad5oK88U&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

203.  When sales go wrong - Great Deal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFuDhsxazqs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

204.  When someone offers you a milky tea - Bad Tea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FJQ0TdsMxI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

205.  When someone steals your carpark - The carpark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOA64WHCNVQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

206.  When the job is just too large for 1 person - Big Delivery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQvzvVeK13Y&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

207.  When the product is out of stock - Last Item.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpp7C_eTnPk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

208.  When the words don't come out right - The Debate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6le9flCeDCw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

209.  When work buys lunch - Free Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55tuYRAo8cQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

210.  When workplace mediation goes wrong - Mediation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZdt-9x1EqI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

211.  When you co-worker makes a mistake - Shame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdyD-Ig25GY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

212.  When you injure yourself at work - Accident Report.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fK-Fw4CAfL0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

213.  When you never get your product - Delayed Order.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aub7zz2NzSQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

214.  When you take the game too far - Hide and Seek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQgxNxTKiLw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

215.  When you turn into a cartoon - Animated.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMFuloC5TTQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

216.  When you've not eaten in a while - Hangry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LH9Xr2Ptfc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

217.  When your boss has clear favorites - Xmas Bonus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfPnmfIH6ho&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

218.  When your boss is straight up lying - Lies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vvl3jNqsNkY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

219.  Who even uses fax machines anymore - Fax.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rV-0VKSiXsU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

220.  Worst disguise ever - Undercover boss.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRK9WHZ43fw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

221.  Would You Rather - Bored Ep 64  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzqXGuCF5vk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

222.  Xmas Special - Bored Ep 30  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SVLYp2HWrA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

223.  You lick it you keep it - Lick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_zVeukb9d8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm
Bored (Playtech)  Viva La Dirt League