
4340.  01 - What is a Variable (Part 1)  Learn How to Use Variables in Algebra..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxwsKNhxYhU

4342.  03 - Evaluating Numerical Expressions, Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlKtsce3b1c

4345.  05 - Evaluating Algebraic Expressions, Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgPmNicHUU4

4349.  07 - Order of Operations with Parenthesis, Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TF6b9I0awck

4354.  10 - Fraction Bar and Order of Operations, Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2jDaZVCLGU

4360.  12 - Equations and Domain of Variables, Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeZZeGG2XVk

4367.  17 - Review of Adding and Subtracting Fractions, Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmQCq2r6kMc

4375.  19 - Review of Multiplying Fractions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rILAPisJ1BI

4384.  21 - Commutative Property and Closure Property for Addition and Multiplication.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQVk57vXKhw

4394.  22 - Associative Property of Equality and Transitive, Reflexive, Symmetric Properties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiSb4POEp8g

4405.  Algebra 1   Unit 1   Lesson 11   Fraction Bar And Order Of Operations, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxOvD7chbaM

4417.  Algebra 1   Unit 1   Lesson 13   Equations And Domain Of Variables, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laoNXH0iwVU

4430.  Algebra 1   Unit 1   Lesson 14   Equations And Domain Of Variables, Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soh76QT4ipw

4444.  Algebra 1   Unit 1   Lesson 15   Review Of Basic Fractions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNYCAi21FvY

4459.  Algebra 1   Unit 1   Lesson 16   Review Of Simplifying Fractions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MA0GJxH3pGQ

4475.  Algebra 1   Unit 1   Lesson 18   Review Of Adding And Subtracting Fractions, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTQNllFIa7Q

4492.  Algebra 1   Unit 1   Lesson 2   What Is A Variable, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pNCvmn4KjA

4510.  Algebra 1   Unit 1   Lesson 20   Review Of Dividing Fractions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DdfTQWxbio

4529.  Algebra 1   Unit 1   Lesson 4   Evaluating Numerical Expressions, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNC4dpgdem0

4549.  Algebra 1   Unit 1   Lesson 6   Evaluating Algebraic Expressions, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYQPKfInvhc

4570.  Algebra 1   Unit 1   Lesson 8   Parenthesis And Order Of Operations, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZd__gTkOIk

4592.  Algebra 1   Unit 1   Lesson 9   Parenthesis And Order Of Operations, Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOSPl5zkF4k
Algebra 1 Course, Unit 1