
26 Miles by The Four Preps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I7zMKptjRs&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

BEEP BEEP ~ THE LITTLE NASH RAMBLER ~ The PLAYMATES ~ ANIMATION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enqNl7tdLR4&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Betty Lou Got A New Pair of Shoes by Bobby Freeman 1958
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLYxQNmdoo4&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Big Bopper - Chantilly Lace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b-by5e4saI&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Bill Haley & His Comets - Hot Dog Buddy Buddy - from Don't Knock The Rock - HQ 1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOP_1aOiZzA&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Bill Haley & His Comets- Rock Around The Clock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zju6KbP_1xY&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Billy Williams Write Myself a Letter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7D0F-JsImHo&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Bobby Boris Pickett's - The Monster Mash (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46GXQ2fTFzo&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Bobby Darin - Queen of the hop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkVmqhGYij0&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Buddy Holly - Peggy Sue Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfu_gfPBPWc&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Buddy Knox!!!! Hula Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3jNN0KZR3k&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Chordettes - Lollipop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rYoRaxgOE0&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Chubby Checker - Let's Twist Again (lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eh8eb_ACLl8&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Chubby Checker-The Twist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHGXwQeUk7M&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

CONNIE FRANCIS ON TV LIPSTICK ON YOUR COLLAR (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8x5cUFoDnU&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Danny & The Juniors   At The Hop 1958
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpuJcPx1O7g&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Dion - Runaround Sue (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ID-jsd0HGZs&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Duane Eddy Rebel Rouser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8uZutr1avs&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Eddie Cochran  - Twenty Flight Rock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8Vfin7mqdw&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Eddie Cochran - Summertime Blues (1959) - BETTER QUALITY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIdFWGy3Fjc&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Elvis Presley - Hound dog (60 year)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQHslDaexXw&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock (Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj0Rz-uP4Mk&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Elvis Presley - Return To Sender [Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PU5xxh5UX4U&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Elvis Presley - Teddy Bear - 1957
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89MihWd6zKk&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Fifties' Female Vocalists 16 The Bobettes - Mr. Lee (1957)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yxh-3Qmujs0&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Finger Poppin' Time   Hank Ballard and The Midnighters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNi2gY7nzTU&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Frankie Ford Sea Cruise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5tIHtbctFQ&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Freddie Palisades Park Cannon HQ Sound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBgaf5gXJcc&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Glad All Over Dave Clark Five COLOR Widescreen HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHtNFaa2ne0&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Gotta Travel On Billy Grammer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9skKTcw6h8&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Hand Jive - The Johnny Otis Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOrQTh_Cq7U&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Harry Belafonte - Matilda (1966) Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpxoUs_3tfw&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

HEY PAULA Paul and Paula 1963 - HQ STEREO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vOo-3XWxpo&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Hollywood Argyles Alley Oop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcNSGFeUIV0&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

In the Still of the Night - Fred Parris and The Satins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBT3oDMCWpI&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

jerry lee high school confidential
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBSJ9j0V5jQ&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Jerry Lee Lewis - Great Balls of Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IjgZGhHrYY&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Jerry Lee Lewis - Lucille
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMVzBIlnPiY&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Jewel Akens - The Birds & The Bees
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umyl-wWRkJ4&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Jimmy Soul - Get an ugly girl to marry you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1ZJiBHh-Yw&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Johnny Rivers Memphis Tennessee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAc0FKyBgks&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Kansas City by Wilbert Harrison
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfTRUP_4p7c&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Kookie, Kookie Lend Me Your Comb Edd Byrnes Connie Stevens 1959
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiYj9Ods4OQ&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Little Anthony Tears on My Pillow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxjQ3M_v7xc&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Little Eva - Loco-motion(1962)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKpVQm41f8Y&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Little Richard - Long Tall Sally - from Don't Knock The Rock - HQ 1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqxNSvFMkag&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Little Richard with Long tall sally.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsMWn0_ABNI&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Lonely Boy (2017 Stereo Remix) - Paul Anka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7uIwL16rO4&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Lonnie Donegan - The Battle Of New Orleans (The Saturday Crowd 25.1.1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHO6uKKnIm8&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Lonnie Donegan - Wreck Of The Old '97 (The Saturday Crowd 1.2.1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aKeiJRXku4&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Marty Robbins - A White Sport Coat And A Pink Carnation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zD8MnvyAi6I&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Mr. Custer by Larry Verne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXuPJNXjlRM&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Old Time Rock 'n' Roll - Legends In Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upaAsYM0948&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Ozark Mountain Daredevils-If You Wanna Get to Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYvOsnhV6ZY&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Pat Boone - Bernardine (from the movie, Bernardine - 1957)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFZ3Ed0vHEo&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Pat Boone-Tutti frutti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFxTvffJqOg&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Perry Como - Papa Loves Mambo -  HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzVHmc6zkNQ&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Pink Shoelaces - Dodie Stevens Live 1959
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGgaZZl_GVg&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Ricky Nelson- Poor Little Fool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R12H8QWnwvE&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Rock 'n' Roll Legends  Volume 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlmfb_k6I0A&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Rock 'n' Roll Legends  Volume 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yY-kMkVmtc&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Rockin' Robin (Original)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcmvwFcfWmY&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Sam the Sham the Pharaos  -  Wooly Bully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE_MpQhgtQ8&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Santo & Johnny Sleep Walk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rwfqsjimRM&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

The Applejacks - Bunny Hop  (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XS2vEk7JqI&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

The Champs Tequila
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uyl7GP_VMJY&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

The Chordettes Lollipop & Mr. Sandman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fty3Nzc-oiY&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

The Diamonds Little Darlin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysVLzXWnTzA&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

The Drifters   -   Stand By Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaqjpfZJjpk&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

the kingston trio-tom dooley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eb6I0YkSjb8&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

The Platters   The Great Pretender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2t21IMMSbU&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

The Teddy Bears - To Know Him Is To Love Him  - 1958
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrwf-sIcr0M&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

The Ventures Walk Don't Run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owq7hgzna3E&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Wanda Jackson - Hard Headed Woman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzJ3hiqsi0U&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8

Wilbert Harrison Kansas City (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UonBS_mvW-E&list=PLA9wfsRG2XELgrrN-QyUVGuBRqgWV64l8
LIVE PERFORMANCES FROM 50S