
383121.  21 Outfits in 21 Minutes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aI690PHZXyo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383123.  5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Concrete Edition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5MJp7_LTkE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383126.  Addressing Your Assumptions About Me (DRUNK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-ISAWzZ5Bc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383130.  Addressing Your Assumptions About Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRwEf1-ti3o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383135.  Adventures in Vegan Cooking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ahNqOrn6Z0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383141.  Being Honest With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqBZ2rgVeos&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383148.  Best Friends Play Truth or Dare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kouUbpu1dO0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383156.  Black-Owned Restaurant Mukbang (rants, storytimes, etc.).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gI35XVPWoLE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383165.  Brutally Honest Review of Grammys 2021 Red Carpet (big yikes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWvbBFGu_CA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383175.  Brutally Honest Review of Met Gala 2019 (no one is safe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXng0hdpztc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383186.  Cleaning Out My Closet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lisxvNEd5nQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383198.  Dollar Store Drag Queen Transformation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCx1UON4Z04&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383211.  Drunk Prank Calls (MESSY).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsOzGdb1DK0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383225.  Drunk Thanksgiving Leftovers Mukbang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rl6ZfYJ2bI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383240.  Dyeing My Hair Leopard Print.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1COWMxgjY8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383256.  Dyeing My Hair the Louis Vuitton Pattern.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO7u0Te9uxQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383273.  Explaining My Tattoos (STORYTIME).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boxZujg2yhk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383291.  Fast Food French Fry Taste Test (PART 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkGvfuzrRX8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383310.  Fast Food I've Never Ordered Taste Test.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QjTQ4QEIf4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383330.  Filling the Mold of My Face (Insane Face Casting).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCkkj8JXnhk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383351.  Following Jenna Marbles Follow a Bob Ross Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRkhV_AyA-Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383373.  Footage You've Never Seen Before 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-E-GJmcWQw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383396.  Footage You've Never Seen Before.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfpO5XU9AXQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383420.  FREESTYLE SINGING OVER ROYALTY FREE MUSIC (caution you will get WET)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2O_SjeRsonk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383445.  Going Through Every Old Report Card with My Mom (BRUTAL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FsxUJ9Fok0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383471.  GROWN ADULTS FAIL AT ELEMENTARY MATH TESTS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dQQxuUAN4c&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383498.  HOW I LOST SO MUCH WEIGHT SO FAST...THE TRUTH (40 POUNDS!!)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSbHe4C5AeY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383526.  I almost didn't make it out alive and I'm so grateful I did (please watch)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXPJyDX9L-Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383555.  I Ate Edibles and Watched Camp Rock 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQggatN719g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383585.  I Ate Edibles and Watched CATS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PFBF7ZMhFk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383616.  I Ate Edibles and Watched Twilight (1767104).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV-6xNTM54Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383648.  I Ate Edibles and Watched Twilight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV-6xNTM54Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383681.  I Bought Everything from Seth Rogen's Weed Line.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lm3FaE34NlQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383715.  I ENDED UP AT MY UBER DRIVER'S HOUSE THE NEXT MORNING (DRUNK STORYTIME)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTpu5AJuDeU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383750.  I Found Bumps on My Genitals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJOKArK8x_w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383786.  I Got High and Read Florida News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHbyPWaiiIs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383823.  I GOT HIGH AND TRIED ASMR...  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dgr56VSLBnY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383861.  I Have a New Roommate....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cC5zXB7x5A&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383900.  I Interviewed a 2020 Presidential Candidate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bP7EdBiCeaQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383940.  I Let My Followers Pick My Hair Color.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmGhdOu0SOU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

383981.  I Let My Postmate Pick Our Food Mukbang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLTZ0IWeVog&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384023.  I Made a Mold of My Face (RIP Eyebrows).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ega51e2cHsY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384066.  I Paid for Trisha Paytas' Patreon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmAsahMHuf8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384110.  I Was Verbally Assaulted While Voting (STORYTIME).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYBtLgVh8Jk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384155.  I Wasn't Going to Post but I Need To.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ucfVKa5aZY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384201.  I Went on Omegle and This is What Happened.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ls1f6eWdSew&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384248.  I'm Just Done.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRNnsfj5ZFA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384296.  Interviewing Strangers on Xbox Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VH0SiNp_XI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384345.  Making a Pair of $850 Platform Crocs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyHpJBTdRjw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384395.  Me Drunk vs. Me High.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcqWZPmYXgM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384446.  Mental Health Update (back on meds).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBL074uMcSM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384498.  Messy Q&A Mukbang (past breakups, tea, etc).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Na5QVSZRSjc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384551.  Middle Kid Update (what's really been going on).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvGet32hwIc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384605.  More of My Worst Celebrity Encounters (STORY TIME).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xalNwzKxaVU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384660.  Most Likely To Roommates Edition (with Christine Sydelko & Andrew Lowe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge7vI_1eqo8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384716.  MOST LIKELY TO WITH MY ROOMMATES!! (NO BOUNDARIES)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyuS1MspFkk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384773.  My 10,000 Calorie Birthday Mukbang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEV8O8STFbg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384831.  My First Coachella Storytime (celebrity threats, drugs, and more).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HojxLjSDA9I&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384890.  My First Time Doing Shrooms (STORY TIME).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2YYIuAFAIA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

384950.  My High Thoughts  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uo4K88OQQzI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385011.  MY SKINCARE ROUTINE FOR PERFECT SKIN + GIVEAWAY  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Spz4UyOMC50&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385073.  My Worst Celebrity Encounters (STORY TIME).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80KECMHQAio&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385136.  Prank Call Roulette with Andrew Lowe (1095102).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh2GKMRagT8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385200.  Prank Call Roulette with Andrew Lowe (1327113).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh2GKMRagT8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385265.  Prank Call Roulette with Andrew Lowe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh2GKMRagT8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385331.  Prank Calling Basic LA Hotspots as Instabaddies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieEcHHeEpTU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385398.  Prank Calling in Sick From Jobs I Don't Have (with Andrew Lowe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfNz3f6Ticc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385466.  Prank Calling Random Numbers We Dialed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsU8fQ9VAas&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385535.  Prank Calling Weird Craigslist Ads.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4scvM2Smdc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385605.  Ranking Celebrities I've Met.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABDi8SIKagM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385676.  Ranking Company's Pride 2021 Clothing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Re-CAV-Ts34&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385748.  Ranking My Lookalikes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCkvvC7bPJU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385821.  Ranking My Old Outfits (Tier List).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geJSo__pPFw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385895.  Reacting to Trisha Paytas' Video About Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uizO8PEJIk4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

385970.  Really Awkward Prank Calls (with Andrew Lowe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyLhGBjXEN4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

386046.  REALLY DUMB $2,500+ LUXURY CLOTHING & WEED HAUL  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pylCwRiWTQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

386123.  Revealing Your Secrets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfOpg72ZfyA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

386201.  Roasting Celebrity Quarantine Outfits (BRUTALLY HONEST).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ow8SJwocs8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

386280.  Roasting Outfits from the 2020 AMA's Red Carpet (YIKES).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKS6qmdGVz4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

386360.  Roasting YouTuber Getty Photos with HauteLeMode (BRUTALLY HONEST).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVvKiFVrlZ4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

386441.  Roommates Play Truth or Drink (very messy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jriwfShPLtM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

386523.  Smoke and Storytime The Photoshoot from Hell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TV0sf1sEdtE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

386606.  Stories from Living in NYC (STORYTIME).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spq7hS3VAGY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

386690.  The Anti-Maskers of Florida.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTDmICXO_EE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

386775.  The Truth About Being a YouTuber.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i6_sK49oDo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

386861.  The Ultimate Mukbang with Trisha Paytas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfyKM996ylQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

386948.  Things I Bought Because of TikTok.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKUb4Lj7a0E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

387036.  Things I Forgot I Bought.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8koU-c4CY4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

387125.  Things I Think About in the Bathtub.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yJKsS9d44o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

387215.  Things I've Never Bought from Trader Joes Mukbang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHsPJR4v2Qg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

387306.  Turning My Head Into the Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEUWcuJx92g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

387398.  Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0icNSjb1g80&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

387491.  Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHmpAcc91k4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

387585.  Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yWb_NKuthM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

387680.  Watching TikTok for the First Time....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTbdgk0RXdY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

387776.  What My Hometown is Really Like (STORYTIMES).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhR0kretrkQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM
TALKIN SHT  Chris Klemens