
1.  10 COOL CORN SNAKE FACTS! ??  Learn All About Reptiles!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oj9Wy_cQi7Y

2.  10 Facts about Hamsters!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mYzZDufBuE

3.  10 Facts About Hedgehogs!  Pet Hedgehog Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKP4Mni4MHE

4.  10 FACTS About SOUTHERN TOADS!  Southern Toad Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGnWK1MC2y8

5.  10 Facts About ZEBRA DANIOS!  Fish Facts! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whJHqdvsUew

6.  10 Reasons Why BEARDIES Make GREAT PETS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gE83X4aDU5c

7.  2 DIY KABOB IDEAS!  Easy Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8R8lQTz90w

8.  2 PIECE JUNGLE GYM!  Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3JNcI1_ta4

9.  2016 YEARLY WRAP-UP! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3uwzn1hwKM

10.  3 DIY  SUPER EASY SMALL ANIMAL TOYS!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7HBznU__T8

11.  3 TIPS BEFORE BRINGING A HAMSTER HOME! ??  Hamster Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUJGx40p1bo

12.  5 FACTS YOU DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT GOLDFISH!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0bzOrw6yRY

13.  5 MOUSE MYTHS YOU BELIEVED!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8Va47VOnTE

14.  5 PUZZLE PLAYGROUND IDEAS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6j2iXqubFA

15.  6 Amazing BENEFITS of MARIMO MOSS BALLS!  AquariumFish How-to ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLrVIlE4vBk

16.  6 BEST TANK MATES For LARGE GOLDFISH!  Freshwater Fish Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AeegbSQu_k

17.  6 PRODUCTS TO NEVER GIVE YOUR HAMSTER! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0wmt8C56Ng

18.  8 Items EVERY REPTILE OWNER Needs!  Pet Reptiles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZidX61qoBCs

19.  A TRIP TO PETCO!  Getting Some MORE Snails?? & Fish??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-1krY5opds

20.  ADOPTING VS. SHOPPING For PETS!  Pet Store, Rescue, Breeder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGeGJW6iXiE

21.  All About FEMORAL PORES!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5wOaIvgj3I

22.  ALL MY PET SUPPLIES!  Pet Supply Collection 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZF9Gcnk0kc

23.  ALL MY PET SUPPLIES!  September 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZWGcPND3a0

24.  ALL MY PETS! (all 20+)  meet em all ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pz4_nHEQxvw

25.  ALL OF MY PETS!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_QZNyPQNlg

26.  ATHENA'S FIRST PINKY!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiTBvhsbNiU

27.  AWESOME & FUN Mouse Cage Tour!  Pet Mice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vc9zBwTrMck

28.  Bare Minimum Sized Hamster Cages...  Hamster Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFY0Ucxdk18

29.  BEARDED DRAGON CARE! How to Take Care of Bearded Dragons!  Pet Reptiles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsui-943xDM

30.  Bearded Dragon Fall Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z16pxhwD-BE

31.  BEARDED DRAGONS BREEDING!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eXwNefCvow

32.  BEARDED DRAGONS HATCHING  Part I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyNZj96HSzc

33.  BUILDING GUS' NEW DIY CAGE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKQ8uoG1-JI

34.  Bulbs 4 Beardies (Any Reptile) + Cheaper Buying.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2--J53zSBtM

35.  CANDLING Bearded Dragon Eggs!??  UNBOXING From Petco! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WOFJl6YA-k

36.  CHANNEL TRAILER 2017!  CGpets 101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSwxRmMdsdo

37.  CHANNEL TRAILER 2018!  Curtis Lasane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uv6_qAvWlXU

38.  CHICK(EN) HAUL! + Farm Trip & Pickups!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVo6PD1kKG4

39.  CHICKEN MASSACRE!  My Chickens Were Attacked!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pY5B-rKVqFY

40.  CHICKENS IN THE COOP!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oXE_RiO9WQ

41.  CHICKS TRY BOILED EGG FOR THE FIRST TIME!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqoKUK9D_H8

42.  CHOCOLATEY VALENTINE MOUSE CAGE THEME!??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHh1mAXJkp4

43.  CHRISTMAS THEMED HAMSTER Cage!  Hamster Cage Tour!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3J9UPvz--Hc

44.  CHRISTMAS THEMED Mouse Cage Tour!  Pet Rodent Cage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBsX9JEThb4

45.  CHRISTMAS, SELLING BEARDED DRAGONS, Hamster 2nd Birthday + TINY Package!  VLOG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCRu0Bypbhc

46.  CLEANING MOUSE CAGE TIMELAPSE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4hThrB9Pj4

47.  Cleaning My Chicken Coop!  Chicken Manicures + Gotcha DAY!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbdtCOUih7Y

48.  Cleaning My FISH TANK & Feeding BEARDED DRAGONS!  Pet VlogCare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKv6wfg3Y_w

49.  CLEANING MY HAMSTER CAGE! ? Timelapse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xc37U0r6ado

50.  CLEANING MY HAMSTER CAGE! ??  Syrian Hamster Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kybgt5L0NkM

51.  Cleaning My HEDGEHOG CAGE! + Cage Tour  Hedgehog Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2RrAHybwUs

52.  CLEANING MY MOUSE CAGE! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgvojtTiDSA

53.  CLEANING MY MOUSE CAGE! ??  Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDJ3cUzwqcY

54.  Cleaning My PACMAN FROG TANK!  Amphibian Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xPExUzhikY

55.  CLEANING THE HAMSTER CAGE!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_URbMnEtuug

56.  COMMON HAMSTER BEHAVIORS!  Hamster Care ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPFtEYGH2Rk

57.  COMPARING Basic FEEDER Insects!  Pet Reptile Diet  Bug Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtkIgrPmuHU

58.  CORN SNAKE Enclosure + Tour!  Corn Snake Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YC4FT9Cccq4

59.  CORN SNAKE Feeding!  Adult Corn Snake Care & Feeding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y2haCJemaw

60.  CORN SNAKE Tank Setup  SETTING UP Reptile ENCLOSURE! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JniARYcQLqo

61.  Corn Snake TANK SETUP!  Setting up a Corn Snake Enclosure  DIY Terrarium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WSr_R46h0s

62.  Creative Ways to Remember a Passed Pet!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gibaLGRZo7g

63.  Crittertrails for Hamsters !!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5mIb117jsk

64.  Crown & Paw UNBOXING!  DogPet Portrait Reaction (amazing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsmZB0Qd4Yg

65.  CUSTOM+DIY LIZARD CAGE!  50 GALLONS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6RZ6pfHbvw

66.  CUTE PETS EAT PUMPKIN!  Update Vlog + More!  IKEA Detolf Cages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXbgQpTDc3I

67.  CUTE! Baby Beardy Hatchlings Eating Crickets! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4isdCortE4

68.  DAILY PET ROUTINE 2018!  CleaningFeeding + MORE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Yc1QQiFJOw

69.  Daisy and Poppy's AUTUMN THEMED MOUSE CAGE! ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZEZoyDSEEU

70.  DISSECTING REAL DRAGON EGGS! ??  Bearded Dragons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghmcfiswPSc

71.  DIY  Sweet Potato Hamster Treats! (EXTREMELY EASY & FAST!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orl1BDxduw4

72.  DIY Autumn CAGE Decor! ?? PumpkinTree  Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3Wg1zUK1r4

73.  DIY Bendy Bridge  Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HgwRXqArSk

74.  DIY BIN CAGE!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nL_Aw9HBAx4

75.  DIY Bird StandPerch!  Great for Bonding!  Exotic Bird DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x52iKiNHgcQ

76.  DIY Bucket Wheel!  Small Pet Wheel  HamsterHedgehog + MORE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEHLy4KsqbU

77.  DIY Cage Platform (Super Easy!)  DIY December  Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiI3qOBLtTE

78.  DIY Christmas Countdown Calendar for PETS!  DIY December  Collab with Emma Lynne Sampson!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zddw_o9yWCg

79.  DIY CRICKET FOOD RECIPES!! (Easy!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Hg7zxHAx6c

80.  DIY Cute Rodent House! ?? Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw7kmReNTn0

81.  DIY Dog Kong  SUPER EASY! +EDIBLE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FW0rh4eIU5A

82.  DIY Dog ODOR eliminator spray!  (WORKS ON ALL SURFACES!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbsvk5he7pY

83.  DIY EASY BIRD TREATS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtSAruL0Rrc

84.  DIY EASY DOG TREATS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvqMCu87l2k

85.  DIY EASY SEESAW RODENT TOY  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7V2rjBzX2ys

86.  DIY Gingerbread House! ?? DIY December  Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SI3LIs4Q_OE

87.  DIY Hamster Cookie {FAIL!}  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1E111hkEcYU

88.  DIY Hamster Playpen + Gardening For Dummies??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAaEDZ03EDg

89.  DIY HAMSTER UNCRUSTABLE!  Easy & Tasty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKt1T1Q3ZqQ

90.  DIY Hanging Fleece Cube! (Easy!)  DIY December  Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Deg1AEOkLvY

91.  DIY Hanging Rope Ladder!  DIY December  DIY Rodent Toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJdMYmSUm_w

92.  DIY HEDGEHOG C&C CAGE!  African Pygmy Hedgehog Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7fdFFFTPnQ

93.  DIY Holiday Dog Treats! (VERY EASY!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7GeSzzopzs

94.  DIY LIZARD BANDANA! (For Cool Reptiles)??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxJ3kHxV1ks

95.  DIY LIZARD SANTA HAT! ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92udl18RZGs

96.  DIY LIZARD WINGS! (EASY!)   Beardies, Geckos, + More Pets!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3MSKn63p6s

97.  DIY Nesting kit (SUPER EASY!!)  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukv2JvK7Ilg

98.  DIY PET BOWL! (Custom).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvHeIkr19Dg

99.  DIY Pet Carrier!  For Rodents, Reptiles, and other Small Animals!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDvjhxz0k0M

100.  DIY Pet Dye & Glue  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bTzcVX8XDc

101.  DIY RAINBOW BRIDGE FOR RODENTS!??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ9-3HxDmtY

102.  DIY RECYCLABLE DOG TOY!! (EASY!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VJX4oPqXsE

103.  DIY REPTILE FEEDING TONGS  SUPER EASY!!!??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IqJCf8DL_A

104.  DIY REPTILE TANK DECOR!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVzjsTjwGq4

105.  DIY Rodent Granola Treat!  For Hamsters, Mice, & Gerbils!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_RRAS2UEvk

106.  DIY RODENT HEATING PAD!  Super Easy!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0I5VQRbsF64

107.  DIY Rodent Pencil ChewHide  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uffpyEovAN4

108.  DIY Rodent Santa Hut  Easy !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b16eFCcDlrQ

109.  DIY RODENT SEESAW!  Easy & Recycable!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evCIPJuB-ZE

110.  DIY SEEDYTREAT STICK!  Birds  Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNp_zyBovLY

111.  DIY Small Pet Electrolytes  Small Pet Vet CareMedicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hl3HYCjS-IY

112.  DIY SUPER EASY DOG TOY!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtRev6LbmVM

113.  DIY Swinging Hammock!??  Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzNZ6Hi7-1c

114.  DIY TURTLE FORAGE BALL!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdvg7tDY-4c

115.  DIY WATER BOTTLE HOLDER!  Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRWcPgt9l8s

116.  DIY WATERER (EASY!)  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXEzKTtuHQ0

117.  DOG USES SNAPCHAT FILTERS!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAMxrpX_CjY

118.  DRAW MY PET  Gus +Timelapse! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrRsAiQn0GA

119.  DUAL Bearded Dragon Cage Tour!  IKEA Detolf  Pet Reptile Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYjjqpE2zzo

120.  EMERGENCY VET VISIT!  Mammary Tumors In Pet Mice!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHGiAn3KTnQ

121.  End of the Year Q&A!  Pet Loss, SchoolLeaving YouTube, DIY's + More!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsJXqiEBfBg

122.  EPIC Mouse Cage Tour!  New Bin Cage (and all my mice!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6C-vCOajwkM

123.  EPIC SNAKE CAGE UPGRADE + Tour! ??  Pet Corn Snake Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GblM2JZgZsA

124.  EXCITING CHANNEL CHANGES! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioyvS8LsEWc

125.  Exciting Update! + Saige Tank Overview!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cc9VeUHG-DE

126.  FACE REVEAL!! ??  +Answering You're Questions!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0GmJcSB_oA

127.  FEEDING ALL MY ANIMALS! (all 20+)  Mammals & Reptiles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KA-ZAN3d-Pg

128.  Feeding ALL MY PETS In ONE Video!  Mammals, Reptiles, EXOTICS + MORE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hTtfiMRod4

129.  FEEDING ALL MY PETS! (epic)  Rodents, Reptiles, Amphibians + MORE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5lIkY0isGo

130.  Feeding My 7 Pet Mice SCRAMBLED EGGS!  Mouse Nutrition & Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ar4BFWSpZM

131.  FEEDING MY MICE POPCORN! ??  Mouse CareDiet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuqlii_CpKg

132.  First Q&A!  Get to know me!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ac2FADbaQo

133.  FIRST SNAKE FEEDING!  Corn Snake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-gK7qmNi6o

134.  Five BEST PET Mouse Products! ??  Pet Mouse Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLciGY17fL0

135.  FOLLOW ME AROUND PETCO!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNJ1AY6yu_E

136.  FURRY FRIEND TAG! w GUS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4QfD00pdfo

137.  GERMAN STYLE HAMSTER CAGE TOUR!  Hamster Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WD99euI5BdQ

138.  GERMAN Style Mouse CAGE TOUR! ??  Pet Mice & Cages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ASw32tfKUI

139.  Goodnight Ace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KpgajOKNzY

140.  Goodnight Buddy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4DdCCR-ibY

141.  Goodnight Daisy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqFe5GhikDk

142.  Goodnight Gus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rh-QvSwXPY

143.  Goodnight Poppy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCfpoIBcYXM

144.  GUS' Adoption Story! (READ DESCRIPTION!!!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teduj_VjZng

145.  Gus' Cage Tour! +Merry X-mas! Dec2015  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VD4VeawWug0

146.  GUS' CHRISTMAS CAGE TOUR! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJ-lLQxhakE

147.  GUS' HALLOWEEN THEMED HAMSTER CAGE! ?? Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i_mF17xo_Y

148.  Gus' HAMSTER supplies!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IXkHDiQZgA

149.  GUS' New Cage TOUR!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9iQjghnQVQ

150.  HAMSTER ROUTINE 2019!  Hamster CareHow-To.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EZBoj6K7P8

151.  HAMSTER TRIES RICE POPS FOR THE FIRST TIME!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkdXylxMY-Q

152.  HAMSTERS 1ST SANDBATH.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVSfdBKLWWU

153.  HAMSTERS vs MICE (as pets!)  Which do I get ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xD6h4fA68g

154.  Happy 1st Gotcha Day Daisy + Poppy! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QkhIT1DYSU

155.  HAPPY 1ST GOTCHA DAY GUS! ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeOkwqViU5Q

156.  HAPPY 2ND GOTCHA DAY GUS!  Hamster Adoption.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0De3kwiaS0

157.  HAPPY HOLIDAYS!  2016??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PUqmzG9mAE

158.  HE ATE THEIR TAILS!  Why I Still Have The Juvenile Beardies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xannY_9Rh_8

159.  Hedgehog CAGE TOUR! ??  Hedgehog Care  Collab.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZIwPKXIWm8

160.  Hedgehog Exploring for 8 Minutes! ??  Pet Hedgehogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJgFdALLnlw

161.  HEDGEHOG HAUL!  Hedgehog Cage Supplies + Trying Treats! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s57TEyRx2Xc

162.  Hedgehog Owner Care Tips!  Pet Hedgehog Care Guide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pubSo36T2qQ

163.  HERPING IN FLORIDA!  Anoles, Geckos, & Turtles! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3k3zSBksq4

164.  HOW I MAKE MY THUMBNAILS!  Outlining, Overlays, Fonts & MORE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amv4_PBglug

165.  HOW TO BATHE A BEARDIE! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VmHEqMOBZY

166.  How to Care for HATCHLING Bearded Dragons!  The BASICS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgAWyuEbQuc

167.  HOW TO Convince your Parents for a PET!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWB6KPARTKY

168.  How To FORCE FEED A Bearded Dragon!  Pet Reptiles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96rfaETGLKY

169.  How To Get INSTANT CLEAR AQUARIUM WATER!  BEST Tips + Methods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FiIrsfWFGM

170.  HOW TO Groom Your Hamster  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uym5FD6lbfs

171.  HOW TO KEEP CRICKETS ALIVE  Cricket Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JtkgIewLmU

172.  HOW TO Keep Superworms ALIVE!!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1pwKoyQtR0

173.  How to Make a Bin Cage!  DIY Sliding Door 2.0  Pet Rodent Cages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMt1NtMqbYY

174.  How To Make A Bin Cage!  DIY Sliding Door Feature  DIY Pet Cages For Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eY1cW60CVo

175.  HOW TO MAKE CARROT CAKE FOR CHICKENS!  +Happy 1st Birthday Hens!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLYq4OglH8I

176.  HOW TO MAKE GREENS LAST LONGER!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGhTDjzUn88

177.  HOW TO SETUP A HAMSTER CAGE!  Hamster Basics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTYyWWHhMJo

178.  HOW TO SEX CHICKS FAST! (100`%)  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PO8GpmZHXxA

179.  HOW TO TAME A HAMSTER! +VOICE REVEAL!!!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDKjLRzdffw

180.  HOW TO Tell Identical Mice Apart!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-FTwEFhFJw

181.  HOW TO Tell If Your Beady Is Gravid!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRp5w68luGc

182.  HOW TO Trim Lizard Nails  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdsZTh5WCzA

183.  HOW TO Worm Chickens  NATURAL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Au3Xx_IYLZ0

184.  HUGE MOUSE CAGE TOUR!  Ikea Detolf  Pet Mouse Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2htFJjhFec

185.  HUGE MOUSE CAGE TOUR!  Setting up IKEA Detolf Mouse Cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOkbJYNFsGk

186.  HUGE Natural Hamster Cage TOUR!  DIY Hamster Cage (German).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZ0wEZ3Is0k

187.  HUMIDITY HACKS High humidity in incubators  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nstcvnf3A3k

188.  I ASSUMED HER GENDER!! ?? Literally....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PwkU4aUhlU

189.  I FINALLY ADOPTED! (My Story + Expirience)  PETCO Vlog + Haul!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0RbQIVNLMY

190.  I Got A New Hamster!  MEET ALFIE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgUzAnxJSYU

191.  I HATCHED PRAYING MANTISES!  Praying Mantis BreedingCare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4cIuTdk8_g

192.  I HAVE A HUGE ANNOUNCEMENT! ??  Curtis Lasane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKV1WsNf2u8

193.  I HAVE BEEN KEEPING A SECRET!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-wmKK85W8Y

194.  I ONLY HAVE ONE FISH LEFT! Bearded Dragon Eggs, Pet Grass + More!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JZq7bhbzQQ

195.  I Tried To SAVE AN ORPHAN OPPOSUM!  Wildlife Rehab & Management.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTjTkzjhrSI

196.  I'M BACK!  Pet Updates and More!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLxUSGkEdHo

197.  I'M BACK!  Why I've Been Gone (Update Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWZh1BYu2fA

198.  I'M HATCHING BABY CHICKS !!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHoYirVACl4

199.  If You Have A Reptile Watch This Video.  10 BEST REPTILE TIPS & TRICKS!  Reptile Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gR9ZkYow56Y

200.  IMPORTANT UPDATES!!!  READ DESCRIPTION!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aT6leWQksU

201.  INCUBATION DAY 3!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yktqaTH7INo

202.  Large IKEA Detolf Mouse Cage Tour + Cute Mice  Mouse Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hla_4TuX9Zs

203.  Madagascar Hissing Cockroach TANK SETUP!  How to & Bug Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4qvEbLJdns

204.  MASON'S 3RD BIRTHDAY! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RG7jGB3qGrM

205.  MASSIVE VACATION PREP (For My Pets)  All My Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ip6FNhcRLoE

206.  MEET EDEN! ??  My New Praying Mantis!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wX6w-QZLRsA

207.  MEET IRIS! ?? My New Fox Mouse!  Cute Baby Mouse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QunSWUYvEKk

208.  MEET JASPER  My New Syrian Hamster! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnUeN8lYwMI

209.  MEET LEONIDAS! (leo)?? Getting My First Pet Hedgehog!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9h8-Qtr1kk

210.  MEET My 5 PET MICE! + BECKO Product UnboxingReview!  Pet Mice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LkFHeGnMp0

211.  MEET MY NEW CHICKS!  Cute Baby Chicks!  Pet Chickens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wUDM67uKtg

212.  MEET MY NEW Fantail Goldfish! ??  Meet My Pets  Goldfish Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHjBF1njLC8

213.  MEET MY NEW PETS!  What New Pets Did I Get  Pet Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAc42Vgoobk

214.  Meet My NEW Southern Toads!  New Pet Reptiles!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee4Pm4dRq1c

215.  Meet My NEWEST PET MICE! ??  Mouse Care & Adoption.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSsgV3u_BNM

216.  MEET ODYSSEUS!  My First Danger NOODLE! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJ9KC87I_cA

217.  Meet PETUNIA! ??  My New Baby Mouse!  Mouse Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxUNP1PDfvU

218.  MEET PLUTO!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8wpXHAj0Kg

219.  MEET PRIMROSE!  My Newest Pet (baby brindle mouse).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAmZqSmVFkg

220.  MEET ROSEMARY & AZALEA!?? My New Pets!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW3eaAHLIcQ

221.  MEET VENUS!  My New PACMAN Frog!  Amphibians  Frogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRzj-55nedg

222.  MINI PETCO & WALMART HAUL!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x23kaL0xzpo

223.  Mini Target Pet HAUL!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6geo3CDVcQ8

224.  MONTHLY COST OF OWNING (20+) PETS!  It's Not Cheap....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sewsmg70fA4

225.  MORNING PET ROUTINE 2017 ! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEZ3X1gxbWg

226.  MOUSE CAGE TOUR!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4tfy-Gu6VQ

227.  Mouse Cage TOURWalkthrough!  Cute Mice Eating Peanut Butter ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhSputajowA

228.  MOUSE CARE! How to Take Care of Mice  Pet Rodents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFlDYfdgODY

229.  MOUSE CHRISTMAS CAGE TOUR! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFV7sbI9MVM

230.  My Bird Ana + Her STORY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GQaEHXX4e4

231.  MY HEN IS BROODY!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZQyRU1acH8

232.  MY LIZARD RAN AWAY!  Shipping Live Animals, Mouse Updates & Cage Cleaning + MORE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLB1BVw7Aq0

233.  MY Pet ALMOST DIED, My Roach Had BABIES, & Bearded Dragon LAYING EGGS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dFC6Zwqr5c

234.  My turtle DAILY EATS!  Cgpets 101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnIV_Zl7JhA

235.  Natural HAMSTER CAGE TOUR!  Moving Hamster Into New Cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrXPq3vGZqs

236.  NATURAL THEMED HAMSTER CAGE! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWU4wAt9nNY

237.  NEW Chicken Coop TOUR!  ADDING An Extension!  Poultry Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7zwsXfks2w

238.  NEW Mouse Cage Tour!  How To Make An Awesome Bin Cage!  DIY Rodent Cage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZicFL3p-9w

239.  NEW PET Shop Tour! Venus Fly Traps + MORE!  Vlog Part II.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_UTwRHz74o

240.  NEW YEAR Q&A! +My Pets  Future pets, Favorites, Vegan  January 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMsSeu6OOAs

241.  New York REPTILE EXPO! w Mystovids!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rsM8eTsU98

242.  NY METRO Reptile EXPO +Pickups! wMystovids!  MEETING EMZOTIC! + NEW PET!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8CcCUQy808

243.  NY REPTILE EXPO +PICKUPS!!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XhqL959NcXY

244.  NY REPTILE EXPO! 42317 Show + PICKUPS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0nBSOtyxfE

245.  OMFG! Did I Adopt a HAMSTER!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFGdIfId5t0

246.  Owning Bearded Dragons- Pros & Cons (The TRUTH!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peX6CyNwH34

247.  PET CHICKENS Free Ranging! ??  Raising Chickens, Eggs, and FAQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pxgdh8WjjXw

248.  PET HAUL!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8UHv4Zx9uU

249.  PET HAUL!  Jan.2016  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3asLXcF25ns

250.  Pet Haul, Snake FEEDING, New Products, and Meal Prep for Dragons  Pet Vlog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjiM0t3gGOg

251.  PET ORGANIZATION  JAN 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJbs0zs9ruY

252.  PET ROOM TOUR!  CHRISTMAS Themed  December 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Um1yKCCcB80

253.  PET ROOM TOUR!  JULY 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyTMLEXYMF0

254.  PET ROOM TOUR!  MAY 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTTp0GWnUq4

255.  PET UPDATE VLOG!  Chickens, Praying Mantis Eggs, Hedgehog + MORE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnSkeMpSbVY

256.  PET UPDATES!  Tumor, Cages, NEW Roaches! +MORE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKkloA-YEKQ

257.  PETCO HAMSTER HAUL! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSbnLF9ZBzQ

258.  PETCO PET HAUL + Updates!  NEW ITEMS For My Shop!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEdKr38ZT0k

259.  PETVILLE STUDIO Review & Setup!  Hamsters & Mice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y86j-ek9WVE

260.  Pokemon GO! pet dish!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjcriIBlepw

261.  PRAYING MANTIS VS CRICKET!  Awesome LIVE Bug Grub!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=918JrOs1Vzk

262.  PREPARING For New Natural HAMSTER CAGE!  German Cage Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KK1Mi9-Z8ts

263.  PROS & CONS of OWNING HAMSTERS!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_ptEmrV5aE

264.  Random Video of Mason!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzF5ogJKKaY

265.  Reacting to Your Assumptions About Me...  Answering Your Questions!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsVL7v5LQ9Y

266.  Red Eared Slider TURTLE FACTS! ?? Pet Turtles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdqLF-Xkvqk

267.  REPTIHACK Higher Temperatures (FAST & EASY!!!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smQZSJ_t4xk

268.  REPTILES VS RODENTS (As Pets)  Which to Get ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wjpeivUKAg

269.  REVIEW AND HOW TO T-rex Bearded Dragon Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3e1M1RGhOUc

270.  REVIEW MY FUN FISH SELF CLEANING TANK! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ViYZB3caSM

271.  RIPLEY'S AQUARIUM of MYRTLE BEACH!  Tour, Walkthrough, Shows + MORE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jV3-5VTRBJQ

272.  SAFE BEDDINGS FOR SMALL ANIMALS!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fdgIom1wgY

273.  SAIGE'S NEW 30 GAL! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTrqg6p9lSA

274.  SHOCKING FOOTAGE FROM Petsmart AND Petco!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPUytL1Hkx4

275.  SIGNS of an ELDERLY HAMSTER!  Hamster Care & Tips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-lVgsJMmY4

276.  SKYLAR IS A BOY !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X85dbHgQccQ

277.  SMALL PET CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY 2020!  Hammocks, Snuggle Sacks, Foraging Dishes!  Hamsters + More!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03zQ4ndmT-g

278.  So, I'm alive....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHNbEgwP7HI

279.  Some Sad News....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi-GKpvSApA

280.  SPRING THEMED MOUSE CAGE!??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ovPdDtwLLw

281.  SURPRISE! 7 NEW GOLDFISH!??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjERzx2fDLU

282.  The BEST TREATS for Pet MICE! (and hamsters)  Mouse DietTaming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKqmuQPEuOI

283.  THE BIGGEST SECRET EVER!!!  I HATCHED BEARDED DRAGONS!??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n09Fl13Y_64

284.  The CHICKEN COOP IS FINISHED! +TOUR  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTV-NApkRCo

285.  THE CHICKS HAVE ARRIVED!!!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzbIWt5JqPE

286.  THE DRAGONS ARE HATCHING! + REDESIGNING THE PET ROOM!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nw3ZMpR31BM

287.  The Truth about the IKEA Detolf for Hamsters  Hamster Cage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMVCRz-czKs

288.  THEIR FIRST EGG!!!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8i6NdlLErJY

289.  TINYHAMSTERPAWS UNBOXING!  Hamster Subscription Service! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwVYEugiYjI

290.  TIPS FOR OWNING 2+ MICE!  Mouse Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30Rl3dEd4z0

291.  Top 5 FAVORITE MOUSE Treats!  Mouse Care & Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axl1A_Vuzxw

292.  TRACTOR SUPPLY HAUL!  I Got 6 NEW PETS! Pet Chickens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4MgFNWw_L4

293.  TRUTH About ROACHES As PETS!  Madagascar Hissing Roach FAQ + UPDATES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHGfp72-Fd4

294.  Trying HALLOWEEN COSTUMES On My Beardies!  HALLOWEEN SPECIAL ?? .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPDzOx1KFKo

295.  TYPES OF WHEELS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wR2bxs9aBcc

296.  UNBOXING LIVE ROACHES!  LIVE Unboxing From HISSERSUSA!  Madagascar Roach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVfi76EUAr8

297.  Unboxing LIVE SNAILS from EBAY!  Otala LacteaMilk Snail Pet Snail UNBOXING!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JadYzh5jHco

298.  UNBOXING Purina 'Incredibites' Dog Food!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9D5U1gFOo-A

299.  UNDER THE SEA THEMED HAMSTER CAGE!????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hw4Rm0goxL0

300.  Update on the chickens!  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VI4Lm4C1TI

301.  UPDATES IN FLORIDA!  Pet Loss, New Pets, & Shop Updates!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oLS2wQcqH0

302.  VLOG 1  Dead Superworms + UPDATES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdvrpqXOQrE

303.  VLOG 2  MORE EGGS, New Cages, Hatchlings UPDATES + More!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d38lbaIEY-8

304.  VLOG 3  Making Rodent POPCORN!, Feeding my Toad, Incubation & Garden Updates, + MORE! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HJaAdaKWG8

305.  VLOG 4  UNBOXING FROM DR'S, FOSTER & SMITH, New Intro, AND Announcing FACE REVEAL!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZituLCg5xg

306.  WELCOME TO MY CHANNEL!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSURxQjRIpc

307.  What I Feed My HEDGEHOG! ??  Hedgehog DietCare 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kaf69bFz9Gs

308.  What is Bearded Dragon Brumation  Bearded Dragon Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEkbNV2jlZQ

309.  What You Missed This Last Month...  End of 2018 Updates + A Fresh Start!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaPvJrSm558

310.  WHEREHOW I GOT ALL MY PETS!  Adopting, Breeder, Rescue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCrpYdsbxzU

311.  White Plains REPTILE EXPO 2019! ??  HAUL + TourWalkthrough.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bedCvuGm05U

312.  White Plains REPTILE EXPO Vlog!  ft. EMZOTIC.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUBKPrublGk

313.  WHITE PLAINS REPTILE EXPO!  Tour + Pickups!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qs6cTHUW-VU

314.  Why Hercules and Athena are Split  Cgpets101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMLTZYdH4Fs

315.  Why I left...  Losing Pets & College (Updates).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv487O4Nj20

316.  Why I Will NOT Be Getting Any More Pets....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UI3Klav_LM

317.  Why You SHOULDN'T Buy Chickens!  Poultry Care  Pets NOT Presents!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdEfNYPJQBU

318.  Wild Harvest Bird Food Review and Comparison.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LWS4miRwfM

319.  Worst Pet Products & Biggest Pet Regrets...  ft. My Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niLd3ts0qYs

320.  YouTubers I Don't Like... ??  Future Pets & Plans!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Iej7NZB93E

321.  ~DIY REPTILE TANK CLEANER! (TOO EASY!)~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRsLTG46m6E

322.  ~HOW TO BEARDED DRAGON SALAD!~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ecmrmwE7gQ

323.  ~WHITE PLAINS REPTILE EXPO- 9615! HAUL + NEW PET!!!~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEuCyb_nq7Y
Curtis Lasane - Videos