
2 Chainz Goes to a Weed Dispensary in Las Vegas  Most Expensivest  VICELAND & GQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ikPp1J9Lb4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

2020 Lamborghini Aventador SVJ Roadster Is a $700000 MONSTER Review & Walkaround 4K
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Kq6VftBW3w&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

2PAC - HELL RAZOR (REMIX)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1ttqn3q2Kg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

A Madman's Dream (Dirty)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wzeG-iLQTg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Aesop Rock- DayLight  NightLight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HEq8UqrujM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Al'tarba vs Lord Lhus - Welcome to Hell OFFICIAL VIDEO (Lyrics posted in info)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PzE3Jg8pk0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

All I Have To Do Is Dream - Everly Brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbU3zdAgiX8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

All My Loving (Remastered 2009)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSpiwK5fig0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Anita Ward - Ring My Bell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URAqnM1PP5E&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Betty Everett - Shoop Shoop Song  (it´s in his kiss)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4KN6TFhy2I&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Big Bopper Chantilly Lace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNrpAgTXiC4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Bill Haley & His Comets - Rock Around The Clock (1955) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgdufzXvjqw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Billy J Kramer & The Dakotas - Bad To Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CMX0mCFYJ4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Billy J Kramer & The Dakotas - Every Time That You Walk In The Room ( The Searchers )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwmafeSmbuQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Billy J. Kramer And The Dakotas -  Do You Want To Know A Secret
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3V_BVJIShHU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Billy Stewart - I Do Love You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kr40p6ev4Yw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Billy Stewart - Sitting In The Park (1683260)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3O1RT392fY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Billy Stewart - Sitting in the Park
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g14VdGTDt64&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Bittersweet Faith (Thievery Corporation Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulhE27qNSsg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Blueberry Hill (Remastered 2002)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0f2ZBrfd5cI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Bobby Darin - Beyond the sea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8OlDPqYBLw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Bobby Darin - Dream Lover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVHAQX5sSaU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Bobby Fuller Four - I Fought The Law(1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgtQj8O92eI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Bobby Helms - My Special Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFgQ0cIZiDw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Bobby Vee  - Take Good Care Of My Baby  - 1961
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awNqLO6auQA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Bobby Vee - The Night Has A Thousand Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssCLB6Y8zjA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Bobby Vinton - Mr. Lonely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djU4Lq_5EaM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Book Of Love by The Monotones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIfuNPbBaaA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Brian Hyland Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ge9Ou3-YyqU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Buddy Holly - Everyday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMezwtB1oCU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Buddy Holly - Oh boy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwHrx0r0t2s&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Carl Perkins - Blue Suede Shoes - Perry Como Show -1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRNyvO4QouY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Celph Titled - Fallout (Feat. Walkmen, Dutchmassive) + ON-SCREEN LYRICS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RoPmNqHD-FA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Cherish (Remastered Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9tAdPN3FZ4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Chordettes - Lollipop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rYoRaxgOE0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Chris Rivers - Innocence (2013)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7nRnoD8XXc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Chubby Checker - Let's Twist Again (lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eh8eb_ACLl8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Chuck Berry - Maybellene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75RiHJGfyUE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Chuck Berry - No Particular Place to Go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6OS_ItMGpc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Chuck Berry - Roll Over Beethoven (1956)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOrMg3pY7hw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Chuck Berry - You Never Can Tell ((MONO)) 1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQyEEj0sqeg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Clyde McPhatter -- A Lover's Question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrqW1EBLyJA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Conditioner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1u6USpjAMU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Connie Francis - Everybody's Somebody's Fool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECOthzFvUXY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Conway Twitty Its Only Make Believe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJefPaBsSug&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Counting Crows - Mr. Jones (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oqAU5VxFWs&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Curtis Lee - Pretty Little Angel Eyes - Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZT__JFMUgU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Da Mafia 6ix ft SGP,Bizzy Bone,Krayzie Bone-Murder on My Mind Unofficial Video (1220564)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVkyn7IxXrY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Da Mafia 6ix ft SGP,Bizzy Bone,Krayzie Bone-Murder on My Mind Unofficial Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVkyn7IxXrY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Danny & The Juniors. At The Hop.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3SrtN6tMyg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Del Shannon - Hats Off to Larry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xk_FR3341bA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Del Shannon - Runaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0S13mP_pfEc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Dion & The Belmonts  I Wonder Why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZBSGaWrEn4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Dion & The Belmonts A Teenager in Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pwgswchPDo&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Dion - Love Came To Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XktLJ0FJC9Q&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Dizzy Wright - God Bless America ft. Big K.R.I.T., Tech N9ne, Chel'le (Prod by SnizzyOnTheBeat)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Am2QpuJoE9I&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Dizzy Wright - On The Way feat. Demrick & Reezy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHgI1US0QkY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Dizzy Wright - SmokeOut Conversations (Produced by DJ Hoppa)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsJMEVeuosw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Dizzy Wright - Zoovie (Prod by SDot)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ncux2UpPJeE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

dj honda  Blaze It Up feat. BlackAttack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbuphG0kR-s&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

dj honda  Out for the Cash (5 Deadly Venoms) feat. Fat Joe, Common, Al' Tariq & The Beatnuts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fHVEx6gj1o&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

DJ Hoppa - The Lost Cypher feat. Dizzy Wright, Euroz & Demrick (Hoppa and Friends 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RkMLIYubtA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

DJ Quik - Medley For A V (The Pussy Medley) - HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uJCKcEmqvE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Do You Want to Dance-Bobby Freeman-original song-1958
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4T6XIBIjKck&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Dovells   Bristol Stomp HD video   Excellent  quality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCOB5-E4P6Y&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Draggin the Line - Tommy James
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLfO738Ok5Y&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Duane Eddy - Rebel-rouser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGPG_Y-_BZI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Dutchmassive -  Ms Unobtainable (feat. Reggie B)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvaxvYSHlUw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Eddie cochran  C'mon everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qadw2rFiaJc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Eddie Cochran - Summertime Blues [stereo]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=In7z7B87Puc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Eleanor Rigby - P.P.Arnold ( 1968 ) (1403708)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op9Rs_J4tBc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Eleanor Rigby - P.P.Arnold ( 1968 )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op9Rs_J4tBc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Elvis Presley -  Surrender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78mINXUUyzk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Elvis Presley - (Let Me be Your) Teddy Bear (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkDbk-egHH4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Elvis Presley - (You're The) Devil in Disguise (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emjLXdsj6xA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Elvis Presley - Heartbreak Hotel (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9BLw4W5KU8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Elvis Presley - It's Now or Never (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwelrtb8Oho&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Elvis- Little Sister
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Di2ThVZeGV4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Eminem & Evanescence - The Only One (2020)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAT4cy-UN0s&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Eric Burdon and The Animals - See See Rider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRhKoBfsXek&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Everly Brothers - Bye Bye Love - Original HQ Audio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRyrWN-fftE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Fergie - Glamorous (Official Music Video) ft. Ludacris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0SyUgw98tE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

FOALS - Mountain At My Gates [Official Music Video] (GoPro Spherical)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_EIE5f2t6M&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

FONDA RAE - TUCH ME  ( 1986 DISCO )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjPZAkcMetA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Frankie Lymon & The Teenagers - I Want You To Be My Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkemUbJjy8o&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Frankie Lymon - Goody Goody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jHonJ78JyE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

From Me To You (Mono Version  Remastered 2009)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xbycIC9WbU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Fugees - Fu-Gee-La (Refugee Camp Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRaQ2K6-i1c&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Funkmaster Flex feat. LL Cool J - Ill bomb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hd4AgT2FWMA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

G Perico - Ain't My Fault Big Pimpin' (G-Style)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSPzVG7WPbA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

G923 Racing Wheel and Pedals Keep Playing (1663996)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jig6uShQkgk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

G923 Racing Wheel and Pedals Keep Playing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jig6uShQkgk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Gang Starr - Family and Loyalty (feat. J.Cole)  [Official Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMsdzxuldQM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Gang Starr - Family and Loyalty (feat. J.Cole) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPdJ0ATa8T4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Gee by the Crows 1954
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf9SP84EgHY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Gene Chandler - Duke Of Earl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6Uht69h8Is&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

HAVE YOU HEARD ~ The Duprees  (1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uugCEibK1Q&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Heart and Soul by Jan and Dean 1961
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2rVXozMOnY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Heart and Soul-The Cleftones-original song-1961
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4tSFlJlMtI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Heltah Skeltah & OGC - Leflaur Leflah Eshkoshka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4sW3jJuVDg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Hippy Hippy Shakes - The Swinging Blue Jeans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ke8mzgex4U&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Hit the road Jack!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8Tiz6INF7I&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Hold Me Thrill Me Kiss Me    Mel Carter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKturN4Beyg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

House of Pain - Fed Up (Guru Remix) [Clean]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlnzqxH6TQc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Hushabye - The Mystics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94VWNiOcss0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

I Want To Hold Your Hand (Remastered 2015)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1HDt1tknTc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

I'm Into Something Good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDUCOwp1p60&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

In the Still of the Night-The Five Satins-original song-1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRb1-SAAIzs&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Intro (Shaolin Finger Jab)  Chamber Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uL0yNMrf6g4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

It's Late (Remastered 2005)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdZKXPWTBmQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

JACKIE DE SHANNON - When You Walk in the Room (1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9VeE7GABgk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Jamal - Fades Em All [Explicit]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5VYPyVAD8g&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

James Darren -  Goodbye Cruel World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vQN-zWELWg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Jay & The Americans Come A Little Bit Closer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuWkVqum6a8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Jedi Mind Tricks (Vinnie Paz + Stoupe) - Black Winter Day [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w20sqdJSH7Q&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Jedi Mind Tricks (Vinnie Paz + Stoupe) - On The Eve Of War (Julio Caesar Chavez) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxNOeNapq4M&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Jedi Mind Tricks - Blood Runs Cold (feat. Sean Price) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqozyKanYFg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Jedi Mind Tricks - I Who Have Nothing [Official Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtaRC9vHSgY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Jeru The Damaja - D. Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49uSOT_Zxvw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Jeru The Damaja - You Can't Stop The Prophet (Produced by DJ Premier)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zls5IlSP7h4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Jimmie Rodgers - Honeycomb ( 1957 )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1ubG2f1-to&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Jimmie Rodgers - Kisses Sweeter Than Wine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iulmZAz8XfY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Jive Five - My True Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glOMdK8gfbo&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Joey Dee & The Starliters - Peppermint Twist.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WIvZu4dPQQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Johnny Maestro & Brooklyn Bridge  Trouble In Paradise & The Angels Listened In Live 2005via torchbro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6-4E-TbabA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Johnny Maestro Performs The Angels Listened In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HavvGZT41A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Johnny Otis - Willie and the Hand Jive (1958)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kIswurDJt4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

King of The Road - Roger Miller - 1965
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HBQFjoqDYE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Kokane Night Locz. Feat. Goldie Loc Snoop Dogg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjhFEOtPh24&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

La Bamba (Recorded at Gold Star)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZNlRF6DkSs&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Len Barry 1-2-3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcxcbzAYD9Y&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Lenny Kravitz - I Belong To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucvLuGgsGS8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

let's dance ~Chris Montez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNLXxDMxe18&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Link Wray - Rumble [HQ - Best Version]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucTg6rZJCu4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Lipstick On Your Collar by Connie Francis 1959
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMlALAaEwfA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Little Anthony & The Imperials - Tears On My Pillow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we2kmO24rgE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Little Anthony & The Imperials Shimmy Shimmy Ko Ko Bop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mLjZRAXRRA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Little Richard - Good Golly, Miss Molly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ6akiGRcL8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Little Richard - Long Tall Sally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFFgbc5Vcbw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Little Richard - Tutti Frutti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F13JNjpNW6c&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Logic - Wu Tang Forever ft. Wu Tang Clan (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3-skAbrO2g&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Lou Christie - Lightnin' Strikes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyRqdzF8swY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Love Is Strange - Mickey & Sylvia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mvN05MSa48&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Love Me Do (Mono  Remastered)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pt_zgUqoyWI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Madchild - I'm OK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfFfsg4lfdA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Madchild - The Jackel Official Music Video (1276888)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT9iN7sExKc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Madchild - The Jackel Official Music Video (1490393)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT9iN7sExKc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Madchild - The Jackel Official Music Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT9iN7sExKc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Majik Most - Forget You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgbirboZyWs&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Martha Reeves & the Vandellas - Dancing in the Street (1964)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KhbM2mqhCQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Maurice Williams & the Zodiacs - Stay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1Z_hskvz1M&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Millie - My boy lollipop 1973
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HiuPND4W6KM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

MOONGLOWS - TEN COMMANDMENTS OF LOVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6Eu43RoaGQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

MR. BASS MAN ~ Johnny Cymbal  (1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZr8iReEqMQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Mr. Sandman - The Chordettes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX45pYvxDiA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Mr. Short Khop - Dollaz, Dank & Drank feat. Kokane - Da Khop Shop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTLbaq2RffE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Murder on My Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23P6kmsxR7A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

My Prayer   The Platters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDlcqhlzDqQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

N.B.S. & Snowgoons - B.A.R.S. ft Termanology, Reks & Sicknature (OFFICIAL VIDEO)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpkJyr_HoyY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Never My Love (Remastered Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32OSn3iNw9A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Once in a While The Chimes 1961
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-ZGFyBJ1k8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

One Summer Night- The Danleers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QT4LJxBBaF0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

P.P. Arnold - To Love Somebody (1513251)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeF4ebkTVe0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

P.P. Arnold - To Love Somebody (1875312)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeF4ebkTVe0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

P.P. Arnold - To Love Somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeF4ebkTVe0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

P.P.Arnold - Angel Of The Morning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=US94q0e20Us&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Palisades Park
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnLCvpgPD_s&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Patti Drew - Workin' on a Groovy Thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWqTAGf_YYk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Paul Anka - Put Your Head On My Shoulder (1959) HQ Audio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvxagNIBVLU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Rags To Riches - Tony Bennett
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y22tIJ6toPY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Rama Lama Ding Dong (Original version 1958)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSliAkQg68Y&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Randy & The Rainbows - Denise -  The Year 1963
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgqMW4CHClk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Rappin 4 Tay - Players Club
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2daXghqHgjQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Red Hot Chili Peppers - The Zephyr Song [Official Music Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fcRa5Z6LmU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Ring of Fire Johnny Cash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIBTg7q9oNc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

RITCHIE VALENS - COME ON, LET'S GO!  (1958)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLrnU1K2Wso&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Rockin' Robin-Bobby Day-original song-1957
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LklFP1IG9KY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Royal Teens   Short Shorts Very Good+ quality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOfFB5QF4iQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Runaround Sue (Remastered 1991)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXz1Mcsl5Pw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Russ - 99 (feat. Totem & paulina)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1O_3EyFE3Q&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Russ - The Flute Song (1634123)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ht-ePv8c4_A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Russ - The Flute Song (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baFlWFS-R3A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Russ - The Flute Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ht-ePv8c4_A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Russ- Apollo 13
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpwNrilDYf0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Sam Cooke - Chain Gang (High Quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBn5aIfZElE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Sam Cooke - What A Wonderful World (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4GLAKEjU4w&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Sam Cooke-Twistin' The Night Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSoPeZMHMf4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

San Francisco - Scott McKenzie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7I0vkKy504U&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Santo & Johnny - Sleep walk [Original instrumental]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBRCvVpknvg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Savage Garden - To The Moon & Back (Extended Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCm6gRHINqA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Searchers - Needles And Pins, 1964 Mono Kapp LP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQvt7H-v8jU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

See you later alligator - Bill Haley and Comets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Hb66FH9AzI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Shade Sheist ft. Nate Dogg - Wake Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AhGm4W1Xb0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Shake, Rattle and Roll - Bill Haley and his Comets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8B7xr_EjbzE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

She Loves You (Mono  Remastered)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVCwDl-S09A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Shep & The Limelites - Daddy's Home, 1961 Hull 45 record.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8DICjr5jBI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Slaine Getting High feat. Demrick from Serial Killers Produced By DJ Lethal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCahkWFYH1o&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Smif-N-Wessun - Sound Bwoy Bureill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5MogMGLWAA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Snowgoons ft Viro The Virus - Dizzy Dreams (with Lyrics) OFFICIAL VERSION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paziNwMNZZQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Someday - Sugar Ray
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPcX-5Tmqt8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Surf City (Remastered 1990Stereo Remix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWMcoxeXKAg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Surfin' U.S.A. (Remastered 2001)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0bhSGfKTs4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Swollen Members  - Black Magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82Eps4IrZoQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Tell Her No - The Zombies (1301311)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43on86AmOw8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Tell Her No - The Zombies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43on86AmOw8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Terry Stafford - Suspicion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUe7dMi2uLA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Ad Libs - The Boy From New York City (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3TPYmeSqLjc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Birds And The Bees by Jewel Akens - with lyrics version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAPoxEdwLJM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE BOBBETTES - MR. LEE''  (1957)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoT_7lOS-vg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Cadillacs - Gloria (1954)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U28e4EEC2j4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Cadillacs - Speedoo (1955)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9uZvrsAoyE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Capitols - Cool Jerk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27PydomerjM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Capris -There's A Moon Out Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4xNF9uh8SA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The CASCADES-Rhythm Of the Rain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQstQST1GiM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Casinos - Then You Can Tell Me Goodbye stereo version (audio only)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1CMDBbylS4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Chantels - Look In My Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7L63c2DTpag&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Chantels - Maybe (1958)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IePTH1PWzAs&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Chiffons - He´s So Fine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rinz9Avvq6A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Chiffons - One Fine Day - 1963
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvyOqKhKWQ4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Chords - Sh-Boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBgQezOF8kY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Cleftones - Can't We Be Sweethearts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kato7EMyhWY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Cleftones - Little Girl Of Mine (original version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5w8Dr45Sls&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE CLOVERS  -  ''LOVE POTION NO.9''  (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTjs7a9l0hM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Clovers Devil Or Angel  original recording (1956).wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3NgHVcnjVg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Contours - Do You Love Me ((MONO)) 1962
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jH4-y_xpjaQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Crests  Step By Step ?? (Stereo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZjhQ1DsEcw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Crystals - Da Doo Ron Ron (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0dikX80Ed8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Del Vikings - Whispering Bells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDrjIW91Qh0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Diamonds Little Darlin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysVLzXWnTzA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Dubs Don't Ask Me To Be Lonely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wl8j19MCFaQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Duprees - You belong to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCeNCvwEFU8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Earls - Life Is But A Dream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GawPha2RUHE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE EARLS - REMEMBER THEN  (1962)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rgqzb-u6Q0c&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Easybeats - Friday On My Mind (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSowZcvoqr4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The El Dorados - At My Front Door
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAP_z-kEhgk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

the elegants - little star
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8F4vdF-bJc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE FIESTAS - SO FINE  (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAGUvYWifPE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE HARPTONES- ''LIFE IS BUT A DREAM''  (1955)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyGUyUgGF-8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Heartbeats - A Thousand Miles Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HQBDRSryUA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Kinks -  All Day And All Of The Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyvxpRV-OME&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Marcels   -   Blue Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0fy1HeJv80&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE MARVELOWS - I DO  (1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KY9FyR-vUFI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE ORLONS don't hang up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvfBsFj6Nts&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE ORLONS the wah watusi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3b5WS2xAYk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE PASSIONS - JUST TO BE WITH YOU  (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRMWwXn7PVM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Penguins - Earth Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Platters - Only You (And You Alone) (Original Footage HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FygIKsnkCw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Platters - Smoke Gets In Your Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2di83WAOhU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Platters - The Great Pretender (Original Footage HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEzfhclKO8Q&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Platters - Twilight Time - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvRe_pt9XHo&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Poni-Tails - Born Too Late (1958)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3mfPDSbl-4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE RAYS SILHOUETTES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6uq49ueugg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Regents - Barbara Ann (ORIGINAL VERSION)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTffa6I27iA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Rivieras - California Sun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yy57Xdk9u0o&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Shangri- Las - Remember ( Walking in the Sand)  - Long stereo mix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5YxtweUxrA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Shirelles - Mama Said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L842mz-tNBQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE SHIRELLES - SOLDIER BOY 1962
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NYw83uAQig&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE SHIRELLES -DEDICATED TO THE ONE I LOVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnLyypuGG6o&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE SILHOUETTES - GET A JOB  (1957)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysKhbaLyIFw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Skyliners - This I Swear (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSu9Kj7Q_Vg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Solitaires Walking Along Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9mpW4uJ0Dk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Tokens - The Lion Sleeps Tonight (Wimoweh) (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQlByoPdG6c&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Twist - Chubby Checker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=im9XuJJXylw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THE VELVETS - TONIGHT ( COULD BE THE NIGHT)  (1961)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gyz90zCGUY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Yardbirds - Heart Full Of Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pM1qZBFiOLU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

The Young Ones (2005 Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENsSN2EFyZ0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

THEE MIDNITERS-DREAMING CASUALLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9nA-z76nHU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Thievery Corporation - All That we Perceive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKfEzadyrO0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Thurston Harris - Little Bitty Pretty One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8j4mn4eF-c&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

TILL THEN ~ The Classics (1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NoasIFy09n8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Tommy Edwards - It's All In The Game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gtizr2G_7Bk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Two Faces Have I - Lou Christie- 1963
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w05w1XbZTG8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Um Um Um Um Um Um-Major Lance-1964.wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g02WmLzozs8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Wayne Fontana And The Mindbenders -  The Game Of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Nx84GK5reA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Whats your name - Don and Juan - 1962
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkqVU8PQOgE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

When You Walk In The Room(with lyrics)-Karla Bonoff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QA-bFPWG2s&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Who Put The Bomp - Barry Mann
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXmsLe8t_gg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Why Do Fools Fall In Love-Frankie Lymon+The Teenagers-1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sAHiR0rkJg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Windy (Remastered Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUv9OK4KUv8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Wiz Khalifa - Never Been (KUSH AND ORANGE JUICE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqrmy-pIAUQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

Wouldn't It Be Nice (Remastered)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmcNbsLCpBQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

You're Sixteen, You're Beautiful (And You're Mine)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9wtw35ReJ4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

??????????-??????????-??-???????????????? ?????? ??.??.??.??. (??????.??) ???? ????????????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2l20dnQECk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO
Doo Wop & Golden Oldies Of The 1950's 1960's 50's & 60's Oldies Jukebox