
1.  10 Things To Do After Installing Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZs899M-kQo

2.  Add Open in Terminal Command to Nautilus Context Menu in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rskmm9tskEE

3.  Bash Shell Scripting Tutorial  Shell Scripting Tutorial  Learn Shell Programming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWVV31NYi1U

4.  Beginners MYSQL Database Tutorial # How to install MySQL on UbuntuDebian Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqaoGTnxqNw

5.  Beginners MYSQL Database Tutorial # Install MySQL Workbench in UbuntuDebian Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvPeLibTidU

6.  Build and Run Sample Code for Log4Cpp C++ library from Source Code on Ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JblX87aJ1oA

7.  C++ Programming Tutorial - How to Install CodeBlocks in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f48D90y3BWI

8.  Docker Tutorial for Beginners  Learn Docker in 2 Hours (Full Course)  DevOps Training.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIpQGLdll7A

9.  How do I install gcc on Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cotkJrewAz0

10.  How Install PHP with Apache Web Server in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjXA-JcYFl4

11.  How Install VirtualBox Guest Additions on Ubuntu 18.04 Guest  virtual machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNecdUsuTPw

12.  How to be a Good Software Developer  Coder  Programmer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9C-_s3HQl8

13.  How to Browse or View Ubuntu Touch apps on Ubuntu desktop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezi3ko4mwA4

14.  How to change Terminal Font size in Ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6c0NyQYG-I

15.  How to compile and run C program in ubuntu using gcc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiaiZmWxcck

16.  How To Download and Install Android SDK Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YNaxsUPwZc

17.  How to Download and Install VirtualBox On Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttEn0KfHH44

18.  How to Enable SSH in Ubuntu 18.04 LTS  Ubuntu 20.04  (Install openssh-server).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZ7h5FxlTVg

19.  How to Extract a tar.gz File in Ubuntu Linux using Terminal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKbGGbczheI

20.  How to get Higher screen Resolution for Ubuntu 16.04 guest on VirtualBox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrJ113yGbnw

21.  How to Install and  configuration PostgreSQL on Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LwI4HMR_Eg

22.  How to Install and Configure Git and GitHub on Ubuntu 18.04  Ubuntu 20.04(Linux).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMgLZUYd8Cw

23.  How to Install and Configure Git and Repositories on GitHub on Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwK2dPFXhpU

24.  How to install and run Apache Web Server in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmkwB7ZLt8M

25.  How to Install and Run VLC Media Player in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NE8xkVbkpEY

26.  How to Install and Use Visual Studio Code on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS Linux (VS Code).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1fei1mzP7Q

27.  How to install Android Studio in Ubuntu Linux (20.04 LTS or 18.04 LTS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axtVId9ASmY

28.  How to Install Android Studio on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3nVHXv3oyw

29.  How To Install Arduino IDE in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QX1OS7p98kU

30.  How to install Atom editor in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dk1y06JCa7o

31.  How to Install AudaCity Audio Editor on Ubuntu  Linux Mint.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MorBFlewwyA

32.  How to Install CentOS 7 on VirtualBox in Windows 8  Windows 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-VZwc-0Y1M

33.  How to Install Chromium (Google Chrome) in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VniSxKSXhVE

34.  How to install Cinelerra ( free video editor ) in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZMo433LhVQ

35.  How to Install Debian Linux on VirtualBox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M1DivpQSdo

36.  How to Install Docker On Ubuntu 20.04 LTS Focal Fossa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMKUuaga85A

37.  How to Install Eclipse IDE on Ubuntu 18.04  Ubuntu 20.04(Linux).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vc3z48_Gx3E

38.  How to Install Eclipse IDE on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS  (2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bhgnz6aZg1Y

39.  How to Install Eclipse Oxygen on Ubuntu 20.04  Ubuntu 18.04 (Linux).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EiGl2Ag35AI

40.  How to install Emacs (Text editor) on Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTuzbY1YyzM

41.  How to Install Fedora Linux on VirtualBox in Windows 8  Windows 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVmAC37BfVA

42.  How to Install Genymotion Android Emulator in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3MSTD9SLy4

43.  How To Install Google Chrome in Ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x01yVzlm8xI

44.  How To Install IntelliJ IDEA on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS  (2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCkozcDBJ-A

45.  How To Install Java 15 On Ubuntu 20.04 LTS (2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpDSz9zJVYI

46.  How to install Java 678 in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tixCmD3Ib10

47.  How to install Java JDK 10 on Ubuntu 18.04 LTS (Debian Linux).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RJ60fqeTN4

48.  How to Install Java JDK and JRE on Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBDNVwHw_CU

49.  How to Install Jenkins on Ubuntu Linux (Ubuntu 20.04 , Ubuntu 18.04).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1o9BKW2rdw

50.  How To Install Kali Linux in VirtualBox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVmWMogGX4Q

51.  How To Install Kali Linux In VMware Workstation  VMware Player.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOzfmvcvHeA

52.  How to install latest Wine (to Run Windows applications) on Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of1EXRC1xpA

53.  How to Install Linux Mint 19 Cinnamon on VirtualBox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPDNnpsdteU

54.  How to Install Linux Mint on VirtualBox on Windows 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aisUxv2S3gk

55.  How to Install Linux Mint on VirtualBox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzTCCtw-UaE

56.  How to Install Linux Mint on VMware Virtual Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kRPYByFHUU

57.  How to Install MySQL & PhpMyAdmin to Apache Webserver in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-O5uXgodOI

58.  How To Install Netbeans IDE on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS  (2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mc3baeuvJs

59.  How to Install NetBeans IDE on Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rrh3T60Cic

60.  How to Install Network Simulator 2 ( ns2 ) on Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Dh7MubQ_5Q

61.  How to Install nginx server on Ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlyKRQcqgFo

62.  How to Install Node.js on Ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeEKAhEm67Q

63.  How to Install Notepad++ in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzqVxdD7Ae4

64.  How To Install OpenCV 4 for Python on Ubuntu 18.04 Linux  Ubuntu 20.04 LTS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGmGOi2kkJ4

65.  How to Install OpenCV in Ubuntu for C  C++ (Ubuntu 18.04, Ubuntu 20.04 ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pABIQl1ZP0

66.  How to install Oracle Java JDK on Ubuntu Linux (18.04 LTS or 20.04 LTS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrOhA-I3aFs

67.  How to install Package build-essential on Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-AAT72G_ps

68.  How to Install Parrot Security OS on VirtualBox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPaZp-BAr_Q

69.  How to install PERL on Ubuntu Linux + perl editor SciTE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxHqJFl72fI

70.  How to install putty (SSH and telnet client) in ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAMTHwrw9X4

71.  How to install PyCharm on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15daSz2QExo

72.  How to Install Python 3.3 on Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKiDjO_0dCQ

73.  How to Install Scala and SBT on Ubuntu 20.04  Ubuntu 18.04 LTS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYcSYCGITeU

74.  How to install Skype on Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDaYWoNxhpg

75.  How to install SqLite database in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C16QgidWZsU

76.  How to Install TeamViewer (remote desktop) Version on Ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFcSQVYu3zk

77.  How To Install The Latest Ubuntu Tweak In Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdaMqr55EWY

78.  How to install Ubuntu 16.04 in VMware Player (Virtual Machine).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlOcHa_KB0k

79.  How to install Ubuntu 16.04 LTS on Oracle Virtual Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amF-m8Z3hqI

80.  How to Install Ubuntu 16.04 LTS on VirtualBox in Windows 8  Windows 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGorVpzZQwA

81.  How to Install Ubuntu 16.04 LTS on VMware in Windows 8  Windows 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rc0JxFEcnBs

82.  How to Install Ubuntu 18.04 LTS on VirtualBox in Windows 10  Windows 8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbmRXJJKsvs

83.  How to Install Ubuntu 18.04 LTS on VMware Workstation Player with VMware Tools.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIhRkea8LpA

84.  How to Install Ubuntu 20.04 LTS on VirtualBox in Windows 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5MhydijWmc

85.  How to install Visual Studio Code on Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYE0XrM-VZA

86.  How To Install VMware Player In Ubuntu (to run Windows and other OS in Ubuntu).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjarGUJhcoM

87.  How To Install VMware Player on a Windows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvSpGwVMOS8

88.  How to install Wine to Run Windows applications on Linux Ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdfiZuPmxTc

89.  How to install XAMPP on Ubuntu 20.04  Ubuntu 18.04 (Linux).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5CUn5wGQGg

90.  How to Install, Build and Use the Boost C++ libraries in eclipse IDE on ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2o8wqhVh_M

91.  How to Make Ubuntu 20.04 Bootable USB Drive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_fDdUgqIUQ

92.  How to manually install Adobe Flash in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-5NEWPLWEU

93.  How To Put Ubuntu on Flash Drive using Windows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOHM-H6YUew

94.  How to Reset Root Password On Ubuntu 18.04  20.04  LTS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3rbpR9uuHA

95.  How to Run LinuxBash on Windows 10  Windows 10 Bash & Linux Subsystem Setup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ap3hL-UR9I

96.  How to Set up Virtual Box and Vagrant on Windows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPBWWu7sZU4

97.  How to Share Folders in Ubuntu Guest with Windows 7 Host using VirtualBox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5cV0V7vLJw

98.  How To Test 200+ Linux Distributions Without Installing them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_CWdtoTMKg

99.  How to use Cmake with Qt Creator for Building C++ programs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFgkk9hBkQc

100.  How to use Ubuntu - Ubuntu Tutorial for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTaL1s3YJPY

101.  How to Use VirtualBox  Beginners Guide to VirtualBox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZJ6KZUc25M

102.  How to use VMware Linux Mint in Full Screen with VMware Tools.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhX7cHfXtCo

103.  Increase screen resolution for Ubuntu when using VirtualBox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l03rU5zwu_w

104.  Install eclipse cdt plugin for CC++ Program in Eclipse IDE for Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXvhHzQgW0M

105.  Install GIMP image editor in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVxcw9sPPvg

106.  Install Linux Ubuntu on Oracle VirtualBox in Windows 8  Windows 8.1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAIBI3dOmLo

107.  Install Linux Ubuntu on virtualbox in windows 7  windows 8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt8wrKBKrt0

108.  Install MongoDB on Ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3u97Vry2bE

109.  Install PyCharm Python IDE on Ubuntu Linux + Create and Run First Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4hQkcjDbDw

110.  Install Wine on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS Focal Fossa Linux  Running Windows Programs on Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wx8NbZEAPNM

111.  Installing Eclipse IDE in Linux Ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8BpSf9EJ68

112.  Installing Eclipse IDE with CC++ plugin(or CDT) in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckSOqSSSB6w

113.  Installing Eclipse in Linux Ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrHRX5w8d84

114.  Installing Jetbrains Intellij IDEA on Ubuntu and Creating First Hello World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBkjXV1aSRA

115.  Installing OpenSSH in Ubuntu and Connect to Ubuntu from Windows using SSH.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur-ctfgzGxs

116.  Linux Command Line Tutorial  Learn the Bash Command Line  Linux Terminal Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFGImSdJNWk

117.  Linux Terminal Tutorial - Basic Terminal Commands (Ubuntu , Linux Mint , Debian ..).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhZLTp6N4XA

118.  Microsoft Visual Studio Code in Ubuntu Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aY4Rhmv5P_Q

119.  Please Support ProgrammingKnowledge .....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMyknvJOb7s

120.  scp command - SCP to Securely Transfer FilesFolders in Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmMg6cyww14

121.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 1 -  Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQepf9fY6cE

122.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 10 - Perform arithmetic operations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kr3WP_-bu8A

123.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 11 - Floating point math operations in bash  bc Command.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqpY-Wk-i9k

124.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 12 - The case statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dW3oYQbNFyI

125.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 13 - The case statement Example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqaMU4v6KvQ

126.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 14 - Array variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4ZHbf4_6IU

127.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 15 - WHILE Loops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwEteYwKDfE

128.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 16 - using sleep and open terminal with WHILE Loops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2eaBxAoMfQ

129.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 17 - Read a file content in Bash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-rBp1OJSH4

130.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 18 - UNTIL loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgVIvWIi89I

131.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 19 - FOR loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhhAbETJpag

132.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 2 - using Variables and Comments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQv4W-JfrmQ

133.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 20 - use FOR loop to execute commands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnmlnu-J3_g

134.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 21 - Select loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3yTt0V01Mo

135.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 22 - Break and continue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOG076Z5SU8

136.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 23 - Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvQpx0q3qhY

137.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 24 - Local variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16T4e4DME8I

138.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 25 - Function Example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8Zbspqm_x4

139.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 26 - Readonly command.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcldWxfoEmw

140.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 3 - Read User Input.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcSkkNAsGCY

141.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 4 - Pass Arguments to a Bash-Script.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjBBfmDRakg

142.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 5 - If Statement ( If then , If then else, If elif else).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OO2Avn1g5Tw

143.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 6 - File test operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVi5o38NGi0

144.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 7 - How to append output to the end of text file.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Z72-LpvwjU

145.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 8 -  Logical 'AND' Operator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4G3MLK8l4s

146.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners 9 -  Logical 'OR' Operator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtbeGJfssGQ

147.  Top Websites for Coding Interview Preparation in 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDnFjDjxW_0

148.  Ubuntu Linux How to Change the Computer Name.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaYtIGDKZc4

149.  Using make and writing Makefile ( in C++ or C ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aw9wHbFTnAQ

150.  Vagrant Tutorial for Beginners 3 - vagrant init + vagrant up + vagrant ssh + vagrant destroy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaI70u-DqXM

151.  Visual C++ Tutorial 40 -Windows Forms Application Moving files from one directory to another.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6dzTQIfa-k

152.  Welcome to ProgrammingKnowledge Youtube Channel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dA0ekFVYY7U

153.  What Is JSON  JSON Crash Course.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdweixONFyA

154.  Which Programming Language Should You Learn First.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmTD9BaL6zY
Ubuntu Linux Tutorials for Beginners