
126266.  Ambiguous Grammar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQjppolFdas

126268.  An Example Proof using Identities of Regular Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkqcPh0BFUw

126271.  Arden’s Theorem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Idl_0mPzZjE

126275.  CFG to GNF Conversion (Removal of Left Recursion).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rauqqM0nfuI

126280.  Chomsky Normal Form & CFG to CNF Conversion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mh-UQVmAxnw

126286.  Construction of Mealy Machine (Example 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-Ul9dIS9AE

126293.  Construction of Mealy Machine (Example 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkdufhcBraw

126301.  Construction of Mealy Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LioitkXDfmA

126310.  Construction of Moore Machine (Example 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQPSt8dRX1Q

126320.  Construction of Moore Machine (Example 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKTzwXSJiIk

126331.  Construction of Moore Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFnRF07SoFo

126343.  Context Free Grammar & Context Free Language.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_tfVe7ED3g

126356.  Conversion of CFG to Chomsky Normal Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNPSlnj3Vt0

126370.  Conversion of Epsilon NFA to NFA - Examples (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6GFKekMr7s

126385.  Conversion of Epsilon NFA to NFA - Examples (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jz4YQ09nOxA

126401.  Conversion of Epsilon NFA to NFA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSGcmaHNBFM

126418.  Conversion of Mealy Machine to Moore Machine (Example 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkgbhngdJ5Y

126436.  Conversion of Mealy Machine to Moore Machine (Example 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t48LqMDqNrA

126455.  Conversion of Mealy Machine to Moore Machine (Using Transition Table).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8IkqBJNMwA

126475.  Conversion of Mealy Machine to Moore Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-etILQcfgTg

126496.  Conversion of Moore Machine to Mealy Machine (Example 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqvVtBdazvg

126518.  Conversion of Moore Machine to Mealy Machine (Example 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHStZkC080k

126541.  Conversion of Moore Machine to Mealy Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEVWx4irOx4

126565.  Conversion of NFA to DFA (Example 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnyXgIXpKnc

126590.  Conversion of NFA to DFA (Example 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-fk9o46oVY

126616.  Conversion of NFA to DFA (Example 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dY1bCC6syLI

126643.  Conversion of NFA to DFA (Example 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y92dtMnarAU

126671.  Conversion of NFA to DFA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--CSVsFIDng

126700.  Conversion of Regular Expression to Finite Automata - Examples (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62JAy4oH6lU

126730.  Conversion of Regular Expression to Finite Automata - Examples (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsSQPwUIR8U

126761.  Conversion of Regular Expression to Finite Automata - Examples (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSHS_7omxRY

126793.  Conversion of Regular Expression to Finite Automata.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxfXyvfTsgQ

126826.  Decidability and Undecidability.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfX7VK7ocRU

126860.  Derivation Tree (Left & Right Derivation Trees).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4-rpIlV9NI

126895.  Derivations from a Grammar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejXgLRSIxsA

126931.  Designing Regular Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOhEmW_nMRs

126968.  Deterministic Finite Automata (Example 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40i4PKpM0cI

127006.  Deterministic Finite Automata (Example 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KindKcLjos

127045.  Deterministic Finite Automata (Example 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2cKtLkdwnc

127085.  Deterministic Finite Automata (Example 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fpmr1nHqYrw

127126.  DFA to Regular Expression Conversion (when the DFA has Multiple Final States).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRVljh8y7Qw

127168.  DFA to Regular Expression Conversion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmT1DXLl3f4

127211.  Epsilon NFA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84oNUttWlN4

127255.  Equivalence of CFG and PDA (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjGrU7vczyg

127300.  Equivalence of CFG and PDA (Part 2a).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyvLetfjOhc

127346.  Equivalence of CFG and PDA (Part 2b).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjbukiTf-48

127393.  Equivalence of Two Finite Automata (Example).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Jg3KqRQTvM

127441.  Equivalence of Two Finite Automata.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nX4JrcHgpZY

127490.  Finite Automata With Outputs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzMWYmRkHFQ

127540.  Finite State Machine (Finite Automata).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qa6csfkK7_I

127591.  Finite State Machine (Prerequisites).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpIBUeyOuv8

127643.  Formal Definition of Non-Deterministic Finite Automata (NFA).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egXhe55dAIk

127696.  Greibach Normal Form & CFG to GNF Conversion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCbJan6CGNM

127750.  Identities of Regular Expression.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yp4pYgXfYD8

127805.  Introduction to Theory of Computation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58N2N7zJGrQ

127861.  Method to find whether a string belong to a Grammar or not.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htoFbcwES28

127918.  Minimization of Deterministic Finite Automata (DFA).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOzc4BUIXRk

127976.  Minimization of DFA (Example 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XaGAkY09Wc

128035.  Minimization of DFA (Example 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ex9sPLq5CRg

128095.  Minimization of DFA (With Multiple Final States).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DV8cZp-2VmM

128156.  Minimization of DFA (With Unreachable States).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYMqDgB2GbU

128218.  Multitape Turing Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLLutxGVDY4

128281.  Myhill Nerode Theorem - Table Filling Method (Example).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dx2RJ2DXRYs

128345.  Myhill Nerode Theorem - Table Filling Method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiXkJUTkp44

128410.  NFA to Regular Expression Conversion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKFrju0HB7k

128476.  Non-Deterministic Finite Automata (Solved Example 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bjqVsoy6bA

128543.  Non-Deterministic Finite Automata (Solved Example 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bcen1W_uFEU

128611.  Non-Deterministic Finite Automata (Solved Example 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGF-b3QVeJU

128680.  Non-Deterministic Finite Automata.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehy0jGIYRtE

128750.  Nondeterministic Turing Machine (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQnPM6sydkk

128821.  Nondeterministic Turing Machine (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Bk11XgiC1E

128893.  Operations on Regular Languages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6aRJQNYYz4s

128966.  Pumping Lemma (For Context Free Languages) - Examples (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQ0XkUk3qGk

129040.  Pumping Lemma (For Context Free Languages) - Examples (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPs8sBcIjs8

129115.  Pumping Lemma (For Context Free Languages).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRhqx1_KcCk

129191.  Pumping Lemma (For Regular Languages)  Example 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ty9tpikilAo

129268.  Pumping Lemma (For Regular Languages)  Example 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZzH8E-s-9o

129346.  Pumping Lemma (For Regular Languages).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dikEDuepOtI

129425.  Pushdown Automata (Formal Definition).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtRyd7Svlew

129505.  Pushdown Automata (Graphical Notation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eY7fwj5jvC4

129586.  Pushdown Automata (Introduction).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ejIAmp_Atw

129668.  Pushdown Automata Example (Even Palindrome) PART-1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEQcJybMMFU

129751.  Pushdown Automata Example (Even Palindrome) PART-2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxA-aI2dyRo

129835.  Pushdown Automata Example (Even Palindrome) PART-3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHj2WI1Rrl4

129920.  Regular Expression - Examples.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paOPoZyjzdg

130006.  Regular Expression.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upu_TeZImN0

130093.  Regular Grammar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgEsPTAL55Q

130181.  Regular Languages & Finite Automata (Solved Problem 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dfj__KOo8U

130270.  Regular Languages & Finite Automata (Solved Problem 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efKSarb5oxM

130360.  Regular Languages & Finite Automata (Solved Problem 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtAy-CDYJeo

130451.  Regular Languages & Finite Automata (Solved Problem 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIHctzKa6P4

130543.  Regular Languages & Finite Automata (Solved Problem 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLSLHDYsE38

130636.  Regular Languages & Finite Automata (Solved Problem 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7jO9Dai6Go

130730.  Regular Languages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrzaPNj9OZ4

130825.  Simplification of CFG (Reduction of CFG).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EF09zxzpVbk

130921.  Simplification of CFG (Removal of Null Productions).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlXYQ8ug2v4

131018.  Simplification of CFG (Removal of Unit Productions).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2o75KpzfU4

131116.  The Church-Turing Thesis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0D7yInuKvKs

131215.  The Halting Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XZvw9W9QSc

131315.  The Post Correspondence Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZNN1OGoqr8

131416.  TOC – Conclusion and Summary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBuBv3P2aSs

131518.  Turing Machine (Example 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9eF_B8URnw

131621.  Turing Machine (Example 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cR4Re0YfoOo

131725.  Turing Machine (Formal Definition).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFEdBR-rP9g

131830.  Turing Machine - Introduction (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvLaPKPzq2I

131936.  Turing Machine - Introduction (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPSk9tRsK2I

132043.  Turing Machine as Problem Solvers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_1GptvagSw

132151.  Turing Machine for Even Palindromes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KW9md3j4_cU

132260.  Turing Machine Programming Techniques (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKhQJP4sa_8

132370.  Turing Machine Programming Techniques (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23vQEJWXc-k

132481.  Turing Machine Programming Techniques (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyB3aQhH9u4

132593.  Undecidability of the Halting Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_eM0-KfAmhQ

132706.  Undecidability of the Post Correspondence Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7w9elZjJ9Ko

132820.  Universal Turing Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKCX-4_jzck
Theory of Computation & Automata Theory