
1.  1.1 Arithmetic Sequences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eoScDsTDo8

2.  1.2 Arithmetic Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1VXuwPo1lQ

3.  1.3 Geometric Sequences part I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-bgD2wuT8Y

4.  1.3 Geometric Sequences part II.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvVDyd6Ynlc

5.  1.4 Geometric Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zsIfPw-2Q8

6.  1.5 Graphing Geometric Sequences and Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VNLULFrCvU

7.  1.6 Infinite Geometric Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_OOvzKZdH0

8.  2.1 Absolute Value.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf0DKtJwMwg

9.  2.2 Simplifying Radical Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg4EQEkZ0Lg

10.  2.3 Adding and Subtracting Radical Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxawK5Nar0k

11.  2.4 Multiplying and Dividing Radical Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Vw9af6EaPw

12.  2.5 Solving Radical Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sW7K8Zn7nAQ

13.  3.1 Factoring Polynomial Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynAf67_w_eU

14.  3.2 Solving Quadratic Equations by Factoring.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R271p51b79I

15.  3.3 Using Square Roots to Solve Quadratic Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_LAVO1kNWU

16.  3.4 Developing and Applying the Quadratic Formula.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16KePkZvgeg

17.  3.5 Interpreting the Discriminant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXQoeqZjNJQ

18.  4.1 Properites of a Quadratic Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7CWtemZO1c

19.  4.2 Solving a Quadratic Equation Graphically.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdO6RFakz1A

20.  4.3 Transforming the Graph of y=x^2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNxEbh1c0ZU

21.  4.4 Analyzing Quadratic Functions in Vertex Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JW8P7C84JT0

22.  4.5 Equivalent Forms of the Equation of a Quadratic Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sth8d_LvNuI

23.  4.6 Analyzing Quadratic Functions in Factored Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBfddEtbqKM

24.  4.7 Modelling and Solving Problems with Quadratic Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meeNyvbgm3g

25.  5.1 Solving Quadratic Inequalities in One Variable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8QRzWUloeU

26.  5.2 Graphing Linear Inequalities in Two Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0udr6o0Ulfo

27.  5.3 Graphing Quadratic Inequalities in Two Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5nw5pGpbGc

28.  5.4 Solving Systems of Equations Graphically.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4D7XY-HdjY

29.  5.5 Solving Systems of Equations Algebraically.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgVS4iNIWzo

30.  6.1 Angles in Standard Position in Quadrant I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv-Q8k7hUUo

31.  6.2 Angles in Standard Position in All Quadrants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BigYGcgI_9I

32.  6.3 Constructing Triangles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mr74OobcW2A

33.  6.4 The Sine Law.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1Cev4CbAk0

34.  6.5 The Cosine Law.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5bqQ1SDA9c

35.  7.1 Equivalent Rational Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUzEe8-xdzU

36.  7.2 Multiplying and Dividing Rational Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXdfr8qXx3g

37.  7.3 Adding and Subtracting Rational Expressions Part I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5av7LfVU-dQ

38.  7.4 Adding and Subtracting Rational Expressions Part II.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kslx6eKvRs4

39.  7.5 Solving Rational Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r748S0xOKB8

40.  7.6 Applications of Rational Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7p56e0yt1U

41.  8.1 Absolute Value Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCmwCkKuj_A

42.  8.2 Absolute Value Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6r9v0FXoWU

43.  8.3 Graphing Reciprocals of Linear Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xt1mBSNVVek

44.  8.4 Graphing Reciprocals of Quadratic Functions I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNRZ2Osjsuw

45.  8.5 Graphing Reciprocals of Quadratic Functions II.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCl8ks-HMs0

46.  Navigation Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEOTEj-74HU
Pre-calculus 11