
1.  a-ha - Take On Me (Official Video) [Remastered in 4K].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djV11Xbc914&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

2.  a-ha - The Sun Always Shines on T.V. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3ir9HC9vYg&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

3.  ABC - Poison Arrow (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a70yJwgQtzo&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

4.  Adam & The Ants - Stand And Deliver (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4B2a6l6wM2k&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

5.  Alice Cooper - Poison.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq4j1LtCdww&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

6.  Alison Moyet - All Cried Out (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wWi6OrgZe4&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

7.  Alison Moyet - That Ole Devil Called Love (Version 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgDE9f6LdV8&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

8.  Alphaville - Big In Japan (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tl6u2NASUzU&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

9.  Alphaville - Forever Young ~Official Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1TcDHrkQYg&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

10.  Beastie Boys - (You Gotta) Fight For Your Right (To Party) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBShN8qT4lk&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

11.  Billy Idol - White Wedding Pt 1 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAZQaYKZMTI&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

12.  Billy Joel - Uptown Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCuMWrfXG4E&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

13.  Billy Joel - We Didn't Start the Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFTLKWw542g&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

14.  Billy Ocean - Caribbean Queen (No More Love On The Run) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f16Fw_K45s&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

15.  Billy Ocean - When the Going Gets Tough, the Tough Get Going (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-n3sUWR4FV4&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

16.  Bolland Bolland - You're In The Army Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyzgK67qf3I&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

17.  Bon Jovi - Livin' On A Prayer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDK9QqIzhwk&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

18.  Break Machine - Street Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDhzZ7jAUKA&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

19.  Bruce Springsteen - Born in the U.S.A. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPhWR4d3FJQ&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

20.  Bryan Adams - Summer Of '69 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFjjO_lhf9c&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

21.  Cameo - Word Up (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZjAantupsA&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

22.  Colonel Abrams - Trapped.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSNWeXGZMcU&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

23.  Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9gKyRmic20&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

24.  Culture Club - Do You Really Want To Hurt Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nXGPZaTKik&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

25.  Culture Club - Karma Chameleon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmcA9LIIXWw&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

26.  Culture Club - The War Song (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBd5W9IA7n0&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

27.  Cutting Crew - (I Just) Died In Your Arms (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dOwHzCHfgA&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

28.  Cyndi Lauper - Girls Just Want To Have Fun (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIb6AZdTr-A&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

29.  Dead Or Alive - You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGNiXGX2nLU&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

30.  DeBarge - Rhythm Of The Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAQSZhazYk8&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

31.  Depeche Mode - People Are People (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzGnX-MbYE4&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

32.  Desireless - Voyage Voyage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PDmZnG8KsM&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

33.  Dire Straits - Money For Nothing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTP2RUD_cL0&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

34.  Doctor and the Medics - Spirit In The Sky (Official Music Video) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTlv6OL0tc4&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

35.  Donna Summer - Dinner With Gershwin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1P5lHH9fx8&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

36.  Double - The Captain Of Her Heart (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YX-Ru1XkNZc&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

37.  Electric Avenue  - Eddy Grant  (HQ Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UA5MtAmT24g&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

38.  Elton John - Kiss The Bride.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkmwVDLMZNk&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

39.  Europe - The Final Countdown (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jK-NcRmVcw&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

40.  Eurythmics - There Must Be An Angel (Playing With My Heart).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlGXDy5xFlw&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

41.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Missionary Man (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-Q3cp3cp88&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

42.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

43.  Falco - Rock Me Amadeus (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVikZ8Oe_XA&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

44.  Feargal Sharkey - A Good Heart (Full Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx9qUR9P2ZQ&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

45.  Fine Young Cannibals -Suspicious Minds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2aha4uEpEQ&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

46.  Five Star - System Addict (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsA7rdZelLc&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

47.  Frankie Goes To Hollywood - Relax (ZTAS 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN2tHv8gPm8&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

48.  Frankie Goes To Hollywood - Two Tribes (ZTIS 119).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXWVpcypf0w&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

49.  Frida - I Know There's Something Going On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p98PjtSfNWo&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

50.  Gary Moore ft. Philip Lynott - Out In The Fields....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nt06PFWkJ1I&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

51.  Gloria Estefan, Miami Sound Machine - Conga.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54ItEmCnP80&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

52.  Go West - We Close Our Eyes - 1985.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4FtrKfZ0Lo&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

53.  Grandmaster Melle Mel Beat Street Breakdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrfO6kW8EIs&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

54.  Harold Faltermeyer Axel F..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cu9jFLM6lec&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

55.  Howard Jones Like To Get To Know You Well UK Version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OI1wA0KJH4&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

56.  Howard Jones What is Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QE61Bz7IHKg&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

57.  Hue & Cry - Labour Of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CYZ6q7Wr9c&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

58.  Im Nin'Alu - Ofra Haza.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRnzTTYk7_Q&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

59.  Jackie Wilson - Reet petite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CTs8a7dVa0&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

60.  Jermaine Stewart - We Don't Have To Take Our Clothes Off (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWZisnZ-RGE&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

61.  Jethro Tull - Steel Monkey (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjygHyVM28g&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

62.  Johnny Hates Jazz - Shattered Dreams (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctwqa3QCwMw&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

63.  Joyce Sims - Come into my life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_H23dEmO4Y&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

64.  Kate Bush - Babooshka - Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xckBwPdo1c&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

65.  Kate Bush - Cloudbusting - Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pllRW9wETzw&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

66.  Kate Bush - Experiment IV - Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTUcoR8_pyE&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

67.  Kate Bush - Running Up That Hill - Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp43OdtAAkM&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

68.  Laid Back - Sunshine Reggae (Official Video) VideoMusic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tJEd7FEHts&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

69.  Lionel Richie - All Night Long (All Night).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqAvFx3NxUM&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

70.  Love Don't Bother Me - Stage Dolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10SUH-5ny1Q&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

71.  Love is a Battlefield by Pat Benatar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjY_uSSncQw&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

72.  Madonna - Into The Groove (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52iW3lcpK5M&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

73.  Madonna - Like A Virgin (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s__rX_WL100&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

74.  Madonna - Open Your Heart (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snsTmi9N9Gs&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

75.  Mai Tai - History video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tfq3GtS-5lk&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

76.  Malcolm McLaren - Double Dutch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rt6Co7EMNCU&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

77.  MARRS - Pump Up The Volume (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9gOQgfPW4Y&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

78.  Mary Jane Girls - In My House.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HP0_hkRV-zs&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

79.  MC Miker G & DJ Sven - Holiday Rap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LtYaCm5njY&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

80.  Men At Work - Down Under (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfR9iY5y94s&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

81.  Michael Jackson - Bad (Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUXAEzaC3Q&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

82.  Michael Jackson - Beat It (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRdxUFDoQe0&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

83.  Michael Jackson - Leave Me Alone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crbFmpezO4A&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

84.  Michael Jackson - Thriller (Official Video - Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4V90AmXnguw&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

85.  Midnight Oil - Beds Are Burning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejorQVy3m8E&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

86.  Modern Talking - Brother Louie (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp2qcCrdBLA&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

87.  Modern Talking - You're My Heart, You're My Soul (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kHl4FoK1Ys&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

88.  Musical Youth   Pass the Dutchie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFtLONl4cNc&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

89.  New Order live, 1983, 'Blue Monday'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BV7LKjTV5oI&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

90.  Olivia Newton-John - Physical (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWz9VN40nCA&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

91.  Opus - Live is Life ( HQ Version ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTpi6ISKwOY&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

92.  Paul Hardcastle - 19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3LdMAqUMnM&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

93.  Paula Abdul - Straight Up (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=El1kgCqD7Xk&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

94.  Peter Gabriel - Big Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBAl9cchQac&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

95.  Peter Gabriel - Sledgehammer (HD version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJWJE0x7T4Q&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

96.  Phil Collins - In The Air Tonight (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkADj0TPrJA&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

97.  Phil Collins Against All Odds (Official Music Video 1984).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWSQS06i7-w&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

98.  Philip Bailey, Phil Collins - Easy Lover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkRKT6T0QLg&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

99.  Propaganda - pMachinery (HQ Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MapU9C5pw8Q&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

100.  Queen - I Want To Break Free (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eM8Ss28zjcE&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

101.  Queen - Who Wants To Live Forever (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Jtpf8N5IDE&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

102.  R.E.M. - Stand (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKKqLl_ZEEY&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

103.  Ray Parker Jr. - Ghostbusters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fe93CLbHjxQ&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

104.  RED BOX - For America (Official Promotional Video - 1986).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcOA213iIDs&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

105.  Robert Palmer - Addicted To Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcATvu5f9vE&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

106.  RUN DMC - Walk This Way (Official HD Video) ft. Aerosmith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4B_UYYPb-Gk&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

107.  Sade - No Ordinary Love - Official - 1992.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WcWHZc8s2I&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

108.  Sade - Smooth Operator - Official - 1984.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TYv2PhG89A&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

109.  Sade - The Sweetest Taboo - Official - 1985.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcPc18SG6uA&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

110.  Salt-N-Pepa - Push It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCadcBR95oU&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

111.  Sananda Maitreya - Wishing Well (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynIHsHYaig0&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

112.  Sigue Sigue Sputnik - Love Missile F1-11 (1986).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfHxsjH0bUI&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

113.  Simple Minds - Alive And Kicking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljIQo1OHkTI&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

114.  Simply Red - Holding Back The Years (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG07WSu7Q9w&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

115.  Siouxsie And The Banshees - The Passenger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nAON-MwUPY&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

116.  Sister Sledge - Frankie ( EXCLUSIVE OFFICIAL VIDEO ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Tl-c_puzbM&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

117.  Stan Ridgway - Camouflage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFYxCIr-Byo&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

118.  System of Survival by Earth, Wind & Fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHrHzCrJXww&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

119.  T'Pau - Heart And Soul (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwrYMWoqg5w&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

120.  Talking Heads - Wild Wild Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NXkM8PsPXs&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

121.  Tarzan Boy  -  Baltimora  (HQ Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8pYwJ8fKMY&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

122.  Taylor Dayne - Tell It to My Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud6sU3AclT4&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

123.  Tears For Fears - Everybody Wants To Rule The World (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGCdLKXNF3w&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

124.  Tears For Fears - Sowing The Seeds Of Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAtGOESO7W8&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

125.  The Bangles - Manic Monday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsmVgoXDq2w&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

126.  The Christians 'Ideal World'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7_zfivvmwU&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

127.  The Communards - Don't Leave Me This Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mlpxOaQinE&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

128.  The Human League - Don't You Want Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPudE8nDog0&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

129.  The Pointer Sisters - I'm So Excited.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iwBM_YB1sE&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

130.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

131.  The Pretenders - Don't Get Me Wrong HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRaO9112mco&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

132.  The Specials - Ghost Town [Official HD Remastered Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZ2oXzrnti4&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

133.  The Stranglers - Golden Brown (TOTP 1982).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-W4LvJ2tdvk&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

134.  The Weather Girls - It's Raining Men (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5aZJBLAu1E&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

135.  Thompson Twins - Don't Mess with Doctor Dream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Hc9vttzXGM&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

136.  Timbuk 3 - The Future's So Bright.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qrriKcwvlY&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

137.  Tina Turner - Private Dancer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4QnalIHlVc&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

138.  Tom Petty - Free Fallin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWJXDG2i0A&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

139.  Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers - Don't Come Around Here No More (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0JvF9vpqx8&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

140.  Toyah - I Want To Be Free.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCHEO477u44&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

141.  Tracey Ullman They Don't Know.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQyYYH8YHZw&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

142.  Twisted Sister - I Wanna Rock (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRwrg0db_zY&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

143.  UB40 - Red Red Wine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXt56MB-3vc&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

144.  Ultravox - Vienna (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJeWySiuq1I&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

145.  USA for Africa - We Are The World (wM.Jackson) + Lyrics HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2W4-0qUdHY&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

146.  Van Halen - Jump (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwYN7mTi6HM&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

147.  Vanity 6 Nasty Girl HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQQdA2aat2k&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

148.  Weird Al Yankovic - Like A Surgeon (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=notKtAgfwDA&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

149.  Wham! - Bad Boys (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hktHI4fGydE&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

150.  Wham! - Club Tropicana (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYX0sjP6Za8&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

151.  Wham! - Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIgZ7gMze7A&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

152.  Whitney Houston - I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eH3giaIzONA&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

153.  Will to Power - Baby I Love Your Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79r_XaUU7yE&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt

154.  Yazoo - Don't Go.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VML1u8KJjEo&list=PLfOVYq9bSDAG9K4eP9cMyM-h-uJRkbokt
80s Classic Music Videos - Retro Nostalgia Hits Galore