
1.  .ahk


2.  Abiu.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abiu

3.  Ackee.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ackee

4.  African custard-apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annona_senegalensis

5.  African locust bean.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_locust_bean

6.  Aglaia teysmanniana.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aglaia_teysmanniana

7.  American persimmon.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_persimmon

8.  Annona conica.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annona_conica

9.  Asam gelugur.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garcinia_atroviridis

10.  Asam kelubi.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eleiodoxa

11.  Atemoya.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atemoya

12.  Babaco.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Babaco

13.  Bacuri.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Platonia

14.  Bael.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aegle_marmelos

15.  Banana.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banana

16.  Bilimbi.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bilimbi

17.  Biribá.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rollinia_deliciosa

18.  Black apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_apple

19.  Black sapote.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_sapote

20.  Brazilian guava.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazilian_guava

21.  Breadfruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breadfruit

22.  Breadnut.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artocarpus_camansi

23.  Burahol.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burahol

24.  Burdekin plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burdekin_plum

25.  Burmese grape.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burmese_grape

26.  Button mangosteen.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Button_mangosteen

27.  Cacao.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theobroma_cacao

28.  Cainito.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cainito

29.  Canistel.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canistel

30.  Cashew apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cashew_apple

31.  Cawesh.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cawesh

32.  Cempedak.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cempedak

33.  Charichuelo.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charichuelo

34.  Cherimoya.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cherimoya

35.  Cluster fig.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cluster_fig

36.  Costa rican guava.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psidium_friedrichsthalianum

37.  Courbaril.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hymenaea_courbaril

38.  Cupuaçu.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cupua%C3%A7u

39.  Custard apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annona_reticulata

40.  Davidson's plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Davidsonia_jerseyana

41.  Dead man's fingers.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decaisnea

42.  Desert fig.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desert_fig

43.  Doub palm fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borassus_flabellifer

44.  Duguetia confinis.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Duguetia_confinis&action=edit&redlink=1

45.  Duguetia spixiana.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Duguetia_spixiana&action=edit&redlink=1

46.  Durian.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Durian

47.  Elephant apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dillenia_indica

48.  Feijoa.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feijoa

49.  Ficus carrii.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ficus_carrii&action=edit&redlink=1

50.  Fig.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ficus_carica

51.  Gamboge.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garcinia_morella

52.  Garcinia cambogia.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garcinia_cambogia

53.  Garcinia forbesii.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Garcinia_forbesii&action=edit&redlink=1

54.  Giant granadilla.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giant_granadilla

55.  Glenniea philippinensis.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Glenniea_philippinensis&action=edit&redlink=1

56.  Guava.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guava

57.  G?c.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/G%E1%BA%A5c

58.  Hala fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pandanus_tectorius

59.  Hydnora abyssinica.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hydnora_abyssinica&action=edit&redlink=1

60.  Ice-cream bean.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inga_edulis

61.  Ilama.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annona_diversifolia

62.  Jackfruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jackfruit

63.  Jícara.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crescentia_cujete

64.  Keluak.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pangium_edule

65.  Kola nut.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kola_nut

66.  Kundong.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garcinia_parvifolia

67.  Lardizabala.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lardizabala

68.  Luóhàn guo.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siraitia_grosvenorii

69.  Lúcuma.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L%C3%BAcuma

70.  Malabar plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syzygium_jambos

71.  Mammee.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mammea_americana

72.  Marolo.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annona_crassiflora

73.  Maypop.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maypop

74.  Menteng.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Menteng_(fruit)&action=edit&redlink=1

75.  Monkey fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artocarpus_lacucha

76.  Monkey jackfruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artocarpus_rigidus

77.  Monkeypod.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pithecellobium_dulce

78.  Monstera deliciosa.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monstera_deliciosa

79.  Mountain soursop.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mountain_soursop

80.  Mundu.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garcinia_dulcis

81.  Naranjilla.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Naranjilla

82.  Natal orange.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natal_orange

83.  Noni.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noni

84.  Ooray.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ooray

85.  Papaya.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Papaya

86.  Passiflora platyloba.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Passiflora_platyloba&action=edit&redlink=1

87.  Passionfruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Passionfruit

88.  Pawpaw.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asimina_triloba

89.  Pepino.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solanum_muricatum

90.  Persimmon.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Persimmon

91.  Pineapple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pineapple

92.  Pomegranate.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomegranate

93.  Pond apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pond_apple

94.  Purple mangosteen.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purple_mangosteen

95.  Red fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pandanus_conoideus

96.  Salak.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salak

97.  Sandpaper fig.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ficus_coronata

98.  Santol.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandoricum_koetjape

99.  Smooth davidson's plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Davidsonia_johnsonii

100.  Soncoya.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annona_purpurea

101.  Soursop.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soursop

102.  South american sapote.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quararibea_cordata

103.  Star fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Averrhoa_carambola

104.  Strangler fig.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ficus_aurea

105.  Sugar-apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sugar-apple

106.  Sweet granadilla.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sweet_granadilla

107.  Sycamore fig.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sycamore_fig

108.  Tamarind.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tamarind

109.  Terap.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terap

110.  Trichosanthes beccariana.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Trichosanthes_beccariana&action=edit&redlink=1

111.  Vanilla.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vanilla_planifolia

112.  Velvet apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diospyros_discolor

113.  White fig.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ficus_virens

114.  Wild jack.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artocarpus_hirsutus

115.  Wood-apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limonia_acidissima

116.  Yellow granadilla.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Yellow_granadilla&action=edit&redlink=1
6 Tropical and tropical-like fruit