

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Night_Spice_market_in_Casablanca.JPG

Abelmoschus moschatus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abelmoschus_moschatus

Achillea millefolium
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Achillea_millefolium

Afghanistan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afghan_cuisine

Aframomum corrorima
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aframomum_corrorima

Ajwain
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ajwain

Alexanders
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexanders

Alkanna tinctoria
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alkanna_tinctoria

Alligator pepper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alligator_pepper

Allspice
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allspice

Alpinia galanga
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alpinia_galanga

Ancient Greek cuisine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_Greek_cuisine

Ancient Roman cuisine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ancient_Roman_cuisine

Angelica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angelica

Anise
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anise

Annatto
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annatto

aperitifs
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aperitif

Artemisia absinthium
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artemisia_absinthium

Artemisia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artemisia_(genus)

Asafoetida
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asafoetida

Australia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_cuisine

Avocado
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avocado

Backhousia citriodora
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backhousia_citriodora

Backhousia myrtifolia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backhousia_myrtifolia

Bali
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balinese_cuisine

Barberry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barberry

Basil, Holy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holy_basil

Basil, lemon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lemon_Basil

Basil, Thai
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thai_basil

Basil
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basil

Bay leaf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laurus_nobilis

beers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beer

Berberis
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berberis

Blue fenugreek
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trigonella_caerulea

Boldo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boldo

Borage
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Borage

Brassica hirta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brassica_hirta

Brassica juncea
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brassica_juncea

Brassica nigra
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brassica_nigra

Brazil
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazil

Bunium persicum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bunium_persicum

C. flexuosus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cymbopogon_flexuosus

California bay laurel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_bay_laurel

Cambodia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambodian_cuisine

Canella winterana
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canella_winterana

Caper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caper

Capsicum annuum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capsicum_annuum

Caraway
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caraway

Cardamom, black
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_cardamom

Cardamom
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cardamom

Catnip
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catnip

Cayenne pepper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cayenne_pepper

Celery
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Celery

Ceratonia siliqua
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ceratonia_siliqua

Chervil
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chervil

Chicory
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chicory

Chili pepper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chili_pepper

China
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_cuisine

Chives
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chives

Cicely
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cicely

Cilantro
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cilantro#Leaves

Cinnamomum aromaticum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cinnamomum_aromaticum

Cinnamomum burmannii
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cinnamomum_burmannii

Cinnamomum loureiroi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cinnamomum_loureiroi

Cinnamomum tamala
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cinnamomum_tamala

Cinnamon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saigon_Cinnamon

Clove
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clove

Coleus amboinicus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coleus_amboinicus

Coriander, Vietnamese
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vietnamese_coriander

Coriander
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coriander_(spice)

Cubeb
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cubeb

Cudweed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cudweed

Cumin
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cumin

Curry leaf
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curry_tree

Cymbopogon citratus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cymbopogon_citratus

Cymbopogon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cymbopogon

Cyperus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyperus

Deulkkae
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deulkkae

Dill seed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dill_seed

Dill
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dill

Dysphania ambrosioides
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dysphania_ambrosioides

edit
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=List_of_culinary_herbs_and_spices&action=edit§ion=2

Egypt
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Egyptian_cuisine

Elsholtzia ciliata
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elsholtzia_ciliata

Eritrea
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eritrean_cuisine

Eryngium foetidum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eryngium_foetidum

Ethiopia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethiopian_cuisine

Etlingera elatior
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Etlingera_elatior

Eucalyptus dives
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eucalyptus_dives

Eucalyptus olida
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eucalyptus_olida

Eucalyptus staigeriana
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eucalyptus_staigeriana

Fennel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fennel

Fenugreek
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fenugreek

Filé powder
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fil%C3%A9_powder

Fingerroot
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fingerroot

fortified wines
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortified_wine

Galangal, greater
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greater_galangal

Galangal, lesser
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lesser_galangal

Galium odoratum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galium_odoratum

Garcinia gummi-gutta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garcinia_gummi-gutta

Garcinia indica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garcinia_indica

Garlic chives
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garlic_chives

Garlic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Garlic

Geum urbanum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geum_urbanum

Ginger
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ginger

Gnaphalium
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gnaphalium

Golpar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golpar

Grains of paradise
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grains_of_paradise

Grains of Selim
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grains_of_Selim

Group
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cultivar_Group

Hatch
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hatch,_New_Mexico

Helichrysum italicum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Helichrysum_italicum

Horseradish
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horseradish

Houttuynia cordata
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Houttuynia

Hyssop
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyssopus_officinalis

I. florentina
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iris_florentina

I. pallida
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iris_pallida

India
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_cuisine

Indian confectionery
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indian_sweets

Indonesia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indonesian_cuisine

Iran
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iranian_cuisine

Iris germanica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iris_germanica

Italy
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Italian_cuisine

Jakhya
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jakhya

Jalapeño
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jalape%C3%B1o

Jasmine
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jasmine

Java
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Javanese_cuisine

Jiaogulan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jiaogulan

Jimbu
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jimbu

Juniper berry
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juniper_berry

Kaempferia galanga
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaempferia_galanga

Kaffir lime
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaffir_lime

Kawakawa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kawakawa_(tree)

Kkaennip
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kkaennip

Lanxangia tsaoko
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lanxangia_tsaoko

Lavender
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lavender

Lemon balm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lemon_balm

Lemon verbena
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lemon_verbena

Leptotes bicolor
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leptotes_bicolor

Lesser calamint
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lesser_Calamint

Licorice
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Licorice

Limnophila aromatica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Limnophila_aromatica

Lippia abyssinica
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lippia_abyssinica

Lippia graveolens
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lippia_graveolens

Lovage
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lovage

Mahleb
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahleb

Marjoram
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marjoram

Mastic
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mastic_(resin)

Mentha spicata
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mentha_spicata

Mentha
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mentha

Mexico
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexican_cuisine

Monascus purpureus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monascus_purpureus

mustard plant
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mustard_plant

mustard seed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mustard_seed

Mustard, black
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_mustard

Mustard, white
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_mustard

Nepal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nepalese_cuisine

New Mexico chile
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Mexico_chile

New Mexico
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Mexico

New Zealand
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Zealand_cuisine

Nigella sativa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigella_sativa

Njangsa
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Njangsa

Nutmeg
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nutmeg

Oregano
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oregano

Orris root
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Orris_root

Pakistan
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pakistani_cuisine

Pandanus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pandanus

Pangium edule
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pangium_edule

Papaver somniferum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Papaver_somniferum

Paprika
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paprika

Paracress
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paracress

Paraguay
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paraguayan_cuisine

Parsley
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parsley

Pennyroyal
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mentha_pulegium

Pepper, Brazilian
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazilian_pepper

Pepper, Dorrigo
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dorrigo_Pepper

Pepper, long
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Long_Pepper

Pepper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_pepper

Peppermint
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peppermint

Perilla frutescens
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perilla_frutescens

Perilla
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Perilla

Peruvian pepper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peruvian_pepper

Piper auritum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piper_auritum

Pistacia lentiscus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pistacia_lentiscus

Poppy seed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poppy_seed

Porophyllum linaria
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porophyllum_linaria

Porophyllum ruderale
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porophyllum_ruderale

Pseudowintera colorata
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pseudowintera_colorata

Purslane
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purslane

Quassia amara
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quassia_amara

Rosemary
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosemary

Rue
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rue

Rumex acetosella
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rumex_acetosella

Safflower
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Safflower

Saffron
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saffron

Sage
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_sage

Salad burnet
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salad_burnet

Salep
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salep

Salvia sclarea
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salvia_sclarea

Sambucus
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sambucus

Sassafras
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sassafras

Savory, summer
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Summer_savory

Savory, winter
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winter_savory

Sesame Seed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sesame_Seed

Shiso
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shiso

Silphium
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silphium

Sinapis alba
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sinapis_alba

Solanum centrale
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solanum_centrale

Sorrel
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sorrel

South America
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_American_cuisine

South Asia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Asian_cuisine

Southeast Asia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southeast_Asia

southern Brazil
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazilian_cuisine

Spikenard
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spikenard

Star anise
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Star_anise

Sumac
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sumac

Syzygium anisatum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syzygium_anisatum

Syzygium polyanthum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syzygium

Szechuan pepper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Szechuan_pepper

Tagetes minuta
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tagetes_minuta

Tanacetum balsamita
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tanacetum_balsamita

Tarragon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tarragon

Tasmanian pepper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tasmanian_pepper

Tasmannia lanceolata
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tasmannia_lanceolata

Thailand
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thai_cuisine

Thyme, lemon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lemon_Thyme

Thyme
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thyme

Thymus serpyllum
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thymus_serpyllum

Tilia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tilia

Trachyspermum ammi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trachyspermum_ammi

Turmeric
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turmeric

use of saffron
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saffron_(use)

Vanilla
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vanilla

Vietnam
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vietnamese_cuisine

Voatsiperifery
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voatsiperifery

Wasabi
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wasabi

Water-pepper
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Water-pepper

Watercress
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watercress

Wattleseed
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wattleseed

Willow herb
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epilobium_parviflorum

Wintergreen
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wintergreen

Yerba buena
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yerba_buena

Za'atar
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Za%27atar

Zedoary
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zedoary
Culinary Herbs and Spices