
1.  Jen's Slow Cooker Chicken Chili Recipe (Mexican Inspired).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOCyeObHlb8

2.  Quick Recipe  Jen's Vegan Lentil Soup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhNypVl0Jto

3.  Slow Cooker Chicken and Sausage Gumbo Recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfVqzx8o7po

4.  Slow Cooker Sunday Bacon and Potato Soup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6ePfWs_uIg

5.  Slow Cooker Sunday Beef and Broccoli.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSUn_yjFMkM

6.  Slow Cooker Sunday Chicken Cacciatore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uRW5WAncBA

7.  Slow Cooker Sunday Chicken Stew with Cornmeal Dumplings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lT0SkAmxP0

8.  Slow Cooker Sunday Chicken Tortilla Soup with Homemade Tortilla Strips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxNZgExxOzM

9.  Slow Cooker Sunday Creole Chicken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGZuXuFviVE

10.  Slow Cooker Sunday Easy Bacon Ranch Chicken Tacos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VX_JFIhdC_8

11.  Slow Cooker Sunday Easy Rice Meatballs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgDOcDyrzQc

12.  Slow Cooker Sunday Honey Sesame Chicken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrwbAsdj3CU

13.  Slow Cooker Sunday Hungarian Beef Goulash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7_1oFvfvvs

14.  Slow Cooker Sunday Jen's Beef Stew and Gluten Free Dumplings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq7mMgG7GfI

15.  Slow Cooker Sunday Jen's Chicken and Pasta Soup Recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-EA-AU2TwM

16.  Slow Cooker Sunday Mexican Lasagna.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWbEcqdc4Pc

17.  Slow Cooker Sunday Parmesan Honey Pork Roast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLTi9-3LF-c

18.  Slow Cooker Sunday Pepper Steak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bdg52zyNRsY

19.  Slow Cooker Sunday Pesto Ranch Chicken Thighs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaKjI5sKIog

20.  Slow Cooker Sunday Santa Fe Chicken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMznLLGlvxo

21.  Slow Cooker Sunday Shredded Pork Tacos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EfJ4LtNSQw

22.  Slow Cooker Sunday Taco Chili.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F449QC8w5tY

23.  Slow Cooker Sunday Thai Chicken Thighs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajshyy0OznE

24.  Slow Cooker Sunday Thai Pork with Peanut Sauce.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTKISe_xGnI

25.  Slow Cooker Sunday Zesty Barbecued Chicken Sandwiches.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF3fe5_XRmQ
Slow Cooker Recipes  Crock Pot Recipes