
1.  10 Life Changing Positive Affirmations! (VERY Powerful).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeqnVU7Dnpw

2.  3 Signs You're on the Right Path in Life!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTAYdRdOM9U

3.  3 Signs Your Third Eye is Opening!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sHlBhBSdC4

4.  3 YEAR OLD REVEALS SECRETS OF THE UNIVERSE!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAQRaQW4xnA

5.  4 Proven Methods on How to Open Your Third Eye!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwJxlbdGMCw

6.  5 Easy Ways to Improve Your Life! (Starting Today).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAdKR3f3SGA

7.  5 Years Sober. (What Overcoming Drug Addiction is Like).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zamv_mRhoMo

8.  6 Quotes That Will Change Your Life! (& Changed Mine).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVDcP1pteRE

9.  6 Signs You're on the Right Path! (How to Always Know).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e14edkLqQ5E

10.  7 Signs You’re an Empath! (Are You One).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHI71Mu0OPs

11.  A Lesson in Detachment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7xJwyDJf1Q

12.  A Message from the Universe to YOU..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0C9tlxocQs

13.  A Message From the Universe! (Reality Shifting).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcYCKB7TT1g

14.  A Warning for Spiritual Seekers! (The Veil of Ignorance).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oh4e6WhW2lI

15.  Absurdism! (Loving the Mystery of Existence).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujYJnRrsygk

16.  Advaita Vedanta! (The Greatest Philosophy on Earth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jq_ckleRk30

17.  Alan Watts! (Living Beyond Society) World's Greatest Teachers #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVoUGTRddTQ

18.  Alan Watts' 5 Secrets to Loving Life!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2ZGrnDL8Uo

19.  Am I Vegan.. (Confronting My Mistakes - A Story).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pC-ItGa4-M

20.  An Important Coronavirus Message! (Don't Beat Yourself Up).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pv35YAGAdqk

21.  Are We ALONE in the Universe! (The Hidden Truth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bwf4RmVEcoE

22.  Are We Living in a Matrix! ( The Shocking Reality of Maya).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxsLVwM9ewQ

23.  Are YOU a Lightworker (Here's How to Tell!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtDPqTGUJYk

24.  Are You an Old Soul! (Here's How to Tell) - Koi Fresco.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RU_embJ7tQ

25.  Are You Done With Life (Watch This).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaePpdkASYE

26.  Are You Lost in Life WATCH THIS! (Life Changing Guidance) Swami Sarvadevananda.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRZQVqqc7AU

27.  Are Your Friends Real or Fake! (The Capgras Delusion).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cff09VPCTm0

28.  Ask Koi! (Dreadlocks, Dropping Out of School & More...) Q&A Session #5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keuyfPMAt48

29.  Ask Koi! (Dying, Having Kids & More!) Q&A Session #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdPOPvJHFng

30.  Ask Koi! (Question & Answer Session #1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwAsOsJIk0k

31.  Ask Koi! (Question & Answer Session #2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFsTTmnuzq0

32.  ASMR! (What It Is, Methods & More...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Mc-Pr8A4lg

33.  Astral Projection! (and How to Do it)  A New & Improved Guide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5-IJTSz9n8

34.  Astral Projection! (and How to Do It).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGkmqu_GdVo

35.  Astral Projection! (Is It Dangerous).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x15NmNoHhEc

36.  Atheism! (What if God DOESN'T Exist).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvfYjRzVy3U

37.  Auras! (And How to TRULY See Them!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cim04P6J1iY

38.  Be a Lion! Not a Dog... InspirationalSpiritual Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Gy45xV9slc

39.  Bhakti Yoga! (Becoming ENLIGHTENED Through LOVE)  Hinduism for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pY2KqXyA8JA

40.  Binaural Beats for Beginners! (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zNE28do7_s

41.  Binaural Beats How to Hack Your Mind Using Brain Waves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZGvbqhJUoQ

42.  Biocentrism! (How You Create the Universe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WyJtG5vBF0

43.  Body Language! (And How to Read It).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xu_MAFaV_C4

44.  Brain in a Vat Theory! (Do We Really Exist).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-lqgjRGd7Y

45.  Breathing Exercise High! (Hack Your Body with this Ancient Exercise) Version 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azBU5r2ToCc

46.  Buddhism Explained in 60 Seconds!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W14MDVU3rgY

47.  Buddhism VS. Hinduism! (What’s the Difference).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vcsph1q4ewk

48.  Can Meat-Eaters Be Spiritual (How Diet Shapes Your Soul).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTIeAZh0heE

49.  CBD Explained! (The Benefits & Effects of Cannabidiol).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhrJHGTpnpI

50.  Christ Consciousness Explained!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOqndgewzv4

51.  Crystal Healing! (Does it Really Work).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6sinnsiUYM

52.  Crystals! (What They Are & How They Help Us).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Vd5FSeVTPM

53.  Cultural Appropriation! (What it IS & ISN’T) Dreadlocks, Bindis & More.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyjXVYwQokg

54.  Curing Anxiety with Meditation! (Healing the Mind).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9qPC6oxFa4

55.  Dealing with Depression! (Six Steps to Overcoming It).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrVj6ABZMqM

56.  Dealing with Let DownsDisappointment! (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDWCEn0bJcs

57.  DEAR KANYE WEST (An Important Message).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7RGgaoUHaU

58.  Do Aliens Exist (Fermi's Paradox).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fa-wQdXat2I

59.  Do Demons Exist! (& How to Defeat Them).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7Pvvom10YQ

60.  Do We Have A Soul! (The Ancient Answer to Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhIkXW3OjbA

61.  Do We Have Free Will (How Understanding it Can Change Your Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSM_Un5FqWA

62.  Do We Live in a Negative World! (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKUnM0G4-qE

63.  Do We Live in a Simulation! (The Hidden Truth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btiEVxJLTAM

64.  Does Consciousness Survive Death! (Taking A Closer Look).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydjZiyw5wNs

65.  Does Love Really Exist (The Science & Truth Behind Love!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HU1i4DBt_js

66.  Does Luck Really Exist (Understanding Causality & Probability).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ebu42dm1aA

67.  Does Sadness Affect Spirituality! (The Important Truth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=096Lx-1A7Yg

68.  Does The Past Define Us (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsgPlwb_AxY

69.  Dying Into Life (Where I've Been for 2 Months).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2qiM7K2sCs

70.  Existence! (and the Illusion of Self).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eoI_YYuR2ag

71.  Existentialism! (The True Reality of Being).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwcAIeIte_s

72.  Falling Off the Spiritual Path! (& How to Get Back On It).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhD22SlRgOU

73.  From Silence Comes Enlightenment. (How a Quiet Mind Can Meet God)  Full Lecture ~ Koi Fresco.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcT76FC2bZ0

74.  Get High Instantly! (An Ancient Technique for Hacking Your Body).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IdxuvNX-Ag

75.  Getting Help... (Struggles & the Importance of Healing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xunnTCBh51w

76.  Give Back! (MUSIC VIDEO) - Koi Fresco, Jungle Man Sam & Moon Hawk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHZL0XT70Mw

77.  Guided Meditation! (for Friends. Lovers & Family) Partner Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F54ropS31Vw

78.  Guided Vipassana Meditation! (with Koi Fresco).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmFsmInZOE4

79.  Hedonism! (A Life of Pleasure, Sex & More).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xdFJwuM8HE

80.  Hinduism! (The World's Oldest Religion Explained).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POnrV7BuX5U

81.  How Astral Projection Changed My Life! (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1JaCa922Kc

82.  How LSD Affects Your Brain! (The Science of Tripping).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDlAiAfHdjY

83.  How The Government is Spying on YOU! (Stingray Surveillance & Your 4th Amendment Rights).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXcIFjIWpVE

84.  How the Universe Began! (Is Science Wrong).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k48IBAyVAA

85.  How to Access Christ Consciousness! (a.k.a Super-Consciousness).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKvUDk0w2eY

86.  How to Access Parallel Realities! (& Change Your Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X20wci_vq28

87.  How to Astral Project! (My Most Used Method).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qw_69q-v8Y

88.  How to Attract Spiritual Friends! (and Change Your Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RAwjCYSDbo

89.  How to Attract the Right People! (& Find Your True Family).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bizING9ZDbE

90.  How to Awaken the Buddha Within YOU!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VQOJKPefQE

91.  How to Awaken Your INNER CHILD (& Actually ENJOY Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpRCSYTVNBc

92.  How to Balance Spirituality & Social Media.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMd5IAn8qaM

93.  How to Be Confident! (and Defeat Your Fears).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMH1LtwgGQk

94.  How to Be Happy! (Understanding Happiness).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpvNa2q_1BE

95.  How to be Open-Minded to ANYTHING!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DchcY55dxpc

96.  How to Be Self-Employed! (Become Your Own Boss).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hDFJGE-1aQ

97.  How to Become Enlightened (The Ancient Method of Negation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCuNT1m0kGc

98.  How to Break Up... (The Conscious Way).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8K4-tWMn7k

99.  How to Clear Your Mind in 5 Minutes..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PBR0d6uL8s

100.  How to Control Your Ego! (7 Simple Steps).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuY2H2NIznY

101.  How to CONTROL YOUR EMOTIONS! (& Live a Happier Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNFZBw4nepk

102.  How to Cultivate an Eastern Mind in a Western World!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0Drv2S7D1s

103.  How to Cure Boredom FOREVER..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9erlQNFyrI

104.  How to Cure Laziness FOREVER..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNS5k9NMK7U

105.  How to Drop Out of School, Succeed & Survive!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Q2wPzhv-EE

106.  How to Enjoy Being Alone! (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFHnFLKdOFk

107.  How to Escape Materialism! (and Truly Enjoy Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzJwd8HCKk0

108.  How to Escape the 9-5 Life! (Break OUT of the Matrix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYsmwJfNuo4

109.  How to Escape the Matrix! (& Free Your Mind).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynwOM1Jliao

110.  How to Escape Your Cultural Programming! (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42pU5eF95AY

111.  How to Find Inner Peace! (My Top 5 Methods) - Koi Fresco.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzBgFWJue68

112.  How to Find Your Path in Life! (& Live Fully).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRBR2ZkWW5M

113.  How to Go Vegan Today! (A Beginner's Guide to Veganism).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ed1-6I73di8

114.  How to Hallucinate Naturally! (Closed Eye Visuals).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiVj1yVyAWY

115.  How to Have a Natural Ego-Death!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqFGHaOjlIU

116.  How to Have a Spiritual Awakening! (5 Steps Proven to Work).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrFcXb9p52M

117.  How to Have an EGO DEATH! (& Change Your Life Forever).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4z-GtZpqyCo

118.  How to Increase Your Intelligence ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-YAMlpfqY8

119.  How to Increase Your Intelligence! (Life Changing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6DrVDEFt0U

120.  How to Instantly Relieve Stress (60 Seconds or Less).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEu44OERpiY

121.  How to Live in The Moment! (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEdPU-gF4Aw

122.  How to LOVE EVERYONE (& Grow Spiritually).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MH8gT8ADNc

123.  How to Love EVERYONE! (All the Time).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-aCOwom1nQ

124.  How to LOVE Yourself! (& Awaken Your Heart)   Full Lecture ~ Koi Fresco.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_Hg1adBC-0

125.  How to Lucid Dream! (Simple to Use Techniques).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrCQ_LawYzs

126.  How to Make 2018 YOUR Year! (My Top Motivational Methods).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGrG7kwTtGM

127.  HOW TO MAKE 2019 YOUR YEAR!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWSG6A_RVNs

128.  How to Make the Most of 2020!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwommSE70k8

129.  How to Manifest Your DREAM LIFE! (Law of AttractionSoul Awakening).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrxWGpp1aPs

130.  How to Meditate EVERY Time! (100`% Success Rate).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBC-lksKIaw

131.  How to Meditate INSTANTLY! (Fastest Known Method).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2GSBia5wRw

132.  How to Open Your Third Eye! (A Life Changing Awakening).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V58Y50Zkmxw

133.  How to Overcome Depression!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4r-x7ya49w

134.  How to Overcome NEGATIVE Energy! (with INFINITE WATERS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvdguqLOB6A

135.  How to Practice Buddhism! (The Complete Guide).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_oP4nyj6zQ

136.  How to Practice Hinduism The Complete Guide (Hinduism for Beginners).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qaopCZxNwo

137.  How to Practice Multiple Religions! (The Magic of Syncretism).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3p78ZDAPiM

138.  How to RAISE Your Vibration! (NO NEW-AGE NONSENSE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dmELEvoIgM

139.  How to Raise Your Vibration! (The Complete Guide).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCfRXl7rSgA

140.  How to Rewire Your Brain with Neuroplasticity! (5 Steps to Changing the Way Your Mind Works).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhxwmBueo-4

141.  How to STOP Fearing Death. (Full Lecture - Vishuddha Das).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87-Q2fDZ2hU

142.  How to Stop Getting Offended! (& Be Less Sensitive).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPyNv58nJp0

143.  How to Stop Hating & Start Loving! (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0hw4m_qETU

144.  How to Stop Overthinking! (& Live Peacefully).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfXkxERMLu4

145.  How to Stop Procrastinating (& Get Stuff Done).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yn456M33WYs

146.  How to Stop Smoking Weed! (& Improve Your Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2ayfBSGkrc

147.  How to Stop Suffering FOREVER! (Full Buddhist Lecture ~ Koi Fresco).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68iRHU_AeHE

148.  How to Stop Wasting Your Life! (A Guide to Success, Purpose & Peace).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8plvyf7xos

149.  How to Travel Full Time! (Answering Your Biggest Questions on Vanlife).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aESfett_-XQ

150.  How to Use Drugs for Spiritual Growth!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExIwmsoM0zk

151.  I Spent a MONTH on Magic Mushrooms! (My Experience).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Qzedcz35fE

152.  I Talked to God! (My Conversation with an Enlightened Being)  Baba Ram Dass.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbqNB4uuovQ

153.  I'm Deleting Myself. (An Explanation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9R2eY98hhaE

154.  I'm Leaving the Country! (MAJOR NEWS, WATCH THIS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKNIF-dUJ2E

155.  If You Can't Meditate, WATCH THIS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2G-By6mmIUc

156.  If You Hate Yourself Watch This..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1GG2kOsAY8

157.  If You Love Someone, WATCH THIS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUjbANtAb-U

158.  If You're Depressed, Watch This. (I'm Depressed).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Cc8Q_quuEk

159.  If You're Lost in Life WATCH THIS! (A Highly Effective Solution).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3sltPM5NAw

160.  If You're Not Happy, WATCH THIS! (1359260).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=296UeSOqZGw

161.  If You're Not Happy, WATCH THIS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUREmOL0kmU

162.  Immortality via Quantum Suicide! (How We Can Live Forever).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfcyihVIy7E

163.  Indigo Children! (& How to Tell if You’re One).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of6AwjTM324

164.  INSTANT Cure for Anxiety! (Peace of Mind in 3 Minutes or LESS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H74GTE0GLvY

165.  INTERVIEW WITH A MONK! (Devotion, Love, Krishna & More).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4OIbW2wIws

166.  INTERVIEW WITH HIPPIES FROM THE 1960s! (Gurus, Spirituality, Ram Dass & More... ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6O1igo7S9dE

167.  Intrinsic Motivation! 7 Steps to Motivate Yourself (and Achieve Your Dreams).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0phZdj_F3VU

168.  Is Astrology Real (Discovering the Truth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tTDgRFUrYU

169.  Is Life is a Game (According to Alan Watts) Human Reality Models Explained.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jN2EOcYCcYM

170.  Is Life is an Illusion! (Why You Might Not Exist).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9c9-8ST-SM

171.  Is Lucid Dreaming Dangerous (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZlfF1yS-Bk

172.  Is Sex Spiritual (The Honest Truth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfX4zsjE-yo

173.  Is Smoking Weed a Spiritual Practice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4oJmDq0BtQ

174.  Is the Law of Attraction Fake (Debate w Aaron Doughty).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAXP2VN3Y4E

175.  Is There an Afterlife (What Might Come Next).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81mdFQ7GCKA

176.  Is Veganism Pointless (This Might Change Your Mind).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHLtXuRJFu4

177.  Is Weed a Spiritual Tool (My Views on Cannabis).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YVfN9HyOaM

178.  Jainism! (The World's Most Peaceful Religion).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3TQShax8MY

179.  Jim Carrey's Spiritual Awakening Explained!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfU6mwdVq3I

180.  Karma & ReincarnationRebirth (Buddhism for Beginners Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aibQJaW9gjE

181.  Krishna's Love! (MUSIC VIDEO) - Koi Fresco & Moonhawk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkzkwJdx2fc

182.  Leaving Society... (with Stephi Lee).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJqUWaNdoTA

183.  Let's Talk About MONEY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5ToXGGpzn8

184.  Live LSD Trip Report! (Dimensional Beings, Sacred Geometry & More).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9g_Qu1Cf00

185.  Lucid Dreaming! (& How to Do It)  New & Improved Guide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puNYoufCwt0

186.  Lucid Dreaming! (and How to Do It).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJFujtC5nYs

187.  Magic Mushrooms! (A Guide to Tripping).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQjd535lLx0

188.  Materialism! (Leaving the Brainwashed World We Live In).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLzgNaAMGrk

189.  Meditation! (and How to Do It!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMeQ7aM-OXM

190.  Metatron's Cube (Sacred Geometry).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2yAgbpNCSk

191.  Microdosing! (Taking Psychedelics Every Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWSIyWXsKsc

192.  Minimalism! (Why Less Means More).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Fyo_uf6Q7A

193.  My Apartment! (A Look at Yogic Life & Minimalism).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_3jZg22cLU

194.  My Astral Projection Trip! #1 (Sentient Reptiles & Intense Exploration).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVEqRR_IE7k

195.  My Astral Projection Trip! #2 (Peace Pipes & Telepathic Entities).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FA_yO4UfTMg

196.  My Crash (& How I've Changed).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnNRi3kilQw

197.  My Drug Addiction Story! (Psychedelics, Sobriety & More).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InfupV6KCHI

198.  My Ego Death Experience! (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1enNASlpUQ

199.  My Favorite Morning Routine! (A Powerful Daily Practice).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gcyk30zwziQ

200.  My First LSD Experience! (How It Changed My Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVvZOAwI1Kg

201.  My First Sleep Paralysis Experience!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y54wZE8-8b4

202.  My KundaliniOut-of-Body Spiritual Awakening!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vwayMNzTe0

203.  My Life is Falling Apart... (What Should I Do).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZsWhw0RWPY

204.  My Morning Routine! (for Spiritual Living & Improvement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQ-bBql8bUg

205.  My Morning Routine! (for Spiritual Living).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2mlF_TPYY0

206.  My Morning Routine! (Perfect for Spiritual Beginners).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iDay3td85k

207.  My Spiritual Daily Routine! (Yoga, Meditation & More).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcELQc5oqM4

208.  Never Give Up! (for Those Who Feel Lost).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWz6-MOpZHM

209.  Nihilism! (The Death of God & Purpose).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29UawRseves

210.  Opening Up & the Future of This Channel. Please Watch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvLty57zWsE

211.  OSHORajneesh! (The Best AND Worst Teacher) World's Greatest Teachers #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NOw3js2sFM

212.  Overcoming Insecurities! (My Story Method to Accepting Yourself).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i-COI_hWIk

213.  Panspermia Theory! Did Life Originate on Mars (Theory Thursday Ep.6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzMOhgr13Ng

214.  Pantheism! (The Religion Where YOU Are God).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBH4c3MAACA

215.  Parallel Universes! The Berenstain Bears Conspiracy & More....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxcC-fK6VQ8

216.  Polyamory! (Dating Multiple People, Should You Try It) - Koi Fresco.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y42vTLhT-Xs

217.  Powerful 10 Minute Guided Meditation! (for Grounding, Anxiety & Stress).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJrVCGCzah8

218.  PROOF that Everything is Connected! (According to Science).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3sQg-2BB9o

219.  PROOF that Reality is a Simulation! (Full Lecture ~ Koi Fresco).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkbgvoQk6dc

220.  Psychedelics! (What They Are & Why We Do Them).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVFwQqwgyv0

221.  Psychedelics, Ram Dass & Spiritual Devotion! (A Conversation w Lucian Davis).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gju6_Sv_Znc

222.  Psychics! Are They Real (Exposing the Truth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kW1i1GMDnzg

223.  Rastafari! (Weed, Jah, Dreadlocks & More).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KU67TD5-Qfk

224.  Real Vs. Fake Spirituality! (How to Tell the Difference).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrP7x3Lo4yE

225.  Reincarnation! (Do We Live Multiple Lives!) Hinduism for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyOIg6BjacY

226.  Religion Vs. Spirituality! (The Differences & Which We Need More).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfR5XeGt-5E

227.  Rest in Peace Baba Ram Dass (1931-2019).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-CleVyEZ9A

228.  Revealing a 5 Year Secret... (Please Watch).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3U3wttk_Kj0

229.  Satanism! (The Worst Religion on Earth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1SYTP3JjTec

230.  Saturnalia The Dark Origins of Christmas! (Pagan Rituals, Sacrifices & More).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1LlllQrvY0

231.  Scientology! (The World's Craziest New Religion).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXtD5zvO_Xo

232.  Sensory Deprivation Tanks (My Experience).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sexEzNlM-T0

233.  Sex & Spirituality! (A Sacred Connection).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B92Z1LyHPlE

234.  Shamanism! (DMT, Spiritual Exploration & More).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2whQqG6o_A

235.  Should You Become a Monk (Views on a Monastic Life) ft. Daniel Christopher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FD2aNjSR5tQ

236.  Should You Go to College! (A Dropout's Perspective).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCuc6cuP0cA

237.  Sleep Paralysis! (What it is & How to Turn it into a Lucid Dream).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXAc4h8gRF4

238.  Solipsism How Only You Exist! (Theory Thursday Ep.5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjvw4a__R3c

239.  Soul Mates! (& How to Find Yours).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fe3zQyG2pkA

240.  Spirit Guides! (Are They Real & What Do They Mean).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7iaaye34zo

241.  Spiritual Burnout! (Why it Happens & How to Avoid it).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dGD3yPYcK8

242.  Spiritual Depression... (The Hardest Part of Waking Up).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqWODx6G9Y4

243.  Spiritual Masturbation! (How to 'Satisfy' Your Soul...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oJGdvgLVz0

244.  Spirituality for Beginners! (How & Where to Start).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHoMCxdUMtc

245.  Stephen Hawking! (A Brief History in Time) World's Greatest Teachers #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vu6l9UTIXE0

246.  Stoicism! (The 'Sht Happens' Philosophy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wiw4zdeQgU

247.  Super Consciousness in 3 Steps (Full Lecture ~ Koi Fresco).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EO-ZJvYR1R8

248.  Taking Psychedelics with My Teacher! (Powerful Advice from Swami Sarvadevananda).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAiMj7Z2r8Q

249.  Tantra Explained! What is Tantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7f5qaYXDi4

250.  Tantra, Fake Religions, Spiritual Ego & More! (Interview w Vishuddha Das & Sebastian Valensi).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Swx2MYBq7-E

251.  Taoism! (The Way of The Universe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQ1Bc1yrgq0

252.  The #1 Spiritual Practice of All Time! (According to Sri Ramana Maharshi).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qunb0DpDrOA

253.  The #1 Trick for Personal Growth! Improve Your Life in 5 Minutes (Know-Nothing Method).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bl0CnZJHlrk

254.  The 3 Biggest Secrets to Spiritual Growth! Powerful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dI-xzaVQYxM

255.  The 3 Poisons of Buddhism! (Buddhism for Beginners Part 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJnAvl-cse8

256.  The Afterlife Concept! (Heaven, Hell & The Astral Planes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCsqqIzk_Rc

257.  The Alien Zoo Theory! (Theory Thursday Ep.3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmbxnOyyXwI

258.  The Amazon Rainforest is Burning Down! (& They're Hiding the Truth from You).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7TiKxshMDM

259.  The Benefits of Astral Projection!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6FTURxdEfo

260.  The Benefits of Buddhism! (Reasons to Live a Buddhist Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jNzwqQXSTw

261.  The Benefits of Lucid Dreaming! (Rethinking Reality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co7vUZF-ylQ

262.  The Buddha & The Three Jewels (Buddhism For Beginners Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4r4cgCiZGw

263.  The Buddha’s Most Important Teaching! (A Must Know).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3zCCpm-BPY

264.  The Buddhist Guide to Self-Confidence! (Increase Yours Using these Methods).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJ0Zf6ja3aA

265.  The Butterfly Effect! (How Chaos Theory Can Change Your Life Forever).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVtrosP93_I

266.  The Bystander Effect! (And Why We Must Learn to Overcome it).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmG9oi9HjcY

267.  The Chakras! (Sacred Science & Ancient Healing Explained).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZjtUz3joWY

268.  The Chemtrail Conspiracy! (Theory Thursday Ep.7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxI7TA1Hu70

269.  THE CORONAVIRUS (My Experience & Advice).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tt7fJ7c-_Ow

270.  The Dangers of Meditation! (& How to Avoid Them) Watch Before Meditating.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5De5RtenK0

271.  The Dangers of Spirituality! (6 Mistakes You're Making Right Now).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Uv_oDACybU

272.  The Ego! Who We THINK We Are! (And How to Discover Our True Self).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tBlesYhQME

273.  THE EVENT! (Mass Awakening or False Hope).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7F78oCHgFoo

274.  The Fish Who Faced Death... Ancient InspirationalSpiritual Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lk_wYSCQUwk

275.  The Flat Earth Theory! (Exposing The Truth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWgRdMEYBqI

276.  The Flower of Life! (Sacred Geometry).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KM2B5X90izQ

277.  The Four Goals of Life! (Ancient Teaching of Purushartha Explained).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZoyoFJMSrw

278.  The Four Noble Truths & The Eightfold Path (Buddhism For Beginners Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNCUoC0MXz8

279.  The GOAL of Life & Why We're ALIVE! (Full Lecture ~ Koi Fresco).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UeGK2WfHy3w

280.  The History of LSD! (The Drug that Changed America).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kT0DCIQpJJ4

281.  The Illusion of Control! (Understanding Attachment).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLOwRtYLNNc

282.  The Illusion of Freedom! (Are We Slaves to Society).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9YTgi_-BLE

283.  The Importance of Art! (What It Is & Why We Need It).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PScSZqdYX4

284.  The Key to Meditation! (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51SB_SZSNCY

285.  The Law of Attraction (and How to Master  it).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-bz19U8jok

286.  The Law of Attraction 2.0! (The Complete Guide).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hFx4zrEUgg

287.  The Law of Karma! (How Actions Shape Reality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tljE8gwaiHk

288.  The Mandela Effect! (Do Alternate Realities Exist!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4SJwzzrBJxs

289.  The Mantra I Live By It's All About Just Being.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6-61IvT8vY

290.  The Meaning of 1111 (Angel Numbers Explained).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9FcEX2ng2Y

291.  The Metaphysics of Mind, Body & Soul! (Understanding Dualism).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-msSeX4JZY

292.  The Most Enlightened Animal on Earth! (& How They Help Us).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIvo8dBM4ag

293.  The Most Important Book on Earth (The Bhagavad Gita's Power).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix-yFT_FTC4

294.  The Most Popular Suicide Spot on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCTVTNjctLo

295.  The Philosophy That Changed My Life! (& Might Change Yours...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQb6BSuTvLU

296.  The Pineal Gland (Science, Spirituality, DMT & Decalcification).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oevn8pRZuP0

297.  The Placebo Effect! (and Positive Thinking).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_F_EPYO7SU

298.  The Poem That Changed My Life! (& Might Change Yours...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iX-kOgbUMSI

299.  The Potential of Losing My Channel & How I'm Moving Forward.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMWWbAxypRY

300.  The Problem w Veganism! (Why it Might Fail).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EftGye5jsnU

301.  The Psychology of Happiness! (Understanding the Hedonic Treadmill).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxzXnwDSuNs

302.  The Rainbow Gravity Theory! (Theory Thursday Ep.1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r4-BOHzML8

303.  The Root Chakra! (How to Balance & Heal It) Muladhara.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmaYr-4KXPc

304.  The Sacral Chakra! (How to Balance & Heal It) Svadhisthana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crh8Q_uNreg

305.  The Science of People Watching! (And How it Can Help Us).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c43cqEYCpAQ

306.  The Secret Side of Thinking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ht5fr5m5ng

307.  The Secret to Spiritual Growth! (Catch & Release).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPF76hiT2FQ

308.  The Simulation Hypothesis! Are We Living in a Simulated Reality (Theory Thursday Ep.9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IixE7r5b0xY

309.  The Solar Plexus Chakra! (How to Balance & Heal It) Manipura.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qm9zMKKjplo

310.  The Spiritual Rollercoaster! (How to NEVER Fall Off)  REUPLOAD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCrQNGqVg08

311.  The Stoned Ape Theory! How Psychedelic Mushrooms Shaped our Evolution (Theory Thursday Ep.10).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBQ2b9Mc3jQ

312.  The Strongest Drug on Earth! A Warning About Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fxwDVhTyhA

313.  The Subconscious Mind! (How to Unlock Your True Potential) WARNING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3k8R48sCJM

314.  The Theory of Evolution! (Theory Thursday Ep.4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDsHkx-CJEU

315.  The Top 10 Books for Spiritual Growth!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQzXU2HK_Ms

316.  The Top Books on Buddhism for Starting Your Journey!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4IN9N-VV9M

317.  The True Essence of 'Life'! (Why Death is Not the End).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhJfAKGAiHw

318.  The Truth About Area 51 & Aliens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1D3-E5Lsy60

319.  The Truth About Falling in Love!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJ2uKh0jeXU

320.  The Truth about Fluoride! (The Pineal Gland, Drinking Water, & How to Protect Yourself).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ACNmtdHjUc

321.  The Truth About Public Education! (A Systemic Destruction of Human Ingenuity).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-jMFNsRZTM

322.  The Two Levels of the Universe! (What 'Reality' Really Is).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXjMz-vV0bg

323.  These Spiritual Practices Cause More Harm than Good..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6_q9UCCzWE

324.  This Man Hasn't Put His Arm Down for 10 Years!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YktsI4387KU

325.  This Question Will Change Your Life! (A Look at Self Inquiry).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bE3hgJuXz48

326.  This Question Will Change Your Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqFZAwWTIPA

327.  Top 10 Books! (For Starting Your Intellectual Journey).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGYqiByZNX0

328.  Top 10 Spiritual Documentaries! (That EVERYONE Should Watch) !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WX6jftqGsek

329.  Top 3 Astral Projection Methods! (Proven to Work).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3s-_Jfx3vw

330.  Top 3 Lucid Dreaming Methods! (Scientifically Proven to Work).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEAhyKd9LTk

331.  TOP 3 Meditation Techniques! (Life Changing Methods).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiIX9ayWnHk

332.  Top 5 Life Changing Documentaries! (You Must Watch These).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNbmEhVKU6o

333.  Toxic Relationships! (Why We Stay & How to Leave).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8Bw7grzMa4

334.  Transcendentalism! (The Divine Nature Within YOU).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryXqw-zl2Z0

335.  Vegan Cheat Days! (Are They Okay).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QFrgsjbKxQ

336.  Veganism! (What it is & How to Help Save This Planet).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lG9upLaThv0

337.  Wage Slavery! (How to Escape The System).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GczvaLz-cCA

338.  Was Jesus Christ a Buddhist! (Discovering The Truth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPBPgtHMUsE

339.  Weed & Lucid Dreaming! (Does it Affect Us).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11lXJYR0e0k

340.  Welcome to Koi's Corner!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGI7ItKiqlo

341.  What An Awakening Experience is Like (Just Happened to Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvqwCXfuWHo

342.  What Dimension Do We Live In! (Understanding The Space-Time Continuum).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuPoblfilK8

343.  What Happens When We Die! (A Spiritual Perspective).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3nfinVJDNI

344.  What I Learned from One Year in Jail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiie9Db_LEY

345.  What is Enlightenment! (The Spiritual Truth Explained).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Wbji-vOnbU

346.  What is Vedanta (THE Spiritual Science) with Swami Sarvadevananda.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sat-vzBWp3I

347.  What Is Yoga! (Its History & How It Benefits Us).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVXP28hP8mg

348.  What Pain Taught Me after Getting Hit by a Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7DgFzK1h1Y

349.  What PSYCHEDELICS Feel Like! (LSD, Mushrooms & More).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPeMzFYnrHI

350.  What Your Dreams Mean! (Dream Psychology Explained) Watch After Dreaming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfA00DIyo4Q

351.  What's the Point of Life if We're Going to Die.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrezkcMbLlo

352.  Who is Writing Your Life Story (Free Talk).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQZIH-dppqk

353.  Why Being A Vegetarian is Pointless... (& How The Only Real Answer is Veganism).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SIM7lOmVc0

354.  Why DEATH Isn't Real! (& How You Will Live Forever).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQQApWj2zL8

355.  Why Drugs Are Illegal! (The Hidden Truth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvdZhUC2Rl8

356.  Why Everything is Perfect. (Even War, Famine & Poverty).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7s1ojxc4qI

357.  Why Hinduism Has so Many Gods!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2k1iHcJW14

358.  Why I Dropped Out of College... (& How I Survived After).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8JacabpEMQ

359.  Why I Left Christianity..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORaLP_nN3Pg

360.  Why I Quit Lucid Dreaming..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKQMioE_MYU

361.  Why I Sleep Outside! (& How it Can Improve Your Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QovUDHIcef0

362.  Why I Spent A Year in Jail... (And How it Saved My Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kaLfBVj-ZI

363.  Why I Stopped Drinking Alcohol... (How it RuinedSaved My Life).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7Gl3Z3MGZ4

364.  Why I Stopped Smoking Weed... (Life Changing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=todIG6R5VjM

365.  Why I Stopped Taking Psychedelics... (& How They Changed Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy0p-pT3gg0

366.  Why I Wear THIS on My 3rd Eye!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1H1ZXbzz7F0

367.  Why Society is Lazy As Fck... (& How to Escape It).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi7-CordyIU

368.  Why Time DOESN'T Exist! (A Life Changing Truth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jwdccCoRIM

369.  Why Today is the Most Important Day of Your Life!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KH7KiezZgc

370.  Why We Love Nature! The Biophilia Hypothesis (Theory Thursday Ep.8).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZcIbnpkDtU

371.  Why We Sleep! (Facts, Myths & New Sleep Cycles).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDsr7QSJ6ro

372.  Why YOU Exist! (Your True Purpose Explained).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzXK1CaU8yQ

373.  Why You SHOULDN'T Donate to Charities! (Their Dark Secrets & How to Truly Help).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KO1TbAFR6Vw

374.  Why You Shouldn't Go to College! (My Experience & Advice).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sp57ObEytG0

375.  Why You Shouldn't Open Your 3rd Eye... (The Danger of Awakening).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSGyVlziOEY

376.  Why You Shouldn't Take Life Seriously.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biOEB7sHXrw

377.  Why You Shouldn't Take Spirituality Seriously. (The Secret to Inner Peace).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzyBIT2NBBo

378.  Yin & Yang (Explaining The Taijitu).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfAEppF8p7U

379.  Yoga Philosophy for Beginners! (The 8 Limbs of Yoga - Patanjali).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EmLVEYRNDU

380.  You Are Being Manipulated! (& You Need to Know Why).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-TOO5JPOmk

381.  You Are INFINITE! (Full Lecture ~ Koi FrescoVishuddha Das).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2j6gNj_tn0

382.  You Are Loved! (Important Message from the Heart).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbFtbIq_c54

383.  You're Being LIED To! (You Need to Know Why).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaKdxYojVps

384.  You’re Being Brainwashed! (Here's How to Stop It).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FatjSr9upPs

385.  Zen Buddhism! (The Easiest Spiritual Path on Earth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9qC21gfbEU
Vishuddha Das - Videos