
Complex Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk5Vm5XJ1n4

Ellipses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLbe13v4MSo

Exponential Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Il8NV_PU5Ic

Graphs of Polar Coordinates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mteFRnuRwY

Graphs of Rational Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCc5eGG2pYE

Graphs of Sine and Cosine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsAWM3RA1FU

Hyperbolas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxXiXkItdso

Inverse Trig Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOcoaxdVpKE

Law of Cosines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfiPua0-weU

Law of Sines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwBUGqGKq80

Linear and Angular Speed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUZJPfpsOt0

Logarithmic Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dA5G04rams

Memorizing the Unit Circle Using Left Hand Trick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LE6dmczMc68

Multiple Angles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rawvSUG_DQ

Parametric Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra1HUDtI3Rk

Polar Coordinates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaFBMVn0abw

Polynomial Functions of a Higher Degree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKFda-fW8II

Properties of Logarithmic Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iht3OxMnb9Q

Radian and Degree Measure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-fW96UQCNo

Rational Functions and Asymptotes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRD5kte9jV8

Real Zeros of Polynomials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fEe7rB2YrI

Right Triangle Trigonometry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZeGs_Klhu8

Roots of Complex Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T9JOuZVm_4

Solving a System of Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cs4YFZvfEOk

Solving Exponential and Logarithmic Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-L-8OLo0H4

Solving Trigonometric Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPz1_Vkb_oA

Sum and Difference Formulas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b15yEVGta-o

Trig Form of Complex Number
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=343Vr0AAC4w

Trig Functions at Any Angle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqJ6dYumStc

Unit Circle (1357823)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkgkGWhUFXI

Unit Circle Song  Michael Bautista
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CiXAP8XaBg

Unit Circle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKJNcnZSwhM

Vectors and Dot Products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sM8NGnWRNio

Vectors in a Plane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ak15im0e1Eo

Verifying Trig Identities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXGKYrSslEo

Work and Force Applications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_aJGsBJLn0
Precalculus Course Lessons