
10 INCREDIBLE Facts About YOUTUBE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bA7zXIe-MQA&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

10 Sentences Guaranteed to Start an Argument on the Internet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2gYs876sG4&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

6 Craziest REAL College Majors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jg5w4XlQJUg&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

6 Diseases You Probably Have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qz4ZOAVqSIA&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

6 Hot Girls I'd Go Gay For
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ah9WUOPnx5c&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

6 Signs You're Dating a Psychopath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KHJKFpZxdY&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

6 Things You Probably Lie About
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzIZu3BceH4&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

6 Traits All Successful People Have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClF9DxS0P0o&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

6 Unbelievable Facts About Porn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF0R69CZxgA&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

6 Unbelievable Things You Can't Unsee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRQORhQgAqI&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

6 Weird Facts About Your Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EP6EJx7bfB8&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 CRAZIEST Addictions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSBHolHdTRo&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 Craziest BANNED COMMERCIALS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PBnRpYOmQQ&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 CRAZY Unsolved Mysteries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHWm27ov4VY&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 DANGEROUS Con Artists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6phaG-8uOk&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 DANGEROUS Diet Fads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lzve6YFXMA&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 HILARIOUS Porn Parodies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VneIWV-zFN4&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 INAPPROPRIATE Kids Toys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsV9kvV9jRg&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 Lottery Tragedies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_W_O7-HoTI&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 Most Controversial Movies in the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_Rbi08-F6E&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 Outrageous Sex World Records
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psG84O3_eig&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 UNBELIEVEABLE X-Rays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0PMcibXlyg&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 Valentine's Day Gift Fails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6dAwuNCtyY&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 10 WEIRDEST Kids Shows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbv0BDLjGRc&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 5 Celebrities Who Started In Porn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABYvEdJH-dU&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 5 DARING Prison Escapes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iBYFlr8YBE&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 5 DEADLIEST Women
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0h3WUeo038&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 5 FACTS About Weed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_vlvn2bo2g&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 5 INTERESTING People Raised By Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnucOB3i_TI&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 5 MESSED UP Reality Shows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pU737GDc44E&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 5 UNBELIEVABLE Hoaxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLpQB_XRD_k&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 5 WEIRDEST Celebrity Commercials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8Qw4vpS6HI&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Amazing Facts About Beer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmYbuuU1yE4&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 BIZARRE Facts About Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlGyKGQhRls&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Celebrity Sex Addicts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Pt4-7SUuXc&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Craziest Conspiracy Theories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZ47symVkek&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Craziest STAR WARS Facts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-HgjEQmovU&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Creepiest Websites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5FuvUGYtcM&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Deadliest Diseases in History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY4WV-9gT_o&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Deadliest Jobs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKdbqkvLrcc&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Deadliest Legal Drugs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTeLlnjN2Sc&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Dumb Laws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYfupvkHp7g&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Facts About Boobs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_3b1vnJuo8&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Facts About Kissing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1oLY-nnTg0&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Guaranteed Ways To Have Better Sex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuAU7JvWeGw&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Heists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvmaynN8ILw&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Medieval Torture Devices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAPCVOOS7ec&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Mistakes You Make on Dates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhHRBPiBMLs&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Most Amazing LEGO Structures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6am-cwTZR5c&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Most Amazing World Records
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WtMnzR9mkXo&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Most Dangerous Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIDmG2Zqt44&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Most Dangerous People in the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7gdop0Fqb4&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Most Impressive Houses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJXRXuG4qIg&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Most Interesting Sex Facts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RACY-Nmt8oI&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 People Mistaken For Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o576dqwk2-g&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Proof Aliens Exist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hy5QudO9Glc&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Real Life Super Powers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOxsFSYto_s&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Ridiculously Cute Animal Facts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nGLUbnGcZA&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Scary Halloween Facts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9_GlX4v7nw&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Smartest People Alive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEym38BapBY&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Things Science Got Wrong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZKO2MTFET4&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Unbelievable Birthday Traditions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKL86t6gqO0&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Ways Sex Changed The World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iG7tg-LSeN4&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Ways to Survive The Zombie Apocalypse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qo9nD5VbyTM&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Weirdest Google Searches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yihYgwqz6h8&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 World’s Most Influential Video Games
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrXTMO8bVGc&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 Worst Natural Disasters in History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ef3cyYoN91Y&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW

Top 6 WORST Superheroes of All Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lS2nT2MX60&list=PLsXW-9bShL1ZWh5P-JRx8evlMf1o-MhfW
TOP 6 - with Kelly Landry