
1.  10 funniest TED Talks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/10_funniest_TED_Talks/10_funniest_TED_Talks.txt

2.  10 Must see TED Talks for High Schoolers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/10_Must_see_TED_Talks_for_High_Schoolers/10_Must_see_TED_Talks_for_High_Schoolers.txt

3.  10 TED talks on best-practice performance management
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/10_TED_talks_on_best-practice_performance_management/10_TED_talks_on_best-practice_performance_management.txt

4.  20 most popular TED talks ever
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/20_most_popular_TED_talks_ever/20_most_popular_TED_talks_ever.txt

5.  9 TED talks to watch if you are in sales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/9_TED_talks_to_watch_if_you_are_in_sales/9_TED_talks_to_watch_if_you_are_in_sales.txt

6.  Best Ted Talks Ever Playlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Best_Ted_Talks_Ever_Playlist/Best_Ted_Talks_Ever_Playlist.txt

7.  Best Ted Talks lectures - life changing content
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Best_Ted_Talks_lectures_-_life_changing_content/Best_Ted_Talks_lectures_-_life_changing_content.txt

8.  Brene Brown TED Talks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Brene_Brown_TED_Talks/Brene_Brown_TED_Talks.txt

9.  Business
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Business/Business.txt

10.  Deep studies of humanity
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Deep_studies_of_humanity/Deep_studies_of_humanity.txt

11.  For the love of introverts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/For_the_love_of_introverts/For_the_love_of_introverts.txt

12.  improve listening English skill with Ted talks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/improve_listening_English_skill_with_Ted_talks/improve_listening_English_skill_with_Ted_talks.txt

13.  Math
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Math/Math.txt

14.  Psychology TED Talks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Psychology_TED_Talks/Psychology_TED_Talks.txt

15.  Sleeping with Science, a TED series
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Sleeping_with_Science,_a_TED_series/Sleeping_with_Science,_a_TED_series.txt

16.  Small Thing Big Idea, a TED series
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Small_Thing_Big_Idea,_a_TED_series/Small_Thing_Big_Idea,_a_TED_series.txt

17.  Talks that will make you think twice
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Talks_that_will_make_you_think_twice/Talks_that_will_make_you_think_twice.txt

18.  Talks to remind you that your story isn’t over
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Talks_to_remind_you_that_your_story_isn’t_over/Talks_to_remind_you_that_your_story_isn’t_over.txt

19.  Talks to watch before a job interview
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Talks_to_watch_before_a_job_interview/Talks_to_watch_before_a_job_interview.txt

20.  Ted - ED KIDS
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Ted_-_ED_KIDS/Ted_-_ED_KIDS.txt

21.  TED talks - American accents
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/TED_talks_-_American_accents/TED_talks_-_American_accents.txt

22.  Ted Talks for Kids
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Ted_Talks_for_Kids/Ted_Talks_for_Kids.txt

23.  TED talks for toddlers babies and parents
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/TED_talks_for_toddlers_babies_and_parents/TED_talks_for_toddlers_babies_and_parents.txt

24.  TED Talks on Confidence & Self-Esteem
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/TED_Talks_on_Confidence_&_Self-Esteem/TED_Talks_on_Confidence_&_Self-Esteem.txt

25.  TED Talks recommended by students, for students
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/TED_Talks_recommended_by_students,_for_students/TED_Talks_recommended_by_students,_for_students.txt

26.  ted talks self improvement
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/ted_talks_self_improvement/ted_talks_self_improvement.txt

27.  TED Talks Students Should Hear
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/TED_Talks_Students_Should_Hear/TED_Talks_Students_Should_Hear.txt

28.  TED Talks- Bettering Communication In the Workplace
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/TED_Talks-_Bettering_Communication_In_the_Workplace/TED_Talks-_Bettering_Communication_In_the_Workplace.txt

29.  The 20 Most-Watched TEDTalks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/The_20_Most-Watched_TEDTalks/The_20_Most-Watched_TEDTalks.txt

30.  The Absolute Best TED talks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/The_Absolute_Best_TED_talks/The_Absolute_Best_TED_talks.txt

31.  Thrifty TED Talks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Thrifty_TED_Talks/Thrifty_TED_Talks.txt

32.  Top 100 Best Ted Talks 2021 (And Other Educational Videos)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Top_100_Best_Ted_Talks_2021_(And_Other_Educational_Videos)/Top_100_Best_Ted_Talks_2021_(And_Other_Educational_Videos).txt

33.  Truth, courage and solutions for the climate crisis
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Truth,_courage_and_solutions_for_the_climate_crisis/Truth,_courage_and_solutions_for_the_climate_crisis.txt

34.  Why it's sometimes good to be bored
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Talks/Ted_Talks/Why_it's_sometimes_good_to_be_bored/Why_it's_sometimes_good_to_be_bored.txt
Ted Talks