
1.  4 stunning action food photos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nia46I3gLFE&pp=sAQA

2.  5 awesome smartphone photography tips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkdU5sZ_0hI&pp=sAQA

3.  5 photo hacks to paint with light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZaOvr4kBp4&pp=sAQA

4.  5 photo hacks with your umbrella.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gElbwR45zB8&pp=sAQA

5.  5 tips for creative product photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srL9iPQ7V5k&pp=sAQA

6.  5 tips to shoot with a mini gimbal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSgA-16K15k&pp=sAQA

7.  6 methods of creating dynamic in photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hyo4rWYtgd4&pp=sAQA

8.  6 photography tips for shooting eggs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON7Duy24LRY&pp=sAQA

9.  6 pictures you can take during lunch break.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5IlRxuFzAo&pp=sAQA

10.  6 pictures you can take with mirrors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvcUGlwonww&pp=sAQA

11.  6 still life pictures with a large object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCW9NO6LYSc&pp=sAQA

12.  7 ideas for creative lens ball photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsB_GPYbRFk&pp=sAQA

13.  7 methods for posing male models.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdrsYCVqhyc&pp=sAQA

14.  7 photography tips for shooting time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEwbN6kLJ48&pp=sAQA

15.  7 Tips for Analog Photography with Joe Greer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiqdWrEGcIw&pp=sAQA

16.  7 tips for black & white street photography with Alan Schaller.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CiLTW2wg-Y&pp=sAQA

17.  8 DIY lighting tricks for creative photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIRpw_O5VzI&pp=sAQA

18.  8 One-Light Studio Setups for Portrait Photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpySp9p258Y&pp=sAQA

19.  A new perspective High angle photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0GZjxkTT1Q&pp=sAQA

20.  At home photography ideas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2H2ipjjAiU&pp=sAQA

21.  Awesome Tips To Shoot With A 360° Camera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ufk70UkoYDs&pp=sAQA

22.  Best of DIY smartphone rigs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yaZE647mX8&pp=sAQA

23.  Best of Photography at home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJY9J1jXNpg&pp=sAQA

24.  Best of Portrait photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsmiCLvN65w&pp=sAQA

25.  Break the rules 5 tips for extraordinary photos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yB2bZNluKdg&pp=sAQA

26.  Car photography with a Tesla Model 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AaRZItldX8&pp=sAQA

27.  Challenge yourself in a hotel room.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mx5ngmMlwQ4&pp=sAQA

28.  Choosing the best SD-Card for EXTREME endurance test.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yaiIm_24q4&pp=sAQA

29.  Cinemagraph ideas for bringing your images to life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKzS_TJKPKY&pp=sAQA

30.  Control the sky with these epic photo manipulation ideas!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhkcNjdgyyI&pp=sAQA

31.  Crazy Ideas To Shoot With A Gimbal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jC0SqUQK3E&pp=sAQA

32.  Created by COOPH The Leica Paracord Strap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQj_hLIHNG8&pp=sAQA

33.  Creative ideas for shadow photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hB4kWSKWiKU&pp=sAQA

34.  Droneception - How to create mind-bending drone photos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OyltdyVtxo&pp=sAQA

35.  How to build a pinhole camera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8r5GifPKkkY&pp=sAQA

36.  How to make a DIY gimbal for smartphones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_b7B7qBAwE&pp=sAQA

37.  How to make your friends invisible.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiNkD8GSyL8&pp=sAQA

38.  How to photograph for one color Red.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgQe3u_4cWk&pp=sAQA

39.  How to picture awareness for a cause.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gh9Xc5P__vg&pp=sAQA

40.  How to shoot and edit multiple exposures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gu6o4Ho1tE&pp=sAQA

41.  How to shoot animal portraits feat. Vincent Lagrange.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpShFSDGkfo&pp=sAQA

42.  How to succeed in a last-minute photoshoot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iI6koga2i3s&pp=sAQA

43.  How to succeed in a last-minute photoshoot?Check the full video on our channel today #short #shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6MNILZcyCY&pp=sAQA

44.  How to take better landscape photos with your smartphone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcRLmDCjXdY&pp=sAQA

45.  Ideas for crafty photography composing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWVyaaYeQkk&pp=sAQA

46.  Less is more photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQnVzslHyKk&pp=sAQA

47.  Levitation photography without photoshop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDgrn98F4Ps&pp=sAQA

48.  Macro photography ideas to shoot at home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qbrxlZMS5Y&pp=sAQA

49.  Macro photography refined  6 IDEAS you've NEVER SEEN BEFORE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1SezcvvAxOw&pp=sAQA

50.  One dish different looks - food photography made easy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2utkZOiIK3Q&pp=sAQA

51.  ONE MILLION Subscribers!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNEF3cb4gvU&pp=sAQA

52.  Photographers Duel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggWFR-aHwb4&pp=sAQA

53.  Shrunk subject photography – 8 creative ideas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AfYKtY7uzY&pp=sAQA

54.  Small World - Creative Smartphone Miniature Figure Photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZE8h7GMBhg&pp=sAQA

55.  Smartphone Photography Tips for Shooting Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HajzDPwzCxc&pp=sAQA

56.  Stunning photo ideas with coffee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppKV46IMcs0&pp=sAQA

57.  Take your Halloween photography from scary to scary good!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGshlbXp18Q&pp=sAQA

58.  Take your selfies to the next level  7 tips for creative self portraits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzY6Sp9k-og&pp=sAQA

59.  We want your images.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVW1fKp5KB8&pp=sAQA

60.  Wide angle smartphone photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ah9OtPwd2tw&pp=sAQA
COOPH