
1.  Algebra 1 Exponential Growth & Decay Functions Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5nxh_9yZjo

2.  Algebra 1 How to Solve Absolute Value Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEkIDN3uXlE

3.  Algebra 1 How to Solve Absolute Value Inequalities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlJceChA424

4.  Algebra 1 Solving Multi Step Equations 18 Full Practice Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfeNaF-X4DY

5.  Algebra 1 Systems of Linear Inequalities (Applications).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6KWeSkbfoQ

6.  Finding Zeroes of Quadratics - Lofi Math Homework.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwKAnlYmgvA

7.  Graphing Quadratic Functions from Vertex Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mTz0QPuBk4

8.  Graphing Quadratics - Lofi Math Homework.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkG8EZzJr14

9.  How to Factor 100 Trinomials using this Shortcut.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BgJA8QeM_0

10.  How to Graph Quadratic Functions in Standard Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E68rpc7AS5s

11.  How to Graph Quadratic Functions in Vertex Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7cz2h4O6Qo

12.  How to Write Linear Equations in Slope-Intercept Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJTWTl-wDFs

13.  Practice Graphing Quadratic Functions Written in Standard Form (4 Examples).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEzNVeOR0Mo

14.  Quadratics- Converting Standard Form to Vertex Form by Completing the Square.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b30g19rD9IE

15.  Simplifying Radicals (Square Roots).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnTsKAgYE5Y

16.  Slope-Intercept Form - Lofi Math Homework.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuO9P6BpKUU

17.  Solving & Graphing Compound Inequalities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxSjU5I5H9o

18.  Solving 1-Step Equations (10 Detailed Examples- Addition Operation Only).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__MoVgDZZAA

19.  Solving 1-Step Equations (10 Detailed Examples- Division Operation Only).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOiX0TvIAxc

20.  Solving 1-Step Equations (10 Detailed Examples- Multiplication Operation Only).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9UzM55hBEQ

21.  Solving 1-Step Equations (10 Detailed Examples- Subtraction Operation Only).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqossCQwAw8

22.  Solving 1-Step Equations using the Identity Properties and Properties of Equality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg9l0rWbXXk

23.  Solving 1-Step Equations with Integers, Fractions & Decimals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SiP--Y15eCQ

24.  Solving 2-Step Equations (10 Examples).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SiR127jo0fs

25.  Solving Multi-Step Equations (3 Types).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vHOzOU_Nr4

26.  Systems of Linear Equations [SubstitutionElimination].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brx1FdzcMp4

27.  Understanding Positive, Negative, & Zero Exponents through Patterns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWX9bvvZ5xA

28.  Where did the Quadratic Formula come from.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzWP_4duOO8
Algebra 1 Lessons Playlist