
2020 Breakthrough Prize Winner Shep Doeleman—How EHT Imaged a Black Hole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHa0X4y3ulw&list=

A Thin Sheet of Reality The Universe as a Hologram
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnETCBOlzJs&list=

Afterglow Dispatches from the Birth of the Universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1aAMy5anlM&list=

Alien Contact What Happens Next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTqLPvBz8xc&list=

Alien Life Will We Know It When We See It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNtR5da5LIE&list=

Apollo 11 What It Takes to Boldly Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hzy7ukTQQ_Y&list=

Astronaut Diary Life in Space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uPz4o17o_Y&list=

Astronomy's New Messengers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bgi8z0fB6PI&list=

Black Holes and Holographic Worlds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7f9d7XZu8UQ&list=

Black Holes and Neutron Stars A Merger in Space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raRe8GzZlUs&list=

Brian Greene on the first-ever image of a black hole from the Event Horizon Telescope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KedrdpwOSkU&list=

Echoes From The Beginning A Journey Through Space And Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRHLoEbOlSI&list=

Evolution Beyond Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvyRo9gS234&list=

Exoplanets The Search for New Worlds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6B6A1X_efgg&list=

How Do You Detect a Black Hole LIGO and the Measurement of Gravitational Waves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VK0UJv_JnDo&list=

How Do You Observe a Black Hole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-OyMPAq2PU&list=

Infinite Worlds A Journey through Parallel Universes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OO4uzgiRHkE&list=

Infinity The Science of Endless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDCJZ81PwVM&list=

Is Alien ‘Life’ Weirder Than We Imagine Who Is Out There
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kT9GqvgipOQ&list=

Multiverse One Universe or Many
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUW7patpm9s&list=

Neutrinos, Matter, and Antimatter The Yin Yang of the Big Bang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NatV7LonIwk&list=

Ripples From The Big Bang Listening to the Beginning of Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70Y1Dri0umI&list=

Shaking Up the Dark Universe The Dark Horses of Dark Matter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tP0VoGMRmrQ&list=

Shep Doeleman Photographs a Black Hole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUDtWkY9L0o&list=

Solving the Puzzle of Black Holes Hawking, Entropy, and a Theory of Everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMk-_t5ls50&list=

Space Heroines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGH5EGTeAKM&list=

Testing the Limits of Cosmology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwwCULtw0zw&list=

The Biggest Questions of Cosmology Pondering the Imponderables
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daEH2qkChFI&list=

The Dark Side Of The Universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LW_2J2qs0Y&list=

The Search for Life in the Universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDtKuQyhvN0&list=

To Infinity and Beyond The Accelerating Universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcKdA2-W0X0&list=
Space & The Cosmos