
1.  4chan's Infamous Stalker  The Philmarilion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkLOB5wAAbI&pp=sAQA

2.  Bob Hickman  God Entered My Body.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-_BC9dkC0Y&pp=sAQA

3.  Bob vs Nintendo The Story of Bob's Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A47maEySTdI&pp=sAQA

4.  Decoding The Secret A Treasure Hunt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfGk0dFAhjo&pp=sAQA

5.  Japan's Strangest Livestream  Nasubi  A Life of Prizes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_o8v88nkKc&pp=sAQA

6.  Karin Catherine Waldegrave  An Analysis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyHYOn6djlE&pp=sAQA

7.  Robhgien Yrgna  Angry Neighbor  An Analysis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2N6WMt2G28w&pp=sAQA

8.  The Cult of Andrew ThanFiction Blake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btp7oPP2AwI&pp=sAQA

9.  The Cyber Fiction Saga of Horse_Ebooks and Pronunciation Book.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_T0Cuv0JEO0&pp=sAQA

10.  The Death of Olivia Mabel  Viral Marketing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSvdKp7FUvE&pp=sAQA

11.  The Dolphin House.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UziFw-jQSks&t=4s&pp=sAQA

12.  The Doomsday Subreddit  April 30th 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2X5mbWccEc&pp=sAQA

13.  The Fall of Phoenix Jones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8CkDrhZw14&pp=sAQA

14.  The Forgotten ARG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKLLDJZmxl4&pp=sAQA

15.  The Game A Scavenger Hunt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1yZ-ymG7lY&pp=sAQA

16.  The HaseKara Calamity A Doxing Saga (ft. Nihongo Johnny).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fa9O1cBQV_M&pp=sAQA

17.  The Internet's Most Bizarre Website Yvette's Bridal Formal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rofmr7_xc7A&pp=sAQA

18.  The Internet's Most Controversial ARG  Junko Junsui.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkxi71OUckg&pp=sAQA

19.  The Internet's Self-Taught Soldier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWfl16KJ-JI&pp=sAQA

20.  The Investigation of Erratas (featuring Nexpo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NT3lkIHCmzc&pp=sAQA

21.  The Man Who Lived in an Airport for 18 Years.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQfXd1YlkS4&pp=sAQA

22.  The Story of Anna Matskevich, AKA Refbatch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OSReIXxyrI&pp=sAQA

23.  The Story of Ulillillia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-79yOZ13qg&pp=sAQA

24.  The Strange World of Breatharianism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWRniMqhr00&pp=sAQA

25.  The Throne of James Hampton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtjJWGJfJ6A&pp=sAQA
Atrocity Guide