
Dire Straits - Brothers In Arms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhdFe3evXpk&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Calling Elvis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUavFsfbFv8&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Expresso Love (Alchemy Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oik6qbPDi88&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Heavy Fuel (TV Edit)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NG5Trk07R00&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Heavy Fuel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EExahMsBoWM&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Lady Writer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlD6jCGVU4A&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Love Over Gold (Alchemy Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKCpMDpSP8M&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Money For Nothing (Live At Knebworth)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zOjRlVpAOQ&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Money For Nothing (TV Edit)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIDYl-bfvw0&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Money For Nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTP2RUD_cL0&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Private Investigations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9K27HvhDxA&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Romeo And Juliet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rC95MEenIxA&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Skateaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcwl-Q7pAtY&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - So Far Away (Stereo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSnMBLeh_9s&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - So Far Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIHMPc6ZCuI&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Solid Rock (Alchemy Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCz5CLmciAY&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing (Alchemy Live) (1750193)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Pa9x9fZBtY&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing (Alchemy Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIufLA7Bx2Q&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0ffIJ7ZO4U&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - The Bug
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GG5ghP8XLW8&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Tunnel Of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAirINwjaxE&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Twisting By The Pool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsJ5aYK-S6Y&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Two Young Lovers (Alchemy Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=offPw82-XCU&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Walk Of Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kd9TlGDZGkI&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Wild West End
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4Ad_J_2l0w&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits - Your Latest Trick (On The Night Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKiVttFnqkY&pp=sAQA

Dire Straits The Studio Albums 1978 - 1991 - Official Unboxing Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbtr12L3y6M&pp=sAQA
Dire Straits