
10 CC - I'm Not In Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2BavhwpIJg&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

25 or 6 to 4 – Chicago (Leonid & Friends ?over)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_torOTK5qc&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

ABBA - Dancing Queen (1976) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhqV49us4J8&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Air Supply - All Out Of Love (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWdZEumNRmI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Al Stewart Time Passages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCJkbrQF88A&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

America - Sister Golden Hair 1975 (1977, HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oNULFXLuMc&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

André Rieu - And The Waltz Goes On (composed by Anthony Hopkins)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M57Fi19vcSI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

André Rieu - The Beautiful Blue Danube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDaJ7rFg66A&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

André Rieu - The Godfather Main Title Theme  (Live in Italy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSxxQcVd2MU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Antonio Vivaldi – Summer Violin Concerto, Ospedale della Pietà, Teatr Wielki Opera Narodowa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaoqCARilbA&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Bachman Turner Overdrive - You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet 1974 Video Sound HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cia_v4vxfE&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Barry Manilow - Mandy • TopPop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XeSQVWleqY&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

BECAUSE--THE DAVE CLARK FIVE (NEW ENHANCED RECORDING) 720P
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpKWpUJybng&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Bee Gees - How Deep Is Your Love (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpqqjU7u5Yc&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Bee Gees - To Love Somebody (1967) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHtGu0OGEpc&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Beginnings - Leonid & Friends (Chicago cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kQ1llzPiB4&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Billy Joel - Just The Way You Are (from Old Grey Whistle Test)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkuJJsApACc&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Billy Joel - Piano Man (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxEPV4kolz0&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Blue Swede - Hooked On A Feeling  (1974 - HQ - Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5jkAkm4JmM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Can We Still Be Friends - Todd Rundgren, Daryl Hall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pLTD23l468&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Cat Stevens - Peace Train (audio versión original, video editado)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-cooY3jB4E&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Chicago - You're the Inspiration (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRfy1yorkec&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Christopher Cross -Sailling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzgQoGvSKA4&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Classical Gas Mason Williams 1968
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEzyrpfrPEI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

CLIMAX -Precious and Few 1972  Revised Audiovideo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAeN0TwSsu0&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Colour My World – Chicago (Leonid & Friends cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts86Heyj_e4&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Daryl Hall & John Oates - Private Eyes (Official HD Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsntlJZ9h1U&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Daryl Hall & John Oates - You Make My Dreams (Official HD Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EErSKhC0CZs&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Daryll Hall & John Oates - Sara Smile • TopPop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0vf2AVakSM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

David Foster - Love Theme from St. Elmo's Fire (Full HD 1080p)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qL0vBw3csNE&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

David Lee Garza Y Los Musicales - Paloma Sin Nidal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Cxp2yINn4Y&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

David Lee Garza Y Los Musicales Paloma Sin Nidal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3W8i6QEju8&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Dean Ford - Reflections of My Life -  Produced by Joe Tansin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dn9bAvWS4RU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing • TopPop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7l56DjD0sU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is – Chicago (Leonid & Friends cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FB-nXQc6LMU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Doobie Brothers - Listen To The Music • TopPop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkytJLoxGmQ&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Dream On (Cover)- Blacktop Mojo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qF9dCWmq3pM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Elton John - Don't Go Breaking My Heart (with Kiki Dee)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0qW9P-uYfM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

ELTON JOHN GOODBYE YELLOW BRICK ROAD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-eK8wTZYe0&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Elvis Presley - Kentucky Rain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNkX4rjIhxw&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

England Dan John Ford Coley - Nights Are Forever - Bubblerock Promo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ur3_lrvDD_A&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Eric Carmen   All by Myself   (HQ Audio - 720p)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-6X7VR9Abo&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Eric Carmen - All By Myself (audio original) HD 1975
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJZ2BOjANxg&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Feelin' Stronger Every Day - Leonid & Friends  (Chicago cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwYV4H9rU6o&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Foreigner - 'I Want To Know What Love Is' [Official Music Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raNGeq3_DtM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Free – Leonid & Friends feat. Igor Butman (Chicago cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njZHiCdVQN8&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Gary Wright - DreamWeaver Official Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZKuzwPOefs&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

George Harrison-My Sweet  Lord (Studio Version) Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kNGnIKUdMI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Glad All Over Dave Clark Five COLOR Widescreen HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHtNFaa2ne0&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Glen Campbell - Gentle on My Mind (terrific guitar break)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETkzK9pXMio&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Glenn Miller Orchestra  - In The Mood - HQ Audio )))
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWUBfx3ZBHU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Hard to Say I'm SorryGet Away - Leonid & Friends feat. Arkady Shilkloper (Chicago cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKhauqqEYpo&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Hold Me in YOur Arms Teddy Pendergrass and Whitney Houston!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iT3WjAmJPjQ&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

If - Bread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGfVOdTiUEc&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

If You Leave Me Now – (Chicago cover) Leonid & Friends feat. Arkady Shilkloper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQ_j4Ytecgg&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

John Williams The Imperial March from The Empire Strikes Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMvcCfs8mf8&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Journey - Faithfully (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMD8hBsA-RI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Kansas - Dust in the Wind (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tH2w6Oxx0kQ&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

La Sonora Santanera - El Ladrón ft. Julieta Venegas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUIn5OAPS5s&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Little River Band   Cool change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_I9yFJ7koU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Lowdown - Boz Scaggs TKV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZeoD3pDNrI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Luis Miguel - Ahora te puedes marchar (Video Oficial)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG7MPEQm1-w&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Luther Vandross - Don't Want To Be A Fool (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmEHKF99v2I&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Lynyrd Skynyrd - Sweet Home Alabama (1974)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DA0z9EcefOU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Marvin Gaye - Sexual Healing (Official HD Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjlSiASsUIs&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Michael Jackson - I Just Can't Stop Loving You [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHZ1Bii7Uwk&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Mungo Jerry - In The Summertime ORIGINAL 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvUQcnfwUUM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

My Girl   The Temptations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swSytFVMHuU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Old Days – Chicago (Leonid & Friends Cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRw4kRnay0g&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Patti LaBelle - On My Own (Official Music Video) ft. Michael McDonald
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsH63qJlIMM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

PEACE TRAIN 2017 - Tribute to Cat Stevens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9aREOKQyCY&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

PETER CETERA & AMY GRANT - The Next Time I Fall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQKqp_rZbVk&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Pilot - It's Magic • TopPop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASGgn8bNQuA&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Player - Baby Come Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn-enjcgV1o&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Poco - Crazy Love - Original Promotional Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0urDGb2-SU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Questions 67 & 68 – Chicago (Leonid & Friends cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKzOjRKqY0Q&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Rick Astley - Cry for Help (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2xel6q0yao&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Rick Astley Hopelessly Video ( USA version )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9_I9uGCZB8&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Ride Like The Wind - Christopher Cross - HQHD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h43dHnZ1UOA&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Santana - Black Magic Woman - 8181970 - Tanglewood (Official)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axbtig7w7a8&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Santana - Corazon Espinado ft. Mana (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6omUxqhG78&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Santana - Samba pa ti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSECQtF58BU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Saturday In The Park – Chicago (Leonid & Friends cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gg8H9vrJCcU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

seals and crofts summer  breeze
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNC91HpDrPI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

September - Leonid & Friends (Earth, Wind & Fire cover)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5XmUnYW5Ks&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Simon & Garfunkel - Bridge over Troubled Water (from The Concert in Central Park)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrcwRt6J32o&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Simon & Garfunkel - Homeward Bound (from The Concert in Central Park)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0oJ8_VTu3c&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

SONNY and CHER - I Got You Babe   1966 ~ Beat Club
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1FTqjahsko&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Sonora Santanera - Musita
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TrNuvTaaF0&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Stormy-Classics IV (subtitulos español)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PJj_U9XRiI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Strawberry Alarm Clock - Incense & Peppermints (1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rw1_FNdy-Y&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Temptations   Just My Imagination (Running Away With Me)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9e65rzXbbM4&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

The Association - Windy - 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsY8l0Jg3lY&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

The Babys - Every Time I Think Of You (1979) Promo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yNFfRYeOXM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

THE BABYS - Isn't It Time - John Waite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-c8X52Qg4o&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

The Charlie Daniels Band - The Devil Went Down To Georgia (Urban Cowboy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgdZ4XxACSI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

The Doobie Brothers - China Grove (from Rockin' Down The Highway The Wildlife Concert)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3W3IzQ5sDM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

The Good, the Bad and the Ugly - The Danish National Symphony Orchestra (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enuOArEfqGo&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

The Hues Corporation   Rock The Boat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2r59-Xmge4&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

The Outsiders - Time Won´t Let Me  (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaj1wVNvSqk&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

The Temptations- I Wish It Would Rain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrjJeP1GGxY&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

Up Up and Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5akEgsZSfhg&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

You've Lost That Loving Feeling Righteous Brothers JAR-ReMix Stereo HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOnYY9Mw2Fg&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

[HD] Procol Harum - A Whiter Shade Of Pale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SQAdwdTSTM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt
70s music videos