
Chris Lee - Bury The Kings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KublS7CVPRU&pp=sAQA

Ciccone Youth - Macbeth (Restored)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZiP49hgiCUg&pp=sAQA

Danse Trailer Marcel Dzama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hb4I_SNJc8&pp=sAQA

Disappears - Replicate (1493817)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRGRmIKbbOU&pp=sAQA

Disappears - Replicate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRmraYQUIw8&pp=sAQA

Don Fleming (featuring Kim Gordon) -Torn by the Hands That You Could Not See
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FSIIF9hFQk&pp=sAQA

Goo (Bored)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZcFwKs1cMo&pp=sAQA

Goo (Hyper)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKP5TNBwcN4&pp=sAQA

IntroBrave Men Run (in my family) Sonic Youth Smart Bar Live 1985
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2dpbiO7dZk&pp=sAQA

Jordi from Catalonia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kud6fYJ89Xc&pp=sAQA

Kim Gordon - Extracto cortometraje Felipe Orrego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnaloePh5fA&pp=sAQA

Lee Ranaldo - 'Off The Wall'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvjsOEwfDKQ&pp=sAQA

Lee Ranaldo - Angels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP7KBhPhF3A&pp=sAQA

Lee Ranaldo - Off The Wall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43Nwm9prH5Q&pp=sAQA

Lee Ranaldo and The Dust - Lecce, Leaving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bi7ikEQJQt8&pp=sAQA

Lee Ranaldo Band with Jeff Tweedy- 'Walk On' Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETtmMU5aQk0&pp=sAQA

Lee Ranaldo Band with Nels Cline - Xtina As I Knew Her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_NdZJMQIO0&pp=sAQA

Meet Sonic Youth 2002
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kskN8EtyR0U&pp=sAQA

My Sonic Room 2 Where I am Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soGS0yrP0zY&pp=sAQA

Other Sides of Sonic Youth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAXVF65iUM4&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth 'antenna' live '09
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifsGijdtDQg&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth 'Antenna' live in Chicago June 28, 2009
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7G-1CwfCkI&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth 'cotton crown' live 1995 chicago riviera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1Kqzy9fiz0&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth 'expressway to yr skull' live '91
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_-dYUobltk&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth 'Hey Joni' live '09 royal oak music thr.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inKnp5iUSYM&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth 'No Way' live '09 royal oak music thr.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=104vJ6P68VU&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth 'shaking hell' live 06' mr. smalls thr.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WE0MOtwLMME&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - 'Calming The Snake' live 2009 The Vic Theatre Chicago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RKzhvk2bv8&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - 100`%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3gN9Up6hmc&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - 1991 The Year Punk Broke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxEzBR-rEnk&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Beauty Lies (Live VPRO Sessions) [Grain Version]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PF43vmW0uQk&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Beauty Lies In The Eye (Live 1987 VPRO Session)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEM1zZ10LGw&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Beauty Lies in the Eye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r66hAbGi0ys&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Brother James (Live 2004)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AqNlqOu-nw&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Bull In The Heather (Live Letterman 1994)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hykLeFnVee8&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Bull In The Heather (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JGBNkLM9_8&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Candle (Restored)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXdtFPfptUI&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Catholic Block (Live 2004)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTPHWYz9IzA&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Chapel Hill live '91
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOsxRlqm9gc&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Cinderella's Big Score
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xi3ZPT9iSNo&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Diamond Sea-Letterman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEXpKDu0Mf8&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Dirty Boots (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XdYnh729IQ&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Disappearer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8MFqJ22kSs&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Disconnection Notice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wPFV-DK-g8&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Do You Believe In Rapture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4RdKzzTU8E&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Flower (Live in L.A. 1990)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sn91EMOhvpE&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Genetic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kegmdBYjzCQ&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Ghost Bitch (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tP-E5V6OYmU&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Hoarfrost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_mN6_PRC1M&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - I Love You Golden Blue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaQhEcea10k&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - I Wanna Be Your Dog - Live with Iggy Pop at The Town & Country Club  London
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0jAz0ZxDUE&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - I Wanna Be Your Dog Live on Michelob Presents Night Music (Restored)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdJ2ecf-dYo&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Incinerate (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rP3ovD8ZSS4&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Jams Runs Free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU93I5UU8-c&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Junkie's Promise Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KywkbqNOUmo&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Karen Koltrane live '00
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83bTn1RGl-c&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Koncertas Stan Brakhage Prisiminimui (April 12, 2003)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6pqoHM4VrQ&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Kool Thing (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDTSUwIZdMk&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Little Trouble Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJWJcSTPNpM&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Live at Campo Pequeno Lisboa 1993
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUcShyAarjw&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Live At The Rat (May 9, 1987)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Kx0HlF-jlg&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Making The Nature Scene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oAh71OIRgw&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Mary-Christ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcCzEB_-NTs&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Mildred Pierce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-jp4hk7VIU&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Mote
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wZNu3v4jh8&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - My Friend Goo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfwIFTsx8WE&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Nevermind (What Was It Anyway)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AU0IiziwvAA&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Nevermind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04WKx0Ri5EA&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Pacific Coast Highway Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZ9BlWG6GN0&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Peace Attack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDxrxhzsIUw&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Providence (Restored)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yt9_kMe5RrU&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Providence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNo5dCbKy0g&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Reena
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrKttSi7EmM&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Saucer Like (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aF1hhqIO3VE&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Scooter And Jinx
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W69cTdiDSwQ&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Shadow Of A Doubt (Live 2002)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BPl7wJEQvg&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Shadow of a Doubt (Restored)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFNnvQLvs7I&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Shadow of A Doubt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWpbFoEUV24&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Silver Rocket (Restored)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viF12Mu3-5w&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Silver Rocket Live on Michelob Presents Night Music (Restored)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaYlumKMZm4&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Silver Rocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tzFR6qITMc&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Skink (Live 1996)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsEONBN6ES4&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Skip Tracer (Live 1996)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTfEB5LHuUM&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Skip Tracer Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFPSAXjlghg&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Starfield Road
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5v_d3-qsxfE&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Sugar Kane Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hh5c8ZLmxkc&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Sugar Kane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIIEbrMXs20&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Sunday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CXD8PK6Djc&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Superstar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y21VecIIdBI&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Teen Age Riot (Restored)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VHVn2k53PA&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Teenage Riot Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lecx7Hjxzhg&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Teenage Riot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPytYrYqDbA&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - The Diamond Sea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpfZ60wqyUo&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - The Empty Page
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhvLh8bG6Hg&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - The World Looks Red (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xzUwPr9lTI&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Titanium Expose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWwdpBeZd0&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Tunic (Song For Karen)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reSOp1domrU&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Unwind Ballet.- fan video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXGaYoDTutI&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Washing Machine (Live 1996)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGu0jnrRDW4&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - What We Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JW5R3pAvAMg&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Wildflower Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AhystaUfmM&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth - Youth Against Fascism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWzIlCJAw-o&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth 1000 Leaves Electronic Press Kit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pnIU_urPHY&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth 30 Years of Daydream Nation Screening - Los Angeles 1023
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sqh32Uj8_XE&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth 30 Years of Daydream Nation Screening - San Francisco 1024
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvVFUDJm6AE&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth at Marc Jacobs Fashion Show NYC February 8, 2008.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-BprHzn8TQ&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth Mexico City Feb 24, 2007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieubu4Tnpok&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth Summer 2005
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xU03SPB0vBg&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth with Lydia Lunch - Death Valley '69
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2Gf0MmRz9g&pp=sAQA

Sonic Youth's Thurston Moore and guest Ed Templeton - Hand in Hand (Part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpv_a1CdAJk&pp=sAQA

Spectre Folk - Please Come Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LiS-wvqy1I&pp=sAQA

Sputnik Cinema Klub - Berlin 1985
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYjktrKXIr4&pp=sAQA

SY - Kim Gordon & The Arthur Doyle Hand Cream (Live 2004)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNu5ObPlo7Y&pp=sAQA

Thurston Moore & Mats Gustafsson - Parkteatret, Oslo (excerpt)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrWbGvZ1EYo&pp=sAQA

Thurston Moore - Benediction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEe9H6fa7uM&pp=sAQA

Thurston Moore - Circulation (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVHPxiZrUWk&pp=sAQA

Thurston Moore - Heavenmetal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9C3jTU-DwU&pp=sAQA

Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth - Hand in Hand (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSG8vdG84Sk&pp=sAQA
Sonic Youth