
1.  BLACK SABBATH - 'God Is Dead' (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVfUimq2KeI&pp=sAQA

2.  BLACK SABBATH - A Hard Road (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R17k8zkSRZs&pp=sAQA

3.  BLACK SABBATH - A Look Inside The Studio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GLqS7yjyMw&pp=sAQA

4.  Black Sabbath - Behind The Scenes at Rehearsals for THE END.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Usqq2amB3QE&pp=sAQA

5.  BLACK SABBATH - Black Sabbath (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lVdMbUx1_k&pp=sAQA

6.  BLACK SABBATH - Children of the Grave (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U39EiI-NR4I&pp=sAQA

7.  BLACK SABBATH - Children of the Grave from The End (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUT730G-xvA&pp=sAQA

8.  BLACK SABBATH - Creation of '13' Album Cover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DDhkgI9es4&pp=sAQA

9.  BLACK SABBATH - Dirty Women (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EBk3czZXlQ&pp=sAQA

10.  BLACK SABBATH - Electric Funeral (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jx7jDPDFvuE&pp=sAQA

11.  BLACK SABBATH - End of the Beginning (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0W91FrTlYk&pp=sAQA

12.  Black Sabbath - End of the Beginning Official Live Clip (Live....Gathered In Their Masses).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lk4ezFv_PNo&pp=sAQA

13.  BLACK SABBATH - Gathered In Their Masses (Teaser #2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cjomffUqCg&pp=sAQA

14.  Black Sabbath - God Is Dead (Official Video) (1264900).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhhOU5FUPBE&pp=sAQA

15.  BLACK SABBATH - God Is Dead (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMa2ga8gqEw&pp=sAQA

16.  Black Sabbath - Grammy Nominations Congratulations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezvVJLeTQ0U&pp=sAQA

17.  Black Sabbath - Heaven And Hell (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWAhd4KkVUU&pp=sAQA

18.  BLACK SABBATH - Helsinki Drone Footage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZlbXJ0Wc6TI&pp=sAQA

19.  BLACK SABBATH - Hole in the Sky (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbyohIKIsoU&pp=sAQA

20.  BLACK SABBATH - Hyde Park Announcement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-Us4nGhwH0&pp=sAQA

21.  BLACK SABBATH - In The Studio with Brad Wilk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4rFtcY082Y&pp=sAQA

22.  BLACK SABBATH - Into The Void (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0s1oz5vck3s&pp=sAQA

23.  BLACK SABBATH - Iron Man (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDyp3Syaccs&pp=sAQA

24.  BLACK SABBATH - Iron Man (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s7_WbiR79E&pp=sAQA

25.  BLACK SABBATH - Iron Man from The End (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-thChxjcVw&pp=sAQA

26.  BLACK SABBATH - Killing Yourself To Live (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDm8ZGd2bEQ&pp=sAQA

27.  BLACK SABBATH - Killing Yourself To Live (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCehccEZzX4&pp=sAQA

28.  BLACK SABBATH - Live Aid 1985 (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rixsC0TioYE&pp=sAQA

29.  Black Sabbath - Live Album Release Hangout Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jY8kCC2uvGY&pp=sAQA

30.  BLACK SABBATH - Live November 16, 1969 Dumfries, Scotland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3wZP4az7lk&pp=sAQA

31.  Black Sabbath - Loner (Official Video) (1150438).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hV2ideRjDIk&pp=sAQA

32.  BLACK SABBATH - Loner (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqvThopYOLY&pp=sAQA

33.  BLACK SABBATH - Lost Cartoon Flashback.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8DJ5q7x5mo&pp=sAQA

34.  BLACK SABBATH - Master of Reality (Full Album).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fqGIpkp2NU&pp=sAQA

35.  BLACK SABBATH - Melbourne Concert TV Commercial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YfqgVgYI8Q&pp=sAQA

36.  BLACK SABBATH - N.I.B. (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiY2JsGXrtM&pp=sAQA

37.  BLACK SABBATH - N.I.B. from The End (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zxjz6VhUOr8&pp=sAQA

38.  BLACK SABBATH - Never Say Die (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDELg7qaFyw&pp=sAQA

39.  BLACK SABBATH - Never Say Die Top of the Pops 1978.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Q6gPouusHs&pp=sAQA

40.  BLACK SABBATH - New Zealand Concert TV Commercial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdLGCCBl_uI&pp=sAQA

41.  BLACK SABBATH - Paranoid (Full Album).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWvKvOViM3g&pp=sAQA

42.  Black Sabbath - Paranoid (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p96HnbSo8FU&pp=sAQA

43.  BLACK SABBATH - Paranoid (Official Video) (1963723).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkXHsK4AQPs&pp=sAQA

44.  BLACK SABBATH - Paranoid (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qanF-91aJo&pp=sAQA

45.  BLACK SABBATH - Paranoid at Bilzen Pop Festival (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gM9vwBD0iA&pp=sAQA

46.  BLACK SABBATH - Paranoid Birmingham 2012 (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cen1SvpTsYk&pp=sAQA

47.  BLACK SABBATH - Paranoid from The End (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTHeY0-P4MY&pp=sAQA

48.  Black Sabbath - Paranoid Official Live Clip (Live....Gathered In Their Masses).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIPfFj8Bol0&pp=sAQA

49.  BLACK SABBATH - Paranoid on Top of the Pops 1970.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uq42HUUJFzU&pp=sAQA

50.  BLACK SABBATH - Press Conference.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bneH3WLW7aE&pp=sAQA

51.  BLACK SABBATH - Rick Rubin on Producing The '13' Album.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6h6bUVZbDo&pp=sAQA

52.  BLACK SABBATH - Rock 'N' Roll Doctor (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kt0Xuw02TMQ&pp=sAQA

53.  BLACK SABBATH - Sabbath Bloody Sabbath (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfTpjrzas5E&pp=sAQA

54.  BLACK SABBATH - Sabbath React To Halloween Horror Nights Maze.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGU5n6apg_g&pp=sAQA

55.  BLACK SABBATH - Snowblind (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8B4BdAs0h4&pp=sAQA

56.  BLACK SABBATH - The End DVD Commercial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBeJ10nP7k0&pp=sAQA

57.  BLACK SABBATH - The End Limited Edition Tour CD Commercial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTvv8LsekIo&pp=sAQA

58.  BLACK SABBATH - The Final Song & Final Bow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ni1i85rT-RY&pp=sAQA

59.  BLACK SABBATH - The Sabbath Sound.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejmEPfHP9FY&pp=sAQA

60.  BLACK SABBATH - The Story Behind Planet Caravan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoQga3hMkyc&pp=sAQA

61.  BLACK SABBATH - The Vinyl Collection Look Inside.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlC5bqxmwfs&pp=sAQA

62.  BLACK SABBATH - The Vinyl Collection UK Unboxing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KhPDiKjW_I&pp=sAQA

63.  BLACK SABBATH - The Vinyl Collection Unboxing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETimxoiUO8Q&pp=sAQA

64.  Black Sabbath - Together Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TB34lNDL244&pp=sAQA

65.  BLACK SABBATH - War Pigs (Live Video) (1218657).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ssDXiMLX9o&pp=sAQA

66.  BLACK SABBATH - War Pigs (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3b6SGoN6dA&pp=sAQA

67.  BLACK SABBATH - War Pigs from 'The End' (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zY5nYmTUfnQ&pp=sAQA

68.  Black Sabbath - War Pigs Official Live Clip (Live....Gathered In Their Masses).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFA8plu1uMs&pp=sAQA

69.  BLACK SABBATH - Youtube Hangout and Broadcast Live on Ozzy's Boneyard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDSvLXbVrQ4&pp=sAQA

70.  Black Sabbath 11-11-11 Announcement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WU3SZjfbcpI&pp=sAQA

71.  Black Sabbath 13 Album Artwork Reveal (Album Available June 2013).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4p86ALnIzo&pp=sAQA

72.  Black Sabbath THE END Tour Announcement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbmO5OI2xWU&pp=sAQA

73.  Iron Man - The Best Of Black Sabbath out now!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_Y0qBzPIis&pp=sAQA
Black Sabbath