
10 minutes of catfish being adorable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yskYWWqcYMU

150 hillstream quick and dirty update, fry updates! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NazE70c4hBQ

150g Hillstream Aquarium trim, Apple and Laetacara egg update!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvtucIt3Cr4

150g Hillstream Aquarium- 5 YEARS later
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kokRdpl-xS4

150g Hillstream Aquarium-Sometimes you just have to slow down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Tz2BnC89Ns

150g Modified River Manifold Maintenance with bonus fish footage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzVGOU-tb1Q

150g Modified River Manifold System- Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNu-aB__doU

150g Modified River Manifold- Four months later
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2As6pyE2Iw

150g Modified River Manifold- Part 3 Rock Hunting and Hardscape
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q59e3bJaws8

150g Modified River Manifold- Part 4, Planting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-NOqtTWcIE

150g Modified River Manifold- Part 5, Initial stocking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69pZa-3Rz1Q

150g Modified River Manifold- Part 6, Stocking follow up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8IC4dMdX30

150g Modified River Manifold-Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eJZR0W0IwU

150g update and feeding baby endlis -A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnMOdaxRUcM

2.6g Fluval Spec, Dragonstone with Bucephelandra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfQwI6IeNLI

20g Rosy Loach and Sparkling Gourami aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDuGtMypEMY

3000 Subscribers! Thanks YouTube Viewers!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5k5B3VNLfc

5 Fish Species with ADORABLY grumpy faces!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSReuUT33gc

5 Fun, Freaky, or Funky Fish Facts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TpD-fM-pM4

5 Life Lessons I learned from my FISH!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnqWLRliXRk

5 Tips for Summer Tubbing Success!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raRCBY78dao

5 Types of Aquarium Fish I cannot live without
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQDUmIqGQQM

50 Shades of Buce with Ghazanfar Ghori!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-PEbz_pOMQ

75 G Shellie tank update! BONUS growout tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXJ_l550K5A

75g Dwarf Cichlid Tank- REBOOTRescape for better breeding behavior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDbXOrntRKY

75g Nano Maintenance and Updates- A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AbHASZ2ia4

75g Nano- It is ALL my fault
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_qqqfhhk0w

8 minute Aquascape-Scaping from Scraps (the build)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bRQMrNtQedw

8 months of growth! 150g Modified River Manifold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNodb3ern88

900 amano shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHJHpfjr3lY

A (bitey) gift for her teacher! repotting fly traps.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qsSQ67z8cE

A brief and mysterious history of the  Abandoned Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSdqAUz1hrA

A closer look at the Mini Ponds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvusPPA6-4M

A day in the life of a fish pimp- the Friday grind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBtfEcDG6X0

A day in the life of a fish pimp-This means WAR!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0DvSuZSKpw

A dive meet with my daughter! Day 10 of Fishmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07g-ycQkIho

A First for Me!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moDBq_vhSII

A moose shared our campsite! (Allagash Wilderness Waterway)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYdXSBHjQ_A

A morning in my life!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DqIAwbo0J8

A peak into a 75g dwarf community tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8O1NlBcl6BM

A peek into the 220g Primitive fish tank, Thanks for 200,000+ views
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUdPwYoptgs

A peek into the 75g Telmatochromis temporalis Shell tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhpUBNPorto

A quick and dirty introduction to my secret build- Daily(ish) dose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05MNuVmkdS4

A quick glimpse at UNC Botanical Gardens and diving championships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGjD9rrp_30

A quick look at the Catfish Convention and a neat new Shrimp tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEktRYlVM0I

A quick visit with the Mad Aquarist! Winnipeg Adventures Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXMmNF219Po

A story I never wanted to tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6Ez49Nr0HE

A Subtle Beauty- Head and Tail Light Tetra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1Zs76g_3eQ

A swarm of tiny catfish!! Squee alert!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCqnsQls6DY

A tank in my living room!! Setting up the Fluval Spec 5g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kp2PaLKTDGU

A Thanksgiving FEAST in the Fish Room!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqibdsR5hP4

A Thanksgiving treat for my biggest fish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMM8n47Kdjo

A True Beauty-The Rummynose Tetra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20c6l1_OCEY

A truly MAGICAL tree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzP1c5SMBX8

A visit to Imperial Tropicals- Traveling the fish scene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0l0Op5Jmnf0

A visit to MARZ and a new Shrimpment!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e12Rr6COIHM

A visit with Alex of Tank Tested!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovAhp02tn0Q

Abandoned goldfish UPDATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQht-lpBl3M

Adding new Plants, the new fish, BiOrb, and MORE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1NTSYNv1q0

Addressing your concerns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnSnAaOchnQ

African Butterfly barb, Barbus hulstaerti-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lZZnuIt2lY

African Cichlid Update! Lake Tanganyika Community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_L-Jv_yhTg

African Dwarf Frog _A True Water Clown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3yqwXF4wpM

African Water Fern-BIG and Beautiful!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVf6cN_xovE

All my Aquariums (June 2020)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3d0SZm7ySU

All My Aquariums!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Qsat-eWIn0

ALL my aquariums- Fishroom Tour!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ng-XBJgt_5M

ALL my Livebearers!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3-skTHw8aU

ALL the tubs are STOCKED! See which fish made the cut!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-KZNFRYwZI

Almond leaves (Catappa)-  Tuesday tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-PXk_M7SUI

Always be prepared! Winter Power Outage Prep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vEW4ER3GMQ

Amano feeding frenzy and Gar Close up! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wO0z7r6TGxE

Amano Shrimp are MAGIC!! Nano update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSfR3k_vewA

Amano shrimp frenzy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pd_txZKt5Xg

Amano shrimp offered moss infested with hair algae
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PN8759jXVEg

Amanos attacking hair algae
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Begi5Wesx4

Amanos on hair algae (1354222)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLC8vfbzQYE

Amanos on hair algae
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdlFB8tO6dw

Amazing Aquarium Store Tour in Mexico!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5cUTY7cuEQ

Amazing BOTTOM Dwelling TETRA!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=froELeNbfrQ

AMAZING Exotics Store Tour- ILLExotics Flora and Fauna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6b6yf8FbIo

Amazing growth!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3lgj3k63aA

AMAZING Mini Predator- Bumble Bee Goby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9p9l-i7t8ng

Amazing Pond Plant!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94yHzYQ0vPA

Ameca splendens- butterfly goodeid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGuzwyWOsBg

Ammonia burn CURE! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpixISyejIc

An Easter Miracle- the Greenhouse is operational!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8AjOlWhl8k

Ancistrus wigglers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjjQHgduge0

and yet more habrosus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psbJqCaT7bA

Another fishroom mystery! I don't know what to do!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbapE8FU_rQ

Answering YOUR questions from the comments section
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2RdWMzZqlU

Anubias-BOMB PROOF beginner plant!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phN8gLeYtxM

Apisto eggs! Triple Red Apistogramma Cacatuoides-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQBBISrV0RM

Apisto wigglers to free swimmers! Bonus video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsgAByaryfA

Apple snail movement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkLqvuYOeaI

Apple Snail-friend or foe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOXMF9dEvgg

Aquarium care game changer!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyBTRIhR2yI

Aquarium Tuber Tag Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DiWDyyQ6ac

Aquatic Experience Chicago 2015- A Peek Behind the Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQw3VzADVSY

Asian Rummynose, Sawbwa Resplendens -Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVZR-70N-0c

Asian Stone Catfish, Hara jerdoni  Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWmhHcYM1RE

Aspidoras albater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y25DqvYGfsg

Aspidoras pauciradiatus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5UWxRUhGTU

Aspidoras spilotus feeding time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRBwIO210hc

Aspidoras spilotus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkNFqw00Rek

Assassin movement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Id9GJjV6lts

At last! Doing things different this year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvQ-h7OsqHc

ATTACK OF THE ZUCCHINI!! Feeding Vegetables to our Fish and Inverts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hM59Uy0Bcg

Awesome Community Tank Tetra- Emperor Tetra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvlTfd1Q_No

Awesome Dwarf Hillstream loach!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0w0NTQ1jke0

Baby Bichir Update!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Zq1l6VchhE

Baby Dino Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NK5VSpsDqZc

Baby Dinosaurs get a NEW tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZK-0r7O15f0

Baby Goldfish grow FAST!! Tubs, Greenhouse, and Patio Pond Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BH1AembyXjg

Baby Rainbows!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dnYlYp7zAY

Baby shrimp, doot doot doot doot doot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3kEvWhBRbE

Back to the Fishroom! A Quick and Dirty Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrRi40IwJsQ

BAD news
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnOkQGqPaiI

Bagging Corydoras with Matt Schauer-Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y921P91j05k

Banking Substrate in a Planted Aquarium and making it STAY PUT! DIY Substrate Support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rPp-4LZl9c

Barred Pencil- A Rare and Beautiful Addition to a South American Community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZqeLedn418

Battling Blue Green Algae- Phase 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFGKSv78AqU

Beat the summer heat! Tips for cooling a fish room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVKWDp_Yr2c

BEAUTIFUL Bee Shrimp- Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-sa9lsuol4

Beautiful Orange Shrimp-Tangerine Tiger Shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VvRHtNoyko

Best beginner carpeting plant Crypt parva
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcOL0JkLmIs

BEST Beginner Snake! COLORFUL Cornsnake Unboxing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkIMm0dVQGM

Best Community Fish -The Cherry Barb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6n0L8wKGCo

Best Fish Bowl Ever! Floral District, and DIY Planters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3PtLHxfyr0

Best Pleco for the Community Aquarium! BristlenoseAncistrus Pleco- Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaZcDNZjOHA

Betta (Sid Fishious) Update!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X08RHM11wOg

Betta Fish Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dM2kchSyURQ

Big Boys!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJfbuZbIydU

Big changes in the fishroom! Feeding fish- A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xB7-IL8gY4U

Big, Beautiful, Clown Barb!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IMPAKaz240

BIGGEST bin yield EVER!!! SO STOKED!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qW_ILlSjNAs

Bin Update! AT LONG LAST!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fN2ceP5fS7Y

Bin Updates and how to tell if a Bog Garden is alive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mu5Kt4Odzl4

Bins are Full and Planted! Summer Tubbin' Season 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PombG8O5E08

Blue-eyed ancistrus eating Repashy soilent green
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yz-FnlZSp-0

BONUS video Sunset timelapse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaTUXSBMb08

BONUS-Quick peek at the relatively clean fishroom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4jycPhDcwk

Boraras and shrimp size
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJkDwYC24xI

Boraras naevus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdBRdM-3nBw

Boraras uropthalmoides
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OlQM7-JDawc

Botanicals for Shrimp-Was it Beneficial or a Bust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_mpWxORuJU

Botanicals-BEYOND Blackwater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAa2FczJF-I

Boxing fish for shipping -Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIRw1YpTVLw

Brand new community tank! 75g South American Nano Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ReeSRs6P9g

Brand New Planted Aquascape!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTn_JgS5IbQ

Breeding my aquarium fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1YoQU2s2z0

Breeding Success! We have FRY! Summer Tubbin' Season Two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJVpRsH9rPc

Brevibora dorsiocellata- emerald eye rasbora (1542596)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxDsKsHlrIs

Brevibora dorsiocellata- emerald eye rasbora
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpG7vJ-ruKs

Brevibora dorsiocellata
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEgem_t934E

Brew Tea for your Aquarium-CHEAP and Easy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mctNahlj6E

Bringing in the Orange Fin Danio! They bred!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02kmOcswNaE

BUGS BEWARE- Temperate Carnivorous Plant Garden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVOgUKyJR00

Building a DIY Bog Garden! Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6rT7w9Sn2M

Building the Greenhouse in 3 minutes!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3MfYbdD6U8

Bumble bee shrimp eating pellets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9H1QVue35f0

Bushynose Pleco- Part 2!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjjhhnWypcQ

Cambarellus patzcuarensis sp. Orange
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ewf0QNKqzY

Cambarellus patzcuarensis- hatching young
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBGJOeI5H5A

Can you keep Shrimp with  a Betta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZbQC5lUCoM

Cardinal tetras eating Repashy for the first time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppwqhx8m9ZY

Carnivorous Pitcher Plant Terrarium Build
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PfBECb5J1A

Carnivorous Wabi-kusa- start to finish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXInJEYluMQ

Casual Friday- LIVE Q&A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbLU2hcVr5I

Catching small fish made easy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvuWmzhJelw

Caught in the ACT! How to increase yield when breeding egg laying aquarium fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSImfIquLwM

Caught in the ACT- Daisy's Ricefish- Daily(ish) Dose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPv0jQyfcGo

Central American Cichlids GALORE- Rusty Wessel's Fish House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAEXu5ota3Q

Centromochlus feeding on frozen daphnia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSQ2HBNEepk

Centromochlus reticulatus hand feeding on frozen daphnia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0d2izf2rh4

Centromochlus reticulatus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1WsbLhI9jU

Cheap bin lids and mixing soils- a day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHBfISEdEK4

Cherry Shrimp, Neocaridina davidi var Red-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iF_HVTQDu0c

Choosing a Substrate for our Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCRhsRoMwqE

Choosing Hardscape -Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUGxLxu63tE

Choosing Healthy Aquarium Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Pft2iuLsEg

Cigarette Filters and Super Glue- Securing Hardscape
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUw6eNikM7E

Clean water is magical! Fishmas Day 13
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F55XwLkz_Sc

Clelia Aquascaping her first Nano tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1zc3GYqwOg

Clelia's first tank- an update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aZfSpua5EE

Cobitis loach feeding video- A peek into a QT tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fScvwLt7EE

Common Shrimp Disease- Discussion and Treatment Protocol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3BHHZHS1ak

Comparison of size- shrimp, habrosus, and boraras
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTTdSz_f12g

Container Sweet Pea trellis and FIRE for weed control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZQ1rXt7iEU

Coral Red Pencilfish, Nannostomus mortenthaleri- Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fm3kdGW_cAY

Corydoras habrosus (1590172)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZqrD2tE0Zw

Corydoras habrosus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSF_STe-3SY

Corydoras hastatus, Tail Spot Cory- Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRkkYKX5Btc

Corydoras pygmaeus, The Pygmy Cory- Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGkJVHcmo2w

Corydoras pygmaeus-600 in a school
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3FpZFa9cCg

Corydorus habrosus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-fOgw4bohA

CPD, Celestial Pearl Danio, Celestichthys margaritatus-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIYFrcwJJow

Cpd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHLm4cgpfKc

CPO embrace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CELtWTz52Eg

CPO heart beat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLNINPm9_wY

Creating a Wild Betta Habitat!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKXShZQph8w

Crisis Averted 75 Gallon South American Nano Community Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXH1f9NcReU

CRITICAL heat wave- Desperate times, desperate measures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ue8KWTDq3Z0

croaking gourami
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyhIFZxDpyk

Crs, green lace, and zebra otos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7mnncYDHU8

Crypt Melt Impulsive Aquascape Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ha3LH_ePps

Crystal Red and Crystal Black Shrimp-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJ-Iz3_JB38

Crystal red grazing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r16uvaY8wjo

Crystal Red Shrimp grazing in plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xurHO6l_LMY

Crystal Red Shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-BUuq1IlB4

Culturing Daphnia-Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbzm1kzX1kA

Culturing Microworms-Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0PUFD1w3PQ

Cw006
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5qzyLrqVg4

Dadio- One of the best small topwater fish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVrJUBdkduA

Daily(ish) Dose- 55 Gallon Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_PmQH8qZNI

Daily(ish) Dose- 75g Planted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwD9oEraELU

Daily(ish) dose- My forever favorite Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrQErmDF1Bk

Daily(ish) Dose- We ALL lose fish (
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuZXZs0bwcQ

Daisy's Ricefish! Really cool breeding behavior!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5lzvg8DJJ8

Danio margaritatus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHJeH98O0a0

dario dario
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oA25dm6IgXU

Dead fish update! Mockups and more- A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3slQs4ohq-A

DEAD FISH! Shipping DISASTER!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIw7ECF2o0M

Deadly Pond Predators and Pests
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcNIQlN9Mnc

Dealing with DRY weather
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVpj5EyzcVI

Dealing with Hair Algae in Mini Ponds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jA-huJiVZpY

DESIGNER White Cloud Minnows- Breeding Aquarium Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrklZYD3bbw

Desperately seeking sundews- Exploring a natural Bog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6e19I-C3rfQ

Did it work Cyanobacteria battle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0SsLSOLINA

Did the fishroom survive my vacation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IE3VYSxo97c

Did they survive the first 24 hours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghcuFxa-VLo

Did we bite off more than we could chew Fishroom Renovation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yevxL9wwns

Diptail Pencilfish, Nannostomus eques-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzBiMoMGXks

Disinfecting Aquarium Equipment!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSvcEPGTWQE

DIVIDE AND CONQUER- A day in the life of a fish pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAM1CfYVGPM

Diving at Bucknell- my daughter is SORT OF like a fish....
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jasav1IZQwo

DIY Adjustable Siphon- Perfect for Quarantine tanks!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zr6lM-9BuPo

DIY Cheap and Easy- Substrate balls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1c56B5owhmo

DIY Valentine Ball and Chain! Perfect for the metal worker or metal lover in your life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BH0UeJS4OfU

Do Amano Shrimp REALLY eat hair algae
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AafmBl2OBeA

Do Amanos REALLY eat hair algae Fishmas Day 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kG2cQI_TA5o

Do fish only grow to the size of their tank Fish Myths
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sub4b4BV9dE

Do heat packs really work How to use heat packs properly for shipping fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qh66u1IyKB4

Do the Crankypants Dance!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGZa-0ms9nU

Do you NEED a heater in your aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfbqPqbzh_w

Does he REGRET it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnictTWHFtU

Down and Dirty with the Hillstream Aquarium!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVV3VnN9d9U

Drawing a straight line on PVC the EASY way- Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXrS3V9fH5s

Dwarf Amber barb, Barboides gracilis-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGl4-rTyolo

Dwarf Blue Eye Rainbows! Sexy and Breedable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yRzWBhhaJQ

Dwarf Golden Barb- Peaceful and tiny!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zw_x6_RIXKQ

Dwarf Pencilfish - Perfect dither for Apistogramma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fv6fEobAW30

Dwarf Puffers- Small and Sassy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUx75n-M7qE

Dwarf Rasbora- the underrated cousin of the Chili rasbora
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcDV5G5xjjU

Easy 55g Honeycomb Catfish Aquarium- Redo Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SL2zCkVV40g

EASY DIY Waterfall feature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TumhZbb87s

EASY Low Light Planted Aquarium- Impulsive Aquascaping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9avgKbJQJA

EASY Low Tech Planted Aquarium- Progress Report!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wjORLAejUI

Easy Nano Aquarium Plant Maintenance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdi-nQatvAs

EASY to breed Hillstream Loach!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37FKE9bxWd0

Egg guarding Tetra!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKE2KJB3Joc

Ellobiopsidae Update, Shrimp Disease Treatment- Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfFyDb5o4iA

Ember Tetra, Hyphessobrycon amandae- Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qo6c8OYMtA

Emerald Dwarf Rasbora- Sexy little schoaler!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrOadTXw97g

Emerald eye rasbora, Brevibora dorsiocellata -Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPsx10aD084

End of an Era and Update on the Big Boys- A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIwdWYy0Cx0

EPIC Arctic Char Farm- Winnipeg Adventures part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHztdP_yYZM

EPIC Fishroom (and Patio Pond Tour)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dt2vHjdJ3WQ

Evolution of an Aquarium- low light, no co2, no fertilizer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Q5R56iaiEg

Excessive heat Tub updates (and more)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAKqZczHYZg

Exclamation Point Rasbora, Boraras uropthalmoides -Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qx49-tGghM

EXPOSED- my oldest and ugliest aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfsCButFX4I

Failed Field Trip and Feeding Frenzy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2DNPF0yZuE

Fantastic beginner fish -Endler's Livebearer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVomXBsBmXA

FASTEST growing pond plant- Water hyacinth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnoJZb1dDrE

Feeding dishes and clips- Tuesday tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjBz183PALI

Feeding MONSTER and MINI fish the SAME food!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bTj2OKaRN0

Feeding my aquarium- From the Inside Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oWxIE6MCJ4

Feeding the big boys- Fishmas Day 7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5t_-oKXuinU

Female Centromochlus reticulatus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8vUibU9KLc

Filtration you only need to clean ONCE a year!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VFmZO1xcWE

FINAL Tub Haul!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWm-C5ewIrg

FINALLY got footage of my catfish! Spying on my Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXGjzLS27Tc

Finally Live Again!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fN5JI_PoSPo

Finally Live Down In The Fishroom! All my tanks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9StDgswBYY

FINALLY! New Spawns!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HA0sZ3Sb0-A

FINALLY!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVFuOsf3fjo

Finding a giant tree! Day 9 of Fishmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKna8Sf-t3Q

Fire Eye Scooter Loach!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tZjgdt_Qrk

FIRST FRY in the tubs!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bs5Pz8Fl3aE

First NEW fish of the new year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqRFhgQDjZ0

Fish breeding in QT- a day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SG2SsfwAUZE

Fish Fin Anatomy 101
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZXnmQcjq34

Fish in Flooded Basement- Checking in
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVBHlLEDvWQ

FISH STORE TOUR! Monster to Mini!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2emntd2qwHg

Fish Stores selling contaminated moss balls! Beware Invasives!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9q_EYzSGmM

Fish Tank Therapy- River Tank and South American Nano Footage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5riuzItGGiM

Fish unboxing, Baby Bichirs, and MERCH! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hb9IEFRKvGk

Fishkeeping Confession- I am a HOARDER and you should be too!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbK24S7xQj4

Fishkeeping confession-I am a hardscape hoarder.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frfZGtKHBpc

Fishmas Day 14- I have a floor!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_8zL_nMVL8

Fishmas Day 18  Good news and Bad news
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S34HzmTgtc4

Fishmas Day 3  Happy Shrimp!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBDGqfTTPTU

Fishroom Ramblings, MORE new fish in the 150-  A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3n6MO6MAsgA

Fishroom Resolutions!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAOL0ttrW9s

Floating Planters for Patio Ponds- Carnivorous and more!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ee7wlqrL3g8

Flowering Plants- In and Out of Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbUoV9xV1Y4

Fluval 5g Spec Algae Update featuring Sid Fishious
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFlCtb7Y5Pc

Fluval Giveaway and Siphon Rebuild- A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ne58d_BLGb8

Fluval Spec gets a MASSIVE haircut, and a Birthday Surprise! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEsKwSVbnJk

Found Object Aquarium Stand- my DIY Christmas present
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQuaVqcB5iY

Freshwater Stingrays with the King of DIY!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrQe_AvbveM

Fry EVERYWHERE, the GUTS of a Pitcher Plant and my first Lily! Summer Tubbin' Season Two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZXZjY3wD7c

Fry Rain water Overflow Summer Tubbing Season 4!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYMnEbDHZqQ

Fry, fry, everywhere! Fishmas Day 16
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImqJBtQQSFw

Fuzzy Driftwood, Algae Tank, and more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eE_M2OtAvlE

Garra flavatra, the Panda Garra -Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoV_0ti53eo

Get rid of TOUGH water spots! CHEAP and EASY!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsK1sS7vFYI

Getting my NEW fish in the MAIL! Unboxing and Acclimating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6c8mD1K7ZM4

Getting my plants ready for winter in a hurry- A day in the life of a fish pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DApuCYDy0U

Getting ready for Summer Tubbing! Daily(ish) dose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhvsXYys4VU

Getting Ready To Travel!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5dqcXiLkrQ

Giving a baby turtle a big snack!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95QOsgsyV_I

Glowlight Danio, Celestichthys choprae -Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWOlxvv71pM

Gold Laser Cory-Striking and Breedable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AViWmexYVHs

Gold ring danio- beautiful and versatile little schooler!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sw_vgohUkb0

Golden Topminnow- Spangled Native Beauty!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O62uKAA_5I0

Goldfish Mystery Solved- Week in Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nceiq6Qxwak

Gourami and Loaches-24 hours later
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5czXiopeOA

Gratuitous Fish Footage-A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rru4kxBa7dk

green laser cories cw010
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgXlS7hKCqw

Green neon, Paracheirodon simulans-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8cYISg6eN8

Green neon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HykJBC1BHUw

Green neons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZKWhep9nLo

green shrimp (babaulti)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5FBcFQTkP0

Green, Red, Blue, Yellow, Orange, oh my!  Dwarf Neocaridina Shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8OKhEswj1g

Greenhouse and Bog in Winter-A day in the Life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DYgRHoZJ4k

Greenhouse progress- New air run and prepping for plants!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rWAnIXafL4

Greenhouse teaser, Pleco Cave unboxing, and tank updates! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGJtnM1yQmo

Guess which plants!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VryGODsL_40

Hair algae eater! A nano tank alternative to Amano Shrimp!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MANaLidtkA

Happy 2 year YouTube Anniversary to me!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXx5FPAGHBQ

Hara jerdoni
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-139Fapbis

Hard water Betta breeding -Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEF-3aYD7RM

Hardscape materials galore!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECla8z1HqC0

Hatching baby snails, Snails first steps! Sunday Fun day BONUS video!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWvtRKc70bc

Have I given up on the fishroom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQluQWdrGVo

He cut my new stand in HALF!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17O61wijv5o

He HAND FEEDS his sting rays- EPIC fish store
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30uvcTr4DfY

He tried to BITE me! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mR_u4oQD4vI

HIS favorite tanks!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NICAqZkCCjI

Honey Gourami- A perfect peaceful centerpiece fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zF4-BwcjPpI

Honeycomb Catfish! Unsual and Beautiful!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5FUBUISd40

HOW (not) TO make a table......
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAEeR4w8SP8

How and What I feed my Shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LNmlSISuCo

HOW do I decide where to buy MY fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C55kvZgecgM

How I Acclimate Freshwater Fish and Inverts and Why-Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDq7IRwcASQ

How I clean my Turtle tank, and I added FISH!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MP2L4l0wGjc

How I deal with Hair Algae- Daily(ish) dose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hdmuOJSK6M

How I feed large, predatory fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZUoAGOfnp0

How I feed the 150g Modified Hillstream tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfsEXP89ers

How I filter my fishroom the cheap and easy way!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycETJONIpKk

How I filter my Oscar tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHcgNk5R-tc

How I get ready for vacation!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2uJouBMVMI

How I maintain my Sand Substrate Aquarium (and NEW FISH)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rPbumTvTd8

HOW important IS Temperature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TK6-sb0qFc

How my DIY Drain System works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BP6jUTrlOM

How to choose high quality food for your freshwater fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=734kXD08j0M

How to clean the substrate in a tank with botanicals (leaves and pods)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uny_KRW7dq0

HOW TO Clean Used Aquariums
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZubVIeVxSQ

HOW TO feed Pitcher Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-Vhw9dfKyE

How to get Aquarium Fish to Breed- Daily(ish) Dose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbv_kzRPSOg

HOW TO hatch Apple snails the easy way!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGu3TspCADA

How to maintain a planted shrimp tank- Tuesday tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ok3qBVKHq8

How to make small fish less shy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPpC8WWT8tY

HOW TO move a planted Nano Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvdcNLtszCY

HOW TO Overwinter Carnivorous Plants with an EXPERT!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V35dbvbn8dY

HOW TO Painting an Aquarium Background!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiKkw6kUPCE

How to save money growing aquarium plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2stCxrVBEYo

How to set up a basic Pleco breeding tank- Hypancistrus Breeding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlp1fDoxMrM

HOW TO setup a Bristlenose breeding tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnU7W7fSy5M

HOW TO Shrimp Safe Mosquito Control!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8E18MbUxP8

How to spray paint an aquarium background (Tuesday Tip)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvKSCa4wOlo

How to trim plants- 5g Spec gets a massive haircut!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxHbNq9SjEg

How to unpack shipped fish- Tuesday Tip-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqiKYIwZ_2M

HUGE fish order! Chaos in the fish room!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isvVPF-pwDI

Hundreds of new fish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggigWltFcIg

Hurry up and Wait-A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm9X-vCS74U

Hypancistrus contradens sparring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GzS082AgeQ

Hypancistrus L450-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ndx0Wxjg0Uk

Hyphessobrycon flammeus, Flame tetra -Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cg_XYu2EEFo

Hypoptopoma gulare (1021167)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PjO73ddN3c

Hypoptopoma gulare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsVCfCvLddk

I  might be losing my mind....
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQcxr5Hyijs

I added 21 aquariums- here is how it happened....greenhouse shrimp haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdrETS0Xx_8

I added fish! Summer Tubbin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkuopVgaIZE

I almost forgot about them! Quick and Dirty Danio update!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fpcx_HI8Plo

I am a homewrecker -75g reboot update, Kribensis spawn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Fw2aIKyGyY

I am an IDIOT- Daily(ish) dose- this one is embarassing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7SGE66hIuY

I am freaking out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcJE07r3u7Q

I am so disappointed!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjq4_s7q3J4

I am SO frustrated! Failure with my first bloom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7S-o6XGfpA

I can't believe these are on my list....
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1sue5rQ6Ko

I can't stop watching it!!! 150g Hillstream Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrXP9cZ-Z4E

I cannot BELIEVE how many plants were in my Nano!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvBnbVoTcFU

I cannot believe I got them! Paludarium Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tawcDA-pPqc

I caught them ALL with my hands!!! Purple Oil Catfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lC-fHzAtBww

I COMPLETELY invaded his privacy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-W2gu_3DjTw

I decided to keep the ancient Nano- What fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMlbEhVgDsA

I didn't even know they were in there!! (Bonus hillstream footage)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecvs2G96bDU

I don't know what to do with it- 75 gallon Paludarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQYAqfs8FD8

I drove 4 hours for new fish- SQUEE ALERT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4waMCmVOXU

I feel like quitting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzJHuD5hPOw

I followed a King of DIY Tutorial!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iE-3t5uF-4M

I got fish I have never kept before!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gEVYPKUFZV8

I got fish I have NEVER seen before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVFCU1xH0gU

I GOT NEW SHRIMP!!!!!! Unboxing and Acclimation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDHUNZ7Z_Do

I got NEW shrimp!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SaMPe8rl-uk

I have a problem! King of DIY Challenge!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZa7P5eRvow

I have a secret!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NU3CdmeQn0

I have MCS! Multiple Cichlid Syndrome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHoF5OC7KO4

I like spying on my fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S--L-ZA-jFQ

I love it! Adding Natives to the Hillstream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhHTXXo9cgE

I made a Christmas tree for my fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rya1wES0NUY

I made a HUGE mess!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6daryPZK4kM

I named my pet mini monster fish! And DIY veggie soil mix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxnSxlVqC3I

I need to make some decisions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tiAHefcUPA

I need you to decide!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXABxJeelr0

I SAW THEM ALL!!! 20g Algaescape
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elhOgGTMJ24

I spent all day watching my fish-  WILD BETTA spotting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqpXzwVjmR4

I thought they were gone! Watching my favorite aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZzon4XmSis

I toured the Aquarium Gallery! See ALL his fish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7Id5i3iAh0

I tried making terrariums for the first time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdMm4i-ZbSU

I was not expecting these- Daily(ish) Dose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RKSSLI1U1w

I was worried they were all dead! Opening the Bog Garden and Greenhouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9JkGLzlFes

I was worried! Left them for 2 weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr1nCxn3Amo

I went with Plan C- Moving the Phoenix Tetras!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XW4WnEFNkhw

Important Changes for 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIIbG7Jk5hc

Important Update- Coffee time and spying on my fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgM50luoPsM

Improving Water Flow in my biggest aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZHgiYc43UA

Increasing apple snail yield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENIGS1EcEDw

INVALUABLE Tool for Summer Tubbing (and aquariums)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbRsAJKN27A

Is ALL algae BAD Fishkeeping confessions- embracing algae
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUR8QSNj6cM

Is the fish business worth it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgzbJHqROSs

It is BACK!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9yNlKfCexE

IT LIVES! 150 Gallon Hillstream Aquarium 2.0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gCGgCA6vKQ

It was HUGE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Goym1vRHB6Y

It's all his fault- 90 Gallon Hillstream Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSdEaCRG_rU

It's raining in my fishroom - A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2gH6cJiklM

Java Fern -The BEST beginner plant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ox1aHdyrW3I

Jenna Marbles Got Fish! Advice for New Hobbyists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9ufiTWrF-g

Join a fish club!- Tuesday tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jt0xDiRgO4Y

Juvenile shrimp are teeny-- cover the intake of your filter!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJDPs3s4Vp8

Keeping aquariums healthy during a crisis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6c9xKVqMirY

krib fry cloud
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJWEDap0_mM

Kubotai
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAzy2WbnfOA

Kyathit danio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AXv7cERbN4

Lamb Chop Rasbora, Trigonostigma espei-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqTPtPW158s

Let's talk about small, shy fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-jGy-GMppA

Let's talk collecting trips! Go Wild Peru Q&A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx5LXWePogI

Lets Talk Tubs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kKVwU3EFHg

Lighting for $29 a tank! HOW and WHY I did it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fccJurKwbZk

Limnopilos naiyanetri on mesh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmzfoY6kRfk

Limnopilos naiyanetri Thai micro crab
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfs3ShQNHYw

Little Lampeye Killie! A planted tank STUNNER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhSlKTiIC9Y

Live Betta Update- Fishmas Day 1!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r27YThHevso

Live Chat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pO5-_FYUtQ

Live Fish Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwNo3fm0BT4

LIVE From The Fishroom (1207316)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KA8Z1o3vkOc

Live From The Fishroom (1336753)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjHVqXgJIwA

Live From The Fishroom (1380359)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFPn4cfZviQ

Live From The Fishroom (1433536)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5fYj1phmUw

Live From The Fishroom (1460977)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_IO2kV5Z58

Live From The Fishroom (1709068)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PasCv-_5FQ

LIVE From The Fishroom (1821571)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2hyDaU3yqY

LIVE From The Fishroom (1991541)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsupsiBfPzY

Live from the Fishroom! Q&A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8L_DiEz0hA

Live from the Fishroom!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pi2qj1wcZR0

LIVE From The Fishroom.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUn0Uo-btMg

LIVE From The Fishroom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIAMV6Be3sc

Live In The Fishroom- part 1. The trials and tribulations of a bad internet connection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NL38c-9YJD0

Live in the Fishroom- Showing off my Play Button
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X781malDOC4

Live In The Fishroom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gMqcumA6YU

Live install with Kevin Kelly! NEW tank!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVTwC6BbW14

LIVE Q&A and Post Travel Fishroom Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PxBDHfkVwI

Live Q&A with my husband
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VE0k78kdH7E

Live Recovery Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jxRti0Sopw

Live Reveal Of Scaping From Scraps Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3s9MWw6qJr4

Live Reveal of Scaping from Scraps- Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92gRiIwQDuU

Live Work In The Fishroom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fv1JCdh-4b4

Live! ASK my family! What is new for the new year!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsRgdXUoYQg

Live! Fishmas Day 8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrLgrqrZvss

LIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SB3YrnUOsy4

LIVING pictures! Tillandsia (Air Plants)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBWWWXjpLy4

Loach for the planted tank- Dwarf Chain Loach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-YwTDgg1lA

Loaches, Apistos, and Gobies- OH MY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X99nKC6vHf8

Looking for Barred Tiger Salamander Axolotls (Crazy hair and questionable hygiene)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzJP7kAdYMU

LUSH Jungle style planted tanks in Saskatoon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQEPtB7jW_w

Maintaining the 150 Gallon River Manifold Hillstream Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2PhNHGu0oM

Making a Custom Plant Rack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76fIKCM06ls

Making a Goldfish Community Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfJjG4wWHD4

Making a Spawning Mop-Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFfTsLYovS0

Making a Terra Cotta Dwarf Cichlid Cave-Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQ_c0iJD5BI

Making his birthday wish come true!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvWyKbrs86c

Making my hobby a business Story Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Engi2PtULGg

Making Tough Choices and some glamour footage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tIwgUreyHQ

Malawa Shrimp  TEENY and EASY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMRK0V-8dGc

Managing Chaos in the fishroom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87e5EAYF59E

Marbled crayfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuDOLeKFQ94

MASSIVE 500g Planted Aquarium in Mexico
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCbpdxoYXXE

MASSIVE hack to the Betta tank- TPWM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yADMwdJ_noo

Meet my new turtle!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtkXLVAHGZE

Meet my Shrimp!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8q56xWnEjOU

Meet the Breeder!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3MekuRIOzc

Meteor Minnow Fry Update!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXFiYa5tp74

Micro crabs in plant roots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4cRlvmj_Po

Micro glassfish, Danionella translucinda -Species spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cblFM7Wv7bQ

Microcrabs, Limnopilos naiyanetri-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPOIq4AsZCE

Microcrabs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93WTwW37aUI

microdevario nanus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihDGKlytA_0

Mimic Tetra for Tail Spot Cories! Kriegi Tetra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juFE6T8ED-M

MINI Carnivorous Bog Garden! $12 container
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqdClH5SnXM

Mini Patio Pond for under $100- UPDATES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogi2xewIJYs

Mini pond with society garlic in bloom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmOnBvxX4r0

Mini Rant! AGA Convention, and a BIG mess- A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uc4zEFKa_j0

Mini Solar Fountain Pump-Does it really work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJPWglxAWqM

Minor Disaster in the Greenhouse and Baby Goldfish Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj-Yb8fx9CA

Missing Parts, Wrong Instructions- My husband and I install a shade kit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYNjf1v7u70

mixed bag of Borneo suckers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhPeFnzWBgc

Mixed gastromyzon species
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P34f8SOrLrY

Monday is not a fun day! Fishmas Day 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHSpmUsZHVw

Monster Catfish- Four lined Pimelodella
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ly3mZ13hPWY

Monster fish and Monster messes! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzXhANycsOA

monster fish mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKU891kl95E

More Fancy Plecos! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bAnqqAQyp8

more habrosus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DSZ79SPGUQ

MORE new fish! Spec 6 month update! A day in the life of a fish pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vHI1DEAE1o

Morning Coffee Chat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Pxul7M04QM

Mother Nature must be drunk- A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUoMC9mhOHw

Moving Aquariums and Battling Algae
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TelSeaYmhm0

Moving Fish to the Tubs  Round 2!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9S0wZk1c9co

Moving on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suPrETwaaSQ

Moving Pond Plants INDOORS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYuxv2WLh2o

Multies, Magic Erasers, and More! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9MRBPrKXno

Muppet tank and quarantined fish update- Daily(ish) dose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QriyzvcWzQ

My AMAZING 75g Planted Nano Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnLS8D-D0R0

My Aquatic Experienceevolution of the aquagirls (being a woman in the hobby)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RN2GcD6-UgQ

My birthday tank build! 75g Lake Tanganyikan Aquarium Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Yy4zf1IK0Y

My current Top 5 Aquarium Fish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9OCyTrTrSw

My daughter the fish- Southwestern Invitational Dive Meet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPxLlsceZ9w

My Dream Tank over TWO YEARS later!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4R8PD_YX4w

My epic algae is starting to come back!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yaNO78-s3k

My favorite fish for tubbing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aI_eiPvr-2o

My favorite Hillstream Danio!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3snr60l910

My FAVORITE Snail- Horned Nerite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RnCvaYeGp0

My FAVORITE time of the year! Getting DIRTY in the greenhouse!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdOLb2RgFTk

My favorite tools for maintaining planted tanks-Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSFZ4q-wfzs

My favourite fish of ALL TIME with The king of DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_athZab0Zc

My first PROFESSIONALLY installed aquarium! It is the nicest I have ever had!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlZmO-Hosjw

My fish plays dead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTGqQEwxC3U

My Fish Room- A quick and dirty tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iTkQnB6ZnM

My fish room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzdZ-C2FLJY

My Fishkeeping Confession
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqLHKs2hYOU

My FIVE favorite Aquariums (as of right now...)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HRw8ddNAgoM

My hidden shame and new crabs! A day in the life...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDjFOmIPSts

My LARGEST aquarium is LEAKING!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBhExwxmBfM

My new favorite shrimp Tiger Shrimp, Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOtdHiNsx-w

My number one tip for planted tank success
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKbw0RMRXOc

My Pet Fish is a TEENAGER!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCNJvqfyDsg

My pet Oscar- Captain Crankypants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyDfVSG8gU4

My SECRET for feeding Plecos to get them to spawn!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NzwP8CuocU

My SECRET weapon!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_oDSWZh9VM

My three season greenhouse- a year later!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJQ-urpWEAE

My Top 5 EASY Plants for Breeding fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AucH4l0z5FA

My TOP 5 Fishroom Tools that you probably ALREADY have!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pO9wAQQ4p2U

My top five EASY aquarium plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phGC1ArHfC8

My TOP tips for keeping Shrimp!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6n0A9b2w6Q

Mystery fish AGAIN!! Greenhouse Yield- Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFl5qkWysek

Mystery Garden Revealed!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtL7lo8wW1M

Mystery of the Cloudy Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8qP-jjyWgM

Nannostomus mortenthaleri and Otocinclus cocama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CP-5a6y_axI

Nannostomus mortenthaleri-coral red pencil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIHvtrEjcFA

Nano Corner Destruction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9Gn3iqE4YU

Nano Tanks, Plecos, and Updates!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9sNc1emffI

NANO vivarium with a waterfall!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftDqf17zic8

Native Fish Unboxing -A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zj_Pzs3MtjE

Native Stunner -Yellowfin Shiner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQYdHR4ZuU4

Nature Aquarium Store Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYFZrn4W5uY

Nature Aquarium-Start to Finish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJZinnbDDaw

Nature as Inspiration- Let's talk about Biotopes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tU2SrRU3Ob0

Nature's ASMR- Butterflies, Bees, and Birds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNmwOSJ8nO4

Neon Green Rasbora, Microdevario kubotai-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p40cnkr2a8w

Neon Green Rasbora, Sundadanio margarition Green  Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNLoEFnnwWg

Nerite radula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4-gYTu-jLY

New Additions to the 150 and a Fish Unboxing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aacTC-NX1vs

New aquarium rack, big wood, and baby fish -A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPWoOiqKdtE

New Fan Favorite- Crypt balansae
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ciTREo24Mw

New Fish for ME! A day in the life of a fish pimp-another 75g reboot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1Ur3SXr6sU

New fish order! Flowering Aponogeton! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSHEHCPynws

NEW FISH! I can't believe I got these!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWZa0yi4Bj4

NEW FISH!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6KRInfUwPI

NEW planted aquarium- Brooklyn Hardscape made me a tank for 20,000 subs!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WQShaPh6g0

NEW Scape for the NEW tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SdPPp06_k74

New Scape for the tree- keep it or not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKtJDIVgrW4

NEW SHRIMP!!! BONUS VIDEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwyqB50jKj0

New stock updates! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDtgpHMoefk

New Surprise Fish! Quick and Dirty Aquarium Update -A day in the Life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgoCW7rutvs

New Tissue Culture Fridge for plants! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MSYME-VzQk

New Year, New Fishroom Goals!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPRRdIR3FX4

No co2, No fertilizers, Sand Substrate 75 Gallon Community Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AM-5x_olN0

Norman's lampeyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGsfglu_3mk

Ocelot danio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViO4P-rlzCs

OMG! HE LIVES!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V248o2wOpxY

OMG!!! SURPRISE SHRIMP!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-qiNmV3ysA

On the 12th day of Fishmas, my Fish Pimp gave to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKz0iXMJC6Y

On the 5th day of Fishmas, my Fish Pimp gave to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjPbhCrODRo

On the second day of Fishmas, my Fish Pimp gave to me...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfr6ddnqZPc

One hour Aquascape (Big Fish Deal Demo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lH_mDqtke8

One of my favorite places!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLMfwp1Fvhs

Oops- Impulse Control Issues. I did it AGAIN.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKhEV05lk70

Oops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghBDdNwHrBs

Orange banded bee catfish, Akysis vespa- Species spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eBOgYGk7gA

Orange hatchet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hah5aSVWa8Q

Oscar, Astronotus ocellatus-Species Spotlight, MONSTER edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saHkKWr2rHI

Oscars are SO grumpy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BL1nNp0Ri5U

Otocinclus cf. cocama feeding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxuVLh5evYw

Otocinclus love xtreme catfish scrapers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQOX0Vvnqnc

Otocinclus, Oto cat, Dwarf Suckermouth- Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2vKPsiBbTk

OUTDOOR fish store!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NoLu6i3OSfE

Overwintering lilies- Finale of Summer Tubbin' 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qy10Zo0D9yw

Paracheirodon simulans- green neons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahBzsjzOAmg

Part of the hillstream qt set up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIpoB4fBLDc

Part2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoYTcHWQGWU

Patio Pond on a Budget Part 3- Planting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvbIjey6PjI

Patio Pond on a BUDGET- Part 1- Tub Selection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OL7Xuv6Ki0

Patio Pond on a BUDGET-Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y82H-Y-nqLE

Patio Pond Predators-Green Frogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-qWe_VTiPA

Peacock Gudgeon- Bold and Beautiful!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMyLiU5r4OI

Peek into my 55g Laetacara dorsigera tank- THEY SPAWNED!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4-IpcAATBE

Pelvicachromis taeniatus Moliwe courtship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIlU92bQfQA

Pest snails in the Aquarium- the good, the bad, and the ugly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9WvzJlnmEs

Petruichthys brevis-Inle loach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTPelBlOg94

Petruicthys brevis- inle loach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nH7pLfKqXs

Petruicthys brevis- Inle loaches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzqHtkPJZYs

Phoenix Tetra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6K-DezARaVI

Pick the substrate for the Retirement Community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wv-gWG9o8k8

Pitcher Plants! Best mosquito control!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcsUd68yJck

Plant growth, shrimp, and TONS of baby fish! Updates galore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HuDJTZYXjo

Planted Tank Progress Reports!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qk2jUz6kPc

Planting over 700 trees to help create a Riparian buffer! #teamtrees
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjBxxU7xPXI

Plants, Peepers, Purple Catfish, and Patio Ponds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoeEhU1xvDM

Playing Favorites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umYKzlwYneg

Pond plants get a MASSIVE hack back! Preparing for Winter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvYuZazqNtM

Popular Hybrid- The Pinto Shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Knc1Q5SAUE

Pothos DESTROYED my aquarium!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2jqZzHO2OA

Potting lilies, Summer Tubbing Part 5- Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7tAwhIMOXc

Preparing for NEW FISH!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-RYZZbVbUQ

Prepping and Planting- DIY Bog Garden Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=As6Aw5frhNs

Prepping for new fish Vlog- A day in the life of a fish pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zVFhvtK8YE

Preventing disease in freshwater fish -Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2QAPvdO85A

Progress! Prepping to move fish from the tubs!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFFkfmKg270

Protecting our Aquariums from disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2T2cDlXf8A4

Pseudogastromyzon fangi (1122958)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRwCqNSQMaA

Pseudogastromyzon fangi (1426360)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3HiYUnsqiA

Pseudogastromyzon fangi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-1MMTnSsxM

Pseudogastromyzon feeding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P09vObJkrKc

Pseudomugil furcatus are beggers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qHcKfxr5UM

PURPLE catfish! Centromochlus reticulatus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDaTLpE-xKY

Pygmy gourami
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZufeCfcDgEY

Pyrrhulina spilota
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmxuwNvTLMc

Quarantine Protocol -A closer look (BONUS new fish footage)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uy-Xi4hUaxY

Quarantine Set-up for Fish Part 1 -Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3x3bLc_0SkM

Quarantine Set-Up for Fish Part 2- Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFu8sgGftHA

Quarantine Set-up Part 3, Shrimp Disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Zrm1COijXM

Quick and Dirty Bog and Succulent Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMG2d8G2U7g

Quick and dirty plant updates- growth everywhere!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NH8OkmgKwQ

Quick and Dirty Updates!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVdRfdafdNU

Quick and Dirty Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b30PqTL28Pw

Rain Rain GO AWAY! Preventing bin overflow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKbPWm9qKE8

Rain water collection set up! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kedxeuOdZhs

Rare and BEAUTIFUL tiny Gourami!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkQaOvd_yew

Rare dither for Apistogramma-Tucano Tetra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_O1QUuNttQ

Rare Japanese Loach! Niwaella delicata
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7CM-Vc_U50

RARE Zebra type Pleco! L173
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzrCwW0Xpmk

Really Bad Unboxing and Fishmas Treats for the Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pO_wFpugMgg

Red CrystalOdessa Barb, Pethia padamya-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AszhbkfEkuw

Rediscovered!! Siamese Dwarf Rasbora
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCvzRpOGtfk

Rednosed shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEsRBRtey18

Redoing my pleco tank to encourage breeding- L306 part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAkWS-nbmuI

Relaxing fish footage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-c4s-YcVTg

Relaxing with my aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_h57KO7uGmw

Relaxing with my Monster Primitive Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLZuMYKQVE8

Rescaping with fish in the tank- 75g Shellie Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uetsDuIKLA

Rhinogobious zhoui- males flaring in the 150g
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxML4qHikWE

Ricefish GALORE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXjvDzM0ncA

Rock and Roll-A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w88xwagaXoo

Rocket or Clown Killifish- Great for a Nano
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdvC8cP_mH0

Rosy Loach Petruichthys sp Rosy -Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCf-urnugBs

Ruby Tetra, the hidden gem of the tetra world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QE-8Sxlvpoc

Rummynose tetra feeding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOuFKcYq2Mg

Running out of time!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hKk3s2HOzc

Saddled bichir Polypterus endlicheri endlicher-Species Spotlight MONSTER edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-8AdM8YpKU

Salt and Pepper Cory, Corydoras habrosus  Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hlDSwA070w

Sand for a Planted Aquarium Amazing Transformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqbrgYwWj18

Sassy and Striking-  Kerri Tetra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0sWccmlC-E

SASSY little livebearer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM2m5r3Iywg

Saving my hobby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xjd65rYWqM8

Saying Good-bye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XU-lMBxbD1E

Scads of L144 (blue eyed ancistrus) fry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeO8E_3w4Oo

Scarlet badis, Dario dario-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cmV8jQvWu4

Scarlet Goby- Rhinogobious zhoui-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYi5Sjzldrw

Schooling vs Shoaling - Why does it matter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0h2qvkqVn4

Seahorse Found Object Sculpture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OJX5UVXxhI

Searching for Shiners!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aK_-gJWxWqQ

Season 4 PondTub Standout Plant!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyQGBjrzask

Season Premier! Summer Tubbin'- Did the plants make it through the winter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xj1aACIbqe8

Secret Garden in an Abandoned School
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agEGjXTQ_JI

Segrest Farms Breeding Facility and University of Florida Aquaculture Lab-Traveling the fish scene-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_md3xkKXsZ8

Setting up a culture of White Worms-Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge4fvTgBrXo

Setting up a Dwarf Shrimp breeding tank- Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjBpvjQlXHE

Setting up a QUICK and EASY shrimp tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQiKnm3kzxo

Setting up and using my NEW camera! A day in the Life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr-bKOJbzNE

Setting up Quarantine tanks for a BIG hillstream order-A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56agDp9gBSI

Sexing Bamboo shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTbCJ8oNC3Y

Sexing Sewellia- Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nanJCmUp2cc

SEXY Indian Barb  Drapefin Barb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNzqL9AtCzI

SEXY Snakehead Betta!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0b1wsi6REk

Shelldweller deep dive and a mini makeover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTDxVJ7wiYo

Shipments will be delayed!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNc2NfKxoZQ

Shipping, Surgeons, and a Spec Update-  Fishmas Day 11
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRaafTnFM_k

Should I redo the Shellie tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PU5XojRKnjs

Shrimp, Pump Maintenace, and Tank Tour- A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FthqWFKbm4

Sicyopus zosterophorus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMm_i9r72WE

Silver Kuhli- The wiggliest of the wiggly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gdpv-VcZmlk

SIMPLE way to attach moss- CHEAP and EASY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5C1I5Buk30

Six months of YouTube! Bonus Footage- a new tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9s5d83-Bdw

SLOW MOTION Feeding of my MONSTER fish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-cMxGLJn5Q

Smallest Cichlid! Multies- Awesome little Shelldweller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCW0YpQurag

Snazzy Green Shrimp! Caridina cf. babaulti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvzxpY6NFvM

SNEAK PEEK! Pre-season Prep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlNokKZ3Doo

Snow Day Feeding Time! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0le1tr7zqk

SO EXCITED to get started on renovations!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULpSkyL0zXM

SO many baby fish and HUGE plant growth! Greenhouse updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kplpQpNr6Eo

so many fish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neMQ_Dv9-JU

SO much going on! Bog, Betta, Bins! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_sRUtu12Q8

So you think you want to try a Patio PondSummer Tub
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSuIReY1qZE

Some fish are smarter than others......
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-rZSzbwPig

Some projects go better then others! Aquascape ups and downs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbjOP0urZqc

Sometimes I question my sanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puZ9SMT_3Lg

Sometimes LITTLE fish need a LOT of space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FifIiGVTua0

Sometimes you have to change things up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TjU0xFWWts

Spangled Algae Eating Fish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwadgvqU40s

Sparkling Gourami-Tiny little croakers!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UH2zX5L4-wk

Spec Prune- A day in the life of a fish pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzrCj918rTw

Spotted Blue Eye rainbow, Pseudomugil gertruae-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZVdcuNz5cs

Spying on my fish- Betta (Sid Fishous) Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EwYTZWxO3Q

Spying on Sid- INSIDE my Betta Nano
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOzboGugpK0

Spying on the Blackwater, Updates, and an Unboxing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gYuI7j4NtU

Squee Alert- Panda Cory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkCI4R1dhyw

State of the Fishroom! Dreams vs Reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1OrY5rMRYw

State of the fishroom- Gratuitous fish footage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXKvlBootZk

Step by Step- Natural Turtle Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgJLrxGjZnE

Stress Relief During Crisis (75g Sand Tank)- Bonus Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LDJ7sJJRXc

STUNNING Centerpiece fish- Butterfly Ram Cichlid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LT5baX9l4IY

Stunning Dwarf Blue-eyed Rainbow! Pseudomugil luminatus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whYbGpJuQoE

Stunning Pygmy Sunfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiYuj-BCjRI

Success or Failure Goldfish Community Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Laf-PdxVGgM

SUCCESS! Import Update -A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPKRKq-8jRY

SUCCESS! Lotus bloom time lapse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROAFxJu0mr0

Succulent planter made from clearance items
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3ACeiWMIyA

Summer Bin Updates, Hardscape shipment, and Moss tank trim! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrxVI7nwaLA

Summer Tubbin' FAQ- Feeding Water Changes Predators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMJRMxchK8U

Summer Tubbin' Fry Results-You win some, you lose some
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwrdevxMGt0

Summer Tubbin' Season 2- Rain Rain Go Away!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaTguhH-08s

Summer Tubbin' Season THREE! Pregaming in the Greenhouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsUNE0JRdOE

Summer Tubbing DISASTER- Fry HAUL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOuXeEdJa7g

Summer Tubbing Part 1, bin choice and placement- Tuesday tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqN0vEbcJCQ

Summer Tubbing Part 2- Planting- Tuesday tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsObyerLvJw

Summer Tubbing Part 3, Filtration- Tuesday tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzIFn26_fAo

Summer Tubbing part 4- Adding Fish, Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNwG2gYwNl0

Sundadanio Red -Tiny and beautiful!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVJeYi7_j0M

Sunday Species Updates!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldfnC1BjLog

Sundedanio axelrodi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6CD9KF7gAGo

Super EASY but BEAUTIFUL DIY Gift!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sawCT693-o

SUPER Rare Pleco field trip- A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7nV7o0fgjo

Super Suckers! Sewellia species
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYnVSoAmu9c

Support Stakes for climbing vines (Pothos, Scindapsus, Cissus, etc)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaNHSZy9Zwo

Surprise Spawn! Species Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiTLX9AASz0

Surprising test results! Stocking choices for my professional Aquascape
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yh9v-7aSHg

Switching Up The Fishroom Layout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-qCFkhF6lc

Take your child to work day- vlog 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LAQ-sTQvy8

Teeny Tiny Surface Dweller  Pygmy Hatchetfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izUfO4YEneU

Testing the intelligence of my fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISZS0SQunq4

Testing Water Hardness-Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhOTLxOx2RM

The Amano shrimp, Caridina multidentata-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzVubzrYq8Y

The Assassin snail, Clea helena-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHJGNP0CV2g

The bane of my existence!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYUHzNfUOVc

The best laid plans.....one step forward, two steps back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZ02-buYG6o

The Chili Rasbora, Boraras brigittae- Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7eBr1X6DfA

The How and Why of Sponge Filtration- The Quick and Dirty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5hMyCKCU6I

The MAIN reason summer tubbing works SO well!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6l0LnuWFNec

The One-eyed Welder teaches us to build a stand- part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lA5g1jM-hA8

The season has BEGUN!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciUtUWWyWn0

The Secret to my Planted Aquariums!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Osasw5lkF9c

The toughest nano fish ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0WRcUmyfQI

The Truth about Mystery Snails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d029yRx9SKw

The war of the wiggles-Comparing all three dwarf cory species
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DZ9HRd_ilU

THEN and NOW- The Big Boys 220g Primitive Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEYzV7YGk6c

These stripy guys give me the willies! Kuhli loaches!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCf40DwZrco

They are getting SO BIG!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EkGQiEQe7A

They can't live forever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPRrU6qEwSk

They could TAKE our fish!!! Current Fish Legislation and what WE can do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lntGqbe7X6s

They did AMAZING!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twvFDV6b3CM

They look AMAZING!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1AEOouqaEQ

They sent the WRONG fish! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNTXsraZ9sc

They STOLE my plants!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WECrm9z7ROA

They were the WRONG plants!!! And a goldfish update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iF5mhIkmNw

Things are a MESS around here- Family disaster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pIDWEJnel4

Things are changing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIr2gfJwqzk

This is a problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGThFSXZ88g

This is NOT what I had planned for today....tank disaster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eC8ZwOD-2eo

This is why kuhli loaches freak me out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcxwdEoGC5s

This Shrimp acts like a FILTER- Bamboo Shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsuheXE1wwE

This snail eats hydra! Asolene spixi, the Zebra Apple Snail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTdp5r1jQkU

This snail is the PERFECT algae eater!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cTe08VJ_4E

Three Banded Apisto  Apistogramma Trifasciata
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yS5dYYCM7ho

Three EASY Ways to Pot Pond Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0nixUb0xEY

THREE new groups of US native fish!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03KKvmbW_Ek

Three YEARS of looking at my shellies!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEh5Pmt8xpI

Tide pooling and a visit to Aquarium Co-op. Seattle Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvG56SHBowQ

Time flies! One year update on the 150g Modified Asian Hillstream Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79CUx4OhbTA

Time to fertilize the lilies! opening the yard tubs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar9iA8-qysM

Tiny Catfish and a CLEAN fishroom! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLOyclaeVNo

Tiny Catfish eat out of my hand!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DGw_GlIItY

TINY little flowers! Red Root Floater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LwLIZqi1Lc

Tiny pet turtle being adorable for five minutes straight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YO1CLSJ5GjA

Tiny Schooler! Dwarf Scissortail-Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFM38gqbsys

Tiny Shelldweller - Species update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EScD54gbDE8

TINY victories in the Fish Room-  Quick and Dirty Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8ZgGwSVsNI

Tips and tricks for planting small, carpeting plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHf3a10Zm3s

Tissue Cultured Aquarium Plants- the quick and dirty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ou7_L8NdBs

To cO2 or not to cO2- The verdict is in!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_6GMKSOSzk

To feed or not to feed, the great vacationholiday dilemma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkyO0ndwJZo

Tool Kit for fishkeeping at hotels!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iidNoiAB9Z4

Top 10 Aquatic Photography Tips for ANY level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMlZO4rqS-w

TPWM (Trim Plants With Me)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrHZyeX__tE

Trash to Treasure- DIY Found Object Coat Rack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLwgnP3ayRA

Traveling Fish Pimp-  A peek into Portland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMe07k1PHn4

Traveling the fish scene- Kris Weinhold and GWAPA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syG04MZh0-o

Tri-banded Sumo Loach, Schistura cf  balteata -Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8RVsMlDogc

Trigonostigma hengeli
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXsgLHM8peE

Tropical Gar, Atractosteus tropicus- Species Spotlight MONSTER edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LLEtL7kaJ0

Trying out a Snail Trap and Pellet training the babies -A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYVwsH_qMN4

Trying to save my very sick, very old Oscar fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00F_5RQ9zCQ

Tuesday tip- on the injured list
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0hV33Rtlek

Twig Catfish- Masters of disguise!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KAV0ba472g

TWO MONTHS of treatment! We saved my Oscar!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpYqIARxAYQ

Unboxing and Bagging Fish- A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xirNh5baZ6g

Unboxing fan mail- New shells and carnivorous plants!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toKQFexvpYE

Underrated Classic- Black Neon Tetra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sd8HxRwgcUg

Understanding Total Dissolved Solids (TDS)-Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SNx-Pug8qE

United States versus Canadian Fish Shows!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjDbcv092NA

Up close and personal with Black Darter Tetras
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP-Wq0t7e2E

Updates and tons of fish footage! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XG7ZVBvnC4s

Updates to the Bins 150g River tank 2.6g Fluval Spec and Shrimp Nano- Tuesday Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cL5kErg3HZY

Using Aquarium Salt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUnvAzloXzM

Using superglue to attach low light plants-Tuesday Tip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ziIWHUXJbI

Vacation Care in the Fishroom!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klkQyPP6Dk0

Vietnamese White Cloud  Excellent Community Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nHMy2THsD0

Visiting an Axolotl Breeder for Valentine's Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tO43BaGqHg

Vlog 2-- Abby and Region 2 USA Diving Championships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqCR2AufkLY

Vote on which Tetra for the 75g Nano community!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wNyATJYu54

Watching my fish watch me- BIG BOYS edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dl58sydx68

Water Gardening Outdoors- Season 5 Begins!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZwRn4DO9Xg

Water Lotuses OVER 6 FEET tall!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtbQ7ZyxkcA

We have fry! Summer Tubbing Part 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zv9CUnSF3LA

We have Pygmy Sunfish fry!! Breaking Down one of the 30g tubs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnFmKHXSmDI

We need to talk about nano heaters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_rTybFTays

Week in Review- Nano to MONSTER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjcpIKSu93M

Week in Review-Floating Planters, Algae Destroyers, and Stocking Tubs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sScEQInZ-ts

Weekend Projects!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fndOP1elgFA

Welcome to my fishroom!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rpkyv8iP40

Were they a mistake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlcRi38sNaM

What fish did I choose Bonus Tub Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EjndT_R6LU

WHAT is an L number anyway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWdhbxjJ2HM

WHAT is in my NERD KIT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JchM3dMbJyI

What makes an aquarium successful (all 6 wild betta come out!!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kw1zaNOyiRk

WHAT makes an aquarium successful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDkULX2GTqM

What size tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgpAuquAdjk

What the heck Where did THESE come from Storytime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvwgayNhJ6o

What to look for, Quarantine set-up for fish Part 4, Tuesday Tips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3so99P_Jy4

What's going on with my miracle goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akb6M6Nyq-8

What's she building in there! A day in the life of a Fish Pimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAwwsGWuWFA

WHEN and HOW to clean our sponge filter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MvkriXRbbs

WHEN How long What Temperature FAQ's of Summer Tubbin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-8Xoy0sgkI

WHEN to feed shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPT6NFeJQ7k

When will I ship fish again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HO12zxGlHDA

Where I find my motivation- week in review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9QvB6fhCws

Which bins for summer tubbing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCna7bx2Sww

Which fish and shrimp made the cut Summer Tubbing Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOT5ExtYUH8

Which fish for the bins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMQ_3Hoeoq8

Which fish made the Summer Tubbin' cut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUtJBtdbIsA

White Cloud Mountain Minnow, Tanichthys albonubes- Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNIk764mMhc

Who is msjinkzd My overdue introduction!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgRO7co67X0

Whoa! So this happened! 100k!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKE-bIttptw

WHOA! They surprised me!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrT7bWbfs6A

Why BROWN water can be GOOD for our tanks!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjnOx7XqZ_Q

Why cleaner fish are a BAD idea!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKOwlBoRIs0

Why haven't I had this for years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxmhLwYEQno

Why Water Change Anyway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpYRPsfOXcc

WILD (feral) goldfish in abandoned building!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3sihe9YsTvE

Wild bee shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1f7pRjY_WSU

Wild Bettas, Weird Fish Mouths, and More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUOwIpwxfC0

WILD Taiwan Bee Shrimp- Small and Sexy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrq0YT_fJb4

Will I heat the Greenhouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pinXknmWxs

Will it EVER be finished 150g Hillstream Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xwiLzs_YoE

Will they be ok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZZMENCfZXE

Will they shred it Adding plants to a Gar Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzjWzWjTmU4

Will this get them to spawn Honeycomb Catfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhRfKjWGvbU

World's SMALLEST livebearer! Least Killifish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wt_LgIh3LBo

Worlds Most Popular Nano fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noLy2828hK8

WOW! Goldfish Color Change!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yb8KzQ548BI

y. cruciatus loaches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJWzWwYWd4U

Yellow Neocaridina picking at substrate (1878870)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePZgDoyurK0

Yellow Neocaridina picking at substrate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNlfA5w-8Sg

YES! FINALLY moving some fish out!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5jTe4fgOMk

YES! My supplies have arrived!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=010Tm_MLbas

YES! The day has ARRIVED! First fish are IN!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phowPDQFWoU

You asked for it!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cft4pHCLpMM

You deserve to know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0rjFQJAxis

You win some you lose some- racing mother nature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzyTtxS4ldk

Zebra oto, Otocinclus cocama- Species Spotlight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHu41DmGil8
Rachel O'Leary - Videos