
1.  80s Party Playlist ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPxtpi9-cRI&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

2.  a-ha - Take On Me (Official Video) [Remastered in 4K].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djV11Xbc914&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

3.  Alphaville - Forever Young ~Official Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1TcDHrkQYg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

4.  Bananarama - Cruel Summer (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9ml3nyww80&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

5.  Beastie Boys - (You Gotta) Fight For Your Right (To Party) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBShN8qT4lk&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

6.  Benjamin Orr - Stay the Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ySLmwsfP4Q&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

7.  Berlin - Take My Breath Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx51eegLTY8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

8.  Billy Idol - Eyes Without A Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OFpfTd0EIs&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

9.  Billy Ocean - Caribbean Queen (No More Love on the Run) (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxX2gA18grk&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

10.  Blondie - Call Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StKVS0eI85I&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

11.  Blondie - Heart Of Glass (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGU_4-5RaxU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

12.  Blondie - Rapture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHCdS7O248g&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

13.  Bobby Brown - Every Little Step (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0FKzPfsxA4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

14.  Bruce Springsteen - Born in the U.S.A. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPhWR4d3FJQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

15.  Bruce Springsteen - Dancing In the Dark (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=129kuDCQtHs&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

16.  Commodores - Nightshift (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrkEDe6Ljqs&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

17.  Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9gKyRmic20&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

18.  Culture Club - Karma Chameleon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmcA9LIIXWw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

19.  Cyndi Lauper - Girls Just Want To Have Fun (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIb6AZdTr-A&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

20.  Cyndi Lauper - Time After Time (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdQY7BusJNU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

21.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - I Can't Go For That (No Can Do) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccenFp_3kq8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

22.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - Maneater (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRYFKcMa_Ek&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

23.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - You Make My Dreams (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EErSKhC0CZs&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

24.  David Bowie & Mick Jagger - Dancing In The Street (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HasaQvHCv4w&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

25.  David Bowie - Let's Dance (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbD_kBJc_gI&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

26.  David Bowie - Modern Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HivQqTtiHVw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

27.  DeBarge - Rhythm Of The Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAQSZhazYk8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

28.  Def Leppard - Pour some sugar on me (US version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52FFFWAPZpk&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

29.  Depeche Mode - Just Can't Get Enough (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6FBfAQ-NDE&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

30.  Depeche Mode - Never Let Me Down Again (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snILjFUkk_A&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

31.  Depeche Mode - Strangelove (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIrm0dHbCDU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

32.  Dire Straits - Walk Of Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kd9TlGDZGkI&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

33.  Dolly Parton - 9 To 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbxUSsFXYo4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

34.  Duran Duran - Hungry like the Wolf (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJL-lCzEXgI&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

35.  Duran Duran - Rio (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTizYn3-QN0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

36.  Earth, Wind & Fire - Let's Groove (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lrle0x_DHBM&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

37.  Eddie Murphy - Party All the Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWa-6g-TbgI&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

38.  Erasure - A Little Respect (Official HD Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x34icYC8zA0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

39.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

40.  Falco - Rock Me Amadeus (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVikZ8Oe_XA&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

41.  Fleetwood Mac - Everywhere (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF1R0hc5Q2I&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

42.  Fleetwood Mac - Gypsy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwgg1Pu6cNg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

43.  Fleetwood Mac - Little Lies (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCGD9dT12C0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

44.  Fleetwood Mac - Seven Wonders (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9b4F_ppjnKU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

45.  Genesis - Invisible Touch (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpmiZ7zsHXY&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

46.  Genesis - Land of Confusion (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq7FKO5DlV0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

47.  George Benson - Give Me The Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIF7wKJb2iU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

48.  George Harrison - Got My Mind Set On You (Version II).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_71w4UA2Oxo&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

49.  George Michael - Faith (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Cs3Pvmmv0E&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

50.  Go West - King Of Wishful Thinking (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBZUz4C6kqk&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

51.  Grace Jones - Pull Up To The Bumper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tc1IphRx1pk&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

52.  Guns N' Roses - Sweet Child O' Mine (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w7OgIMMRc4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

53.  John Fogerty - Centerfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xq3hEMUeBGQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

54.  John Parr - St. Elmo's Fire (Man In Motion) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dx7vNdAb5e4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

55.  Kajagoogoo - Too Shy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkpG4XApJ28&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

56.  Katrina & The Waves - Walking On Sunshine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPUmE-tne5U&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

57.  Kenny Loggins - Danger Zone (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siwpn14IE7E&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

58.  Kenny Loggins - Playing with the Boys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3cd0zxd7EU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

59.  Kim Carnes - Bette Davis Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPOIS5taqA8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

60.  Laura Branigan - Gloria (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNEb2k_EmMg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

61.  Laura Branigan - Self Control (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RP0_8J7uxhs&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

62.  Limahl - Never Ending Story (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WN0T-Ee3q4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

63.  Lionel Richie - All Night Long (All Night).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqAvFx3NxUM&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

64.  Madness - Our House (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXA6CLTDekw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

65.  Madonna - Borderline (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSaC-YbSDpo&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

66.  Madonna - Burning Up (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pufec0Hps00&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

67.  Madonna - Express Yourself (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsVcUzP_O_8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

68.  Madonna - Into The Groove (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52iW3lcpK5M&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

69.  Madonna - La Isla Bonita [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpzdgmqIHOQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

70.  Madonna - Like A Prayer (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79fzeNUqQbQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

71.  Madonna - Like A Virgin (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s__rX_WL100&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

72.  Madonna - Lucky Star [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThHz9wlBeLU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

73.  Madonna - Material Girl (Official Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6p-lDYPR2P8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

74.  Madonna - Papa Don't Preach (Official Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G333Is7VPOg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

75.  Madonna - Vogue [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuJQSAiODqI&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

76.  Madonna - Who's That Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0qDBYiOBrc&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

77.  Marvin Gaye - Sexual Healing (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjlSiASsUIs&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

78.  Men At Work - Down Under (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfR9iY5y94s&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

79.  Men At Work - Overkill (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RY7S6EgSlCI&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

80.  Men At Work - Who Can It Be Now (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SECVGN4Bsgg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

81.  Michael Jackson - Bad (Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUXAEzaC3Q&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

82.  Michael Jackson - Billie Jean (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi_XLOBDo_Y&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

83.  Michael Jackson - Smooth Criminal (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_D3VFfhvs4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

84.  Michael Jackson - Thriller (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOnqjkJTMaA&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

85.  Mr. Mister - Broken Wings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKhN1t_7PEY&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

86.  New Edition - Cool It Now (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZUq6N7Gx1c&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

87.  New Order - Blue Monday 88 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GMjH1nR0ds&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

88.  Nu Shooz - I Can't Wait (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJ1tBVtYOBc&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

89.  Paul Simon - You Can Call Me Al (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uq-gYOrU8bA&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

90.  Pet Shop Boys - Always On My Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDe60CbIagg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

91.  Pet Shop Boys - West End Girls (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3j2NYZ8FKs&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

92.  peter cetera - glory of love (Video Official) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQHhqDRn4_c&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

93.  Peter Gabriel - Sledgehammer (HD version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJWJE0x7T4Q&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

94.  Phil Collins - In The Air Tonight (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkADj0TPrJA&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

95.  Phil Collins - Sussudio (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0qBaBb1Y-U&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

96.  Philip Bailey, Phil Collins - Easy Lover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkRKT6T0QLg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

97.  Prince & The Revolution - Kiss (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9tEvfIsDyo&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

98.  Prince & The Revolution - Let's Go Crazy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXJhDltzYVQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

99.  Prince & The Revolution - Raspberry Beret (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7vRSu_wsNc&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

100.  Prince & The Revolution - When Doves Cry (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG3VcCAlUgE&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

101.  Prince - 1999 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rblt2EtFfC4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

102.  Prince - Little Red Corvette (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0KpfrJE4zw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

103.  Prince - Purple Rain (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvnYmWpD_T8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

104.  Queen - Another One Bites the Dust (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rY0WxgSXdEE&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

105.  Queen - I Want To Break Free (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4Mc-NYPHaQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

106.  Queen - Under Pressure (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a01QQZyl-_I&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

107.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

108.  Rob Base & DJ EZ Rock - It Takes Two.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phOW-CZJWT0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

109.  Rod Stewart - Tonight I'm Yours (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvvdUjTjcKc&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

110.  Rod Stewart - Young Turks (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQ41hqlV0Kk&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

111.  Roxette - Listen To Your Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCC_b5WHLX0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

112.  Roxette - The Look.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlVI7ZNiFlI&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

113.  Roxy Music - Avalon (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpA_5a0miWk&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

114.  Roxy Music - More Than This.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOnde5c7OG8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

115.  RUN DMC - Walk This Way (Official HD Video) ft. Aerosmith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4B_UYYPb-Gk&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

116.  Salt-N-Pepa - Push It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCadcBR95oU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

117.  Sheila E. - The Glamorous Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Zqtl8azCs8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

118.  Simple Minds - Don't You (Forget About Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdqoNKCCt7A&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

119.  Spandau Ballet - Gold (HD Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntG50eXbBtc&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

120.  Steve Winwood - Higher Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9olaIio3l8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

121.  Stevie Nicks - Stand Back (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwS9BIqbffU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

122.  Stevie Nicks - Stop Draggin' My Heart Around (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5i7j0VhEHw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

123.  Talk Talk - It's My Life ( Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFH5JgyZK1I&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

124.  Talking Heads - Once in a Lifetime (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IsSpAOD6K8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

125.  Tears For Fears - Everybody Wants To Rule The World (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGCdLKXNF3w&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

126.  The B-52's - Love Shack (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SOryJvTAGs&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

127.  The Bangles - Walk Like an Egyptian (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv6tuzHUuuk&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

128.  The Cars - Drive (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuZA6qiJVfU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

129.  The Cars - You Might Think (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dOx510kyOs&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

130.  The Clash - Rock the Casbah (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJ9r8LMU9bQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

131.  The Fixx - One Thing Leads To Another (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHYIGy1dyd8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

132.  The Human League - Don't You Want Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPudE8nDog0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

133.  The Outfield - Your Love (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N1iwQxiHrs&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

134.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

135.  The Police - Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aENX1Sf3fgQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

136.  The Proclaimers - I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbNlMtqrYS0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

137.  The Psychedelic Furs - Love My Way (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGD9i718kBU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

138.  The Smiths - This Charming Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJRP3LRcUFg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

139.  The Time - Cool (Official Music Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5RwQ6d35wA&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

140.  Tina Turner - The Best (Official Music Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GC5E8ie2pdM&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

141.  Tina Turner - What's Love Got to Do with It [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGpFcHTxjZs&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

142.  Todd Rundgren - Bang The Drum All Day (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7Tcggo45TQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

143.  Todd Rundgren - Hideaway (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OUcRO5eu1o&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

144.  Tom Tom Club - Genius Of Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCWCF19nUhA&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

145.  Toto - Africa (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

146.  Toto - Rosanna (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmOLtTGvsbM&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

147.  Van Halen - Hot For Teacher (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M4_Ommfvv0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

148.  Van Halen - Jump (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwYN7mTi6HM&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

149.  Van Halen - Panama (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuKDBPw8wQA&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

150.  Whitesnake - Here I Go Again '87 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyF8RHM1OCg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

151.  Whitney Houston - How Will I Know (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3-hY-hlhBg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

152.  Whitney Houston - I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eH3giaIzONA&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

153.  YES - Owner of a Lonely Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVOuYquXuuc&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

154.  ZZ Top - Gimme All Your Lovin' (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ae829mFAGGE&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

155.  ZZ Top - Legs (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUDcTLaWJuo&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf

156.  ZZ Top - Sharp Dressed Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wRHBLwpASw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yXrCPGIT2gn8b34JjOrl4Xf
80s Music Hits  Best 80s Music Playlist