
1.  .ts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Alais_Clay/Videos_on_Her_youtube_page/.ts/.ts.txt

1.  #TheReturnOfLowkeyChallenge - Alais Clay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X25TKsCYfrw

2.  .ahk


3.  2014 Wandering Monks - Casualties of War.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtvVX-oz2xg

4.  Alais Clay + Mike Wird - Heat Brewin' LIVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpQCk63B2Iw

5.  Alais Clay - 'In The Light'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bab_07mBKqI

6.  Alais Clay - 'Message' (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3Wh1mNdTJY

7.  Alais Clay - Coals Into Diamonds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBV-avF9P-E

8.  Alais Clay - Cut The Ties feat. GhostRyder & Steve Grant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqCvD0416c4

9.  Alais Clay - Deadly Rain [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNpR4TjVPtc

10.  Alais Clay - Mountains We Move LIVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xd-1bggHjaI

11.  Alais Clay - Renegade Slave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Q6oqPuzA5k

12.  Alais Clay - We Will March.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8R254Bno5I

13.  Alais Clay live at Convergence 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BO4kBX2pCDc

14.  Alais Clay Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVzwHZ6ovd8

15.  Conversation with Patricia Richards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhNsOU5hLAc

16.  Dixon's Violin live @ ARISE Festival 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmFI0dSSjok

17.  Freedom Movement - God's Land.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Q2ZLxqMLpc

18.  Freedom Movement live 7.9.2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgpnG0ZY8EQ

19.  Jax interviews Water Protector- Janene Hampton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R71bi417eJc

20.  Keith Curley @ ARISE Fest. 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTNloupYIS4

21.  Miaaja Rose & Ashley Willfire cover 'River' @ StarWater Wednesday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXh7OaVtW6U

22.  No Lullaby - Alais Clay [2020].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbBg0VgfnJ8

23.  One 4 Community.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IywCzOjIqNE

24.  Outta My Way - Alais Clay 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBnEWhJU6EU

25.  Pain R.I.P. - Alais Clay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvouxUrZbRo

26.  Stars Collide - Maiyu Ondaro & Alais Clay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVmY0SVQ_ps

27.  StarWater Wednesday ft. Zoë Clare & TOTEM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBrahumS1jo

28.  Zoë Clare Live @ StarWater Wednesday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRz3ugKUDg8
Videos on Her youtube page