
1.  All Nighter '09 Bathroom Attendant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6rpaL8rFOE&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

2.  All Nighter '09 Beef Gurewitch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wEDz3t3CKA&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

3.  All Nighter '09 DaveyDanceBlog #64.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2t8uieb4CM&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

4.  All Nighter '09 Devil Sticks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vntorC0RgHM&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

5.  All Nighter '09 Harry Sax.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EQlWt6siAk&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

6.  All Nighter '09 Jake and Amir and Catan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AosXWafCXMg&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

7.  All Nighter '09 Philip Seymour Hoffman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6B93cAoKYM&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

8.  All Nighter '09 Pissbusters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjdDkhIrU7s&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

9.  All Nighter '09 Red Shirts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5kov-HyULg&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

10.  All Nighter '09 Special Brownies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6ygXZTOOFg&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

11.  All Nighter '09 Spooning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7o0Uire8vg&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

12.  All Nighter '09 Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPrpxXAxJeE&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

13.  All Nighter '09 Voicebox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSpU_S638ZI&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

14.  All Nighter III Bleep Bloop - Broken Lizard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XttZjqcpwzQ&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

15.  All Nighter III Exterminators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-Cf8s5fi9Y&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

16.  All Nighter III Hans Gruber.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjPzci894Wg&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

17.  All Nighter III Juke.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1ymdQ0JLT4&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

18.  All Nighter III New Boss.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSEXr-IYpxQ&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

19.  All Nighter III Office Desmond.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekdw_y-Yn7g&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

20.  All Nighter III Pajama Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXHDTACKBJg&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

21.  All Nighter III Phantom After Dark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r72nGm9DgRs&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

22.  All Nighter III Spin the Bottle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xb199NIMkjw&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

23.  All Nighter III The Internet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrUmjPkMKyQ&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

24.  All Nighter III Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xriKDsJRjFU&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

25.  All Nighter III Write That Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywrxzsZGPK8&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

26.  All-Nighter Alphabetical Sketch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRk3-nAFJ7A&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

27.  All-Nighter Art Heist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DTxLyP2BoM&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

28.  All-Nighter Beef Gurewitch 3 Reckoning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lt8nc_hmW0I&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

29.  All-Nighter First Aid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqcUyxYXhr8&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

30.  All-Nighter III Jake and Amir - Toilet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZLIExWi2c0&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

31.  All-Nighter III Pee Quirks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GG3qo-O8VJE&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

32.  All-Nighter Jake and Amir's Dream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FX6ysn7u-k&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

33.  All-Nighter Perpetual Motion Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFtrn4vvTkk&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

34.  All-Nighter Rap Intro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syEEuSwoaJE&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

35.  All-Nighter Robot Sex Toy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMquhqX8tLU&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

36.  All-Nighter Too Phantom Too Furious.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hCkePvd-Wc&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

37.  All-Nighter Wrong Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPTvzoWDj4k&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

38.  Ball Busting PSA (All-Nighter 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzCZ_ME8-zc&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

39.  Batman of the Office (All-Nighter 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4_7AwPAXzKk&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

40.  Black Widow Is Not A Fake Nerd Girl (All-Nighter 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNk3XVKVTeQ&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

41.  Bleep Bloop Q & A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGC1wKgfdRc&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

42.  Bleep Bloop Slumber Party (All-Nighter 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9a1ijw6Ss6E&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

43.  CollegeHumor Passes The Bechdel Test (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AvuMzSkees&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

44.  Eating Contest ft. Ben Schwartz (All-Nighter 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71SGa9cu88Y&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

45.  Fight Walk (All-Nighter 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8WXh5O_fcY&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

46.  Gale Beggy Sleepover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oei6hsn9CT8&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

47.  George R.R. Martin Writes The All-Nighter (All-Nighter 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oj6S3LAWj88&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

48.  Getting Stuck In A Bad Conversation Next To A Good Conversation (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEa2hbBDHYo&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

49.  Hardly Working Acceptance Letters (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KW4-AIoPxw&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

50.  Hardly Working Alumni (All-Nighter 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UryLXzFI-fk&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

51.  Hardly Working Beef Gurewitch Returns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUvu8FXMFRc&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

52.  Hardly Working Book Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpa0e1hQERg&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

53.  Hardly Working Braun Tatherton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTGoVh_LBqE&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

54.  Hardly Working CatDog (All-Nighter 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrmRaDGf0CQ&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

55.  Hardly Working Divorced Dad (All-Nighter 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kguvn36BO2A&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

56.  Hardly Working Douchebag Office.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9PJSV4XHcw&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

57.  Hardly Working Drawing Board (All-Nighter 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86OfG8M0eEA&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

58.  Hardly Working Hugh Jackman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2stifyjObs&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

59.  Hardly Working Mexican Standoff (All-Nighter 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYAGTdeceYM&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

60.  Hardly Working Pee on Your Butt (All-Nighter 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvG7QvaWc0E&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

61.  Hardly Working Rap Skits with Dan Klein (All-Nighter 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzzeBivG--c&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

62.  Hardly Working Spitballing (All-Nighter 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2xN7DSqwVk&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

63.  If Tag Were as Complicated as German Board Games (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1S32ISJJVs&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

64.  Jake and Amir Food Poisoning (All-Nighter 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZvJuf3GaTY&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

65.  Jake and Amir Hoops (All-Nighter 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovw0Wo5Hdck&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

66.  Oh, I Didn't See You There (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVdTGeDG9zQ&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

67.  Our Best (Worst) Rejected Song Parodies (All-Nighter 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KI2Z5rZl_n0&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

68.  Rejected Song Parodies 2 (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HHUXQQCJTA&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

69.  Should We Make Another Contest Video (All-Nighter 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xcyfgvvNJc&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

70.  Snowboarders Infest CollegeHumor (All-Nighter 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwYJaRWqb0Q&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

71.  The Weirdest Conversation You'll Overhear (All-Nighter 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyEZIbazxxI&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

72.  This Stripper is So Sexy It's Illegal (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6LR3XtZWmI&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

73.  This Wizard's Riddles Are Bad Riddles (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZxlh4SH7ZQ&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

74.  What If Offices Took Birthday Celebrations Too Far (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uhaaajt4ic&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

75.  You're Eating Garbage (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g866L-kbDE&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

76.  You're Not Deep, You're Drunk (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3o-apE9pHrI&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49

77.  YouTube Closed Captioning Experiment (All-Nighter 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Txvud7wPbv4&list=PLsICxpoE7aQHZBY9GeJ-OWSWAR6ZHfq49
CollegeHumor's All-Nighters (2009-2015)