
C Programming in Linux Tutorial #001 - Hello World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKNjXvMB0MY

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #002 - Data Types int and char
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nz3aPFHgk-A

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #003 - Data Types float, double, and long int
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btzTHV27h6w

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #004 - Data Types strings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGVzHAtCBRw

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #005 - Data Types pointer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kM-dGZgX3Hc

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #006 - Data Types Array
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVvOpkRZCsk

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #007 - If-Then-Else Statement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRNMlqJDWq4

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #008 - For Loop Statement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBexz3rSziE

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #009 - while Loop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCPRK_1MxUc

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #010 - struct Statement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAL8jRQERxE

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #011 - typedef Statement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pIl4c36hhQ

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #012 - Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr6s6_3VuAI

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #013 - Function Pointers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HK1ujzlrqqw

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #014 - Adding Comments in Source Code
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7b6oJ_0Gmg

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #015 - argc argv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plkZpe6qE0I

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #016 - Multiple Source Files
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e71Yt1W0f3Q

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #017 - String Functions and Operations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkDIj8K5saA

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #018 - Char Pointer vs Array Char
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIVeisHb4xY

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #019 - Preprocessor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQFT9FuwQ0w

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #020 - Unary and Binary Operations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjMigIs_acM

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #021 - Type Casting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-91N8H4bZU

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #022 - malloc() free()
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CvIX50bJk8

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #023 - Creating Header File
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hb5rv-B-684

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #024 - open() read() write() Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dP3N8g7h8gY

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #025 - readdir() opendir() Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbAfIGR_5XM

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #026 - fork() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tS-9zg3qfMY

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #027 - Bubble Sort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QrTIFNy6UM

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #028 - Recursion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ht9sUCgkiw

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #029 - pthreads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9IT5RAludA

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #030 - scanf() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylnP-kC6zWk

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #031 - switch-case Statement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYlmB90ZkNo

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #032 - qsort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ci4WIBe894U

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #033 - read() write() Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJw-6wkdK-U

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #034 - Socket Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFLQkmnmD0o

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #035 (Rev. 2) - Linked List
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opleuEk017M

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #036 - Shared Memory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMeDw2GDMsE

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #037 - pipe() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bNMkvcOKlc

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #038 - fopen() fread() fwrite() Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UD0X2bQGqeo

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #039 - mutex pthread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axwGR80q0Qw

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #040 - Dynamic Shared Libraries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNr4tAPvbvQ

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #041 - Static Shared Libraries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLcO-tgi-mU

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #042 - Static Variables
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BU7v5U3kec

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #043 - String to Integer Conversion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3d3kJw1h9Q

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #044 - Time Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCL1UU0Nr3A

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #045 - toupper() tolower() Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTlKBOgLgt8

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #046 - Semaphore pthread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYnNKdf7cZM

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #047 - system() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKAkg8fQo5E

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #048 - setenv() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwHC0FZwcaw

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #049 - Bit Shift Operation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ji_Pa2zPTk

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #050 - Macro Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlFr8wUcFxM

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #051 - Double Pointer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egsLhDJs2B0

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #052 - Two Dimensional Array Variable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vElNnKhRtW4

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #053 - Scope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKJHmveAqVQ

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #054 - Enum Type
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUxC2V4qvcE

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #055 - Signals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rggw61JtGz0

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #056 - GDB debugger (12)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlN3XI8kuhI

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #057 - GDB debugger (22)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UM2wf0zjBfM

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #058 - Code Optimization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kgc4IAUIglE

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #059 - Code Instrumentation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8FN6Y8G0v8

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #060 - (Part 12) getopt() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PrXd9Wo6jA

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #060 - (Part 22) getopt() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeNqqsGxM4k

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #061 - Math Library
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4Q30JUeRKY

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #062 - Binary Search Tree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBBJK1xFjDA

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #063 - Hash Program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAuWRfWo5hI

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #064 - mkdir() rmdir() symlink() unlink() Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4xZnIPNTN4

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #065 - exec() Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZksUSSU9IQ

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #066 - abort() assert() Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWaBIw24v0w

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #067 - Memory Map using mmap() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3z-SIxu1Tw

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #068 - strftime() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm8PKRTpH3Q

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #069 - Generating Random Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btvx-l8fedk

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #070 - Wide Characters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MGfg5piFPA

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #071 - fsync() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvAoag2MODo

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #072 - sendfile() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4gTEPo9m10

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #073 - GDBM Embedded Database
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c13SrW05gLw

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #074 - libusb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=If7qsVvkIH0

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #075 - Redirect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fL-zXw_oLbw

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #076 - lseek() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-OFPZVVYzg

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #077 - stat() Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LERSkW_pLBs

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #078 - va_start(), va_end(), va_arg() Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dZpDPFp6YU

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #079 - union
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tHAJgEkkks

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #080 - Trimming out end spaces in a string
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntSbck9Jgs4

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #081 - Field extraction from one-line record of flat file database
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1rjxF7lNeA

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #082 - Passing struct by value and by reference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRLooqP5VDI

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #083 - select() function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyFwGyTYe-M

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #084 - poll() function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP6B324Qh5k

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #085 - Segmentation fault handling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-a0vHOvyAk

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #086 - Solving Systems of Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlu_sFltONo

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #087 - Prime Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoULGU72tTg

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #088 - clone() function for creating new process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NXECbHd8mA

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #089 - Decimal to Binary Conversion Program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kU5q8uhNDP0

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #090 - goto Statement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBODMljZcwk

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #091 - C macros, __FILE__, __func__, __LINE__
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OwM0SaGq9Q

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #092 - Scanset Specifiers in scanf() function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDpovZolSBk

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #093 - Data Hiding or Encapsulation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyJPAFMzv4Y

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #094 - Decimal to Hexadecimal Conversion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DS65Q0EDfAA

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #095 - PI (p) Algorithm Implementation in C
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpeaXfvhWR8

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #096 - Floating Point Data Types, Mantissa and Exponent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSVdgl8PDyc

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #097 - Creating A Simple Database
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEenaPQXxFs

C Programming in Linux Tutorial #098 - A Simple Web Server Program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1bHO4VbUck
C Programming in Linux Tutorial