
C# Beginners Tutorial - 1 - Introduction and Installing C# 2010.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_9lfHjYtVg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 10 - Mathematical Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KG_ADNE4fg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 100 - TreeView pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pxVZuLfbjM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 101 - TreeView pt 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9E_ke7XrT74

C# Beginners Tutorial - 102 - Property Grid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jO8Yfi_843I

C# Beginners Tutorial - 103 - Accessing All Controls pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz6CtuLkucs

C# Beginners Tutorial - 104 - Accessing All Controls pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEu3Y5cTwZI

C# Beginners Tutorial - 105 - WebBrowser Control pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6esPvx0o5uU

C# Beginners Tutorial - 106 - WebBrowser Control pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jHIeHB-fyg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 107 - WebBrowser Control pt 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFSBdlP7QG8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 108 - TrackBar and NumericUpDown Controls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LseN7M_zZA0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 109 - Reading XML pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPY1v7sDK9w

C# Beginners Tutorial - 11 - Arrays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdrbVnMhDTQ

C# Beginners Tutorial - 110 - Reading XML pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wa9KbLDtxCI

C# Beginners Tutorial - 111 - Editing XML File.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPg7CMJ6q60

C# Beginners Tutorial - 112 - Writing New XML file.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSUxvnppFJA

C# Beginners Tutorial - 113 - Write Nodes to Existing XML File.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAvlXSAHRvk

C# Beginners Tutorial - 114 - Deleting a XML Node.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhYDIgF3OtM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 115 - MD5 and SHA1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_P315F8PHVc

C# Beginners Tutorial - 116 - TripleDES Encryption.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FN_yjEOdttw

C# Beginners Tutorial - 117 - TripleDES Decryption.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJu7pUsuAoo

C# Beginners Tutorial - 118 - Drag and Drop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8tfuST7hzY

C# Beginners Tutorial - 119 - Drawing Shapes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKckcMwyvPE

C# Beginners Tutorial - 12 - Lists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nP_kYxxhaX4

C# Beginners Tutorial - 120 - Drawing More Shapes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WeFMKk8Jxo

C# Beginners Tutorial - 121 - Drawing with Pen Class pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fY8REwOa1RM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 122 - Drawing With Pen Class pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWqM3PQvRdw

C# Beginners Tutorial - 123 - Drawing Strings Text.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrpDXEzyvGI

C# Beginners Tutorial - 124 - LinearGradientBrush.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlUKwUz2gsg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 125 - Multiple Colors in a LinearGradientBrush.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpnxasmPzFo

C# Beginners Tutorial - 126 - PathGradientBrush pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkcWtSv2j5Q

C# Beginners Tutorial - 127 - PathGradientBrush pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKmcXe8Mof0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 128 - Project 2 Paint Program, pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFVd6d0yvzU

C# Beginners Tutorial - 129 - Project 2 Paint Program, pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4L4i4NplZg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 13 - For and Foreach Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdLa8BtneF0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 130 - Project 2 Paint Program, pt 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEauSn7XyhA

C# Beginners Tutorial - 131 - Project 2 Paint Program, pt 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDxn_omSLeE

C# Beginners Tutorial - 132 - Project 2 Paint Program, pt 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2IEQWGDYdg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 133 - Making Controls pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WMT1jojpZs

C# Beginners Tutorial - 134 - Making Controls pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZTyafLW-JQ

C# Beginners Tutorial - 135 - Making Controls pt 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WKrldzEwC0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 136 - Making Controls pt 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sD_Pf4yK8-E

C# Beginners Tutorial - 137 - Making Controls pt 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kK8Y0HrEEf8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 138 - Making Controls pt 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQeKwhi10vU

C# Beginners Tutorial - 139 - Inheriting From Existing Controls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ow0JBlsRDj4

C# Beginners Tutorial - 14 - Do and Do While.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9n36Yru7UpM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 140 - Splash Screen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERuh0Rs4Vfw

C# Beginners Tutorial - 141 - Making a DLL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reG1qqkoHtU

C# Beginners Tutorial - 142 - Internal Access Modifier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFvuHpMviME

C# Beginners Tutorial - 143 - Comments and Descriptions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T5UjG69Ryk

C# Beginners Tutorial - 144 - Goto Keyword and Regions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrOox-nRW4Q

C# Beginners Tutorial - 145 - Capturing Screen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_6d4OBoScQ

C# Beginners Tutorial - 146 - Making Keyboard Shortcuts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdMrl8CPKXw

C# Beginners Tutorial - 147 - Checking Controls on Leave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qyv2PCLNWwk

C# Beginners Tutorial - 148 - Overloading Operators pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIHMCJVDRzM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 149 - Overloading Operators pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95gOUaxV3vE

C# Beginners Tutorial - 15 - Try, Catch and Finally.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FQM0RUEgYg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 150 - Overloading Operators pt 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMdBBkKRJ34

C# Beginners Tutorial - 151 - Overloading Operators pt 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y66w6NCTwjQ

C# Beginners Tutorial - 152 - Making Conversion Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOrF1ykFwJ0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 153 - Ref and Out Keywords.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcouA7mu2aQ

C# Beginners Tutorial - 154 - Project 3 Hang Man Game, Making the UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8XQ9x-7yYk

C# Beginners Tutorial - 155 - Project 3 Hangman, Drawing Hang Post.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIdKAWOPS3Y

C# Beginners Tutorial - 156 - Project 3 Hang Man, Drawing Face.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqHeuNFqRlo

C# Beginners Tutorial - 157 - Project 3 Hang Man, Drawing Bosy and Arms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEh8_0PVGXI

C# Beginners Tutorial - 158 - Project 3 Hang Man, Drawing Legs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RlAJmf9WfY

C# Beginners Tutorial - 159 - Project 3 Hang Man, Getting Random Word.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUsaNXdvgWM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 16 - Methods pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRwDqyyZFXY

C# Beginners Tutorial - 160 - Project 3 Hang Man, Making the Labels pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=miEgnaicp7E

C# Beginners Tutorial - 161 - Project 3 Hang Man, Making the Labels pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzc3oHveb4k

C# Beginners Tutorial - 162 - Project 3 Hang Man, Submit Button.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycLCnVP8TDs

C# Beginners Tutorial - 163 - Project 3 Hang Man, Submitting Wrong Letter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lfew3eegnV0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 164 - Project 3 Hang Man, Resetting Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUxrx_t2rZY

C# Beginners Tutorial - 165 - Project 3 Hang Man, Submit Word Button.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwWSIljiKaM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 166 - Optional Parameters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4i0F3Nb0UIw

C# Beginners Tutorial - 167 - IEnumerable and Yield Return.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7L9seU_mak

C# Beginners Tutorial - 168 - Make a Class for a Foreach Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pn7ykmfEDVY

C# Beginners Tutorial - 169 - Project 4 Address Book, Making UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVpY0Y9uQM0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 17 - Methods pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ND8aXadDbyg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 170 - Project 4 Address Book, Making Class and Files.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qY7C9fcbILg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 171 - Project 4 Address Book, Adding Data to Classes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdTEfLHgYDY

C# Beginners Tutorial - 172 - Project 4 Address Book, Updating Information and Removing People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZoDmeAZAD8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 173 - Project 4 Address Book, Save Changes Button.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKID413hlOw

C# Beginners Tutorial - 174 - Project 4 Address Book, Writing to XML File.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvDRQhNq3G8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 175 - Project 4 Address Book, Reading People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMUDcLoQwB4

C# Beginners Tutorial - 176 - Notified When Files Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sw5Ym7hFrHs

C# Beginners Tutorial - 177 - Zipping Files and Folders.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0haa-piN1JE

C# Beginners Tutorial - 178 - Preprocessor Directives.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVJEQTr0tbI

C# Beginners Tutorial - 179 - Project 5 Captcha Generator, Setting Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsxRx7o7ITk

C# Beginners Tutorial - 18 - Continue and Break.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pexgcu7EBg0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 180 - Project 5 Captcha Generator, Drawing Random String.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUp-o_ZMvtA

C# Beginners Tutorial - 181 - Project 5 Captcha Generator, Drawing Shapes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fj5yAUhS84

C# Beginners Tutorial - 182 - Project 5 Captcha Generator, Getting Image Name.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCpzJRMd6WE

C# Beginners Tutorial - 183 - Project 5 Captcha Generator, Returning Images.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTdBIfmzrvg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 184 - Project 5 Captcha Generator, Saving the Images.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECIv5zZ1H68

C# Beginners Tutorial - 185 - Project 5 Captcha Generator, Using the Images.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p69txeff2E8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 186 - Project 6 Reading and Writing Class, Making Base Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ty4MHFy1doU

C# Beginners Tutorial - 187 - Project 6 Reading and Writing Classes, Begining Reading Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQCyBz6--qE

C# Beginners Tutorial - 188 - Project 6 Reading and Writing Classes, Reading Methods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cl9AkUL49U0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 189 - Project 6 Reading and Writing Classes, Changing Byte Order ect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04iURUOB11A

C# Beginners Tutorial - 19 - Overview of Namespaces and Classes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAeMBeZHdVc

C# Beginners Tutorial - 190 - Project 6 Reading and Writing Class, Reading Strings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtn7wU27uCg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 191 - Project 6 Reading and Writng Classes, Finishing and Testing Reader.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1HxCNvkMqQ

C# Beginners Tutorial - 192 - Project 6 Reading and Writing Classes, Begin Writing Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vjky_asimoE

C# Beginners Tutorial - 193 - Project 6 Reading and Writing Classes, Writing Bytes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Et2rhtxHt1E

C# Beginners Tutorial - 194 - Project 6 Reading and Writing Classes, Writing Strings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKq3FS8TB4s

C# Beginners Tutorial - 195 - Project 6 Reading and Writing Class, Finishing Class Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-Ya5K0pLsY

C# Beginners Tutorial - 196 - Project 6 Reading and Writing Class, Using the Writing Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t68MaJMSAfM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 197 - IDisposable pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkB6Y5tv5Jk

C# Beginners Tutorial - 198 - IDisposable pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GJENmBJCB8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 199 - ICloneable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psLMm4FRTq8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 2 - Changing Forms Properties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUbVMdF_kU4

C# Beginners Tutorial - 20 - Constructors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Waq_xVXNJCQ

C# Beginners Tutorial - 200 - Changing Your Project's Properties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2ZsdS2s2G0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 21 - Access Modifiers and Static.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZzMeHUhMyo

C# Beginners Tutorial - 22 - Overloading Methods and Enumerations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rXpHAT5YTs

C# Beginners Tutorial - 23 - Creating Your Own Properties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwGkUxjiDYA

C# Beginners Tutorial - 24 - Throwing Exceptions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvt_pYIqf5A

C# Beginners Tutorial - 25 - Inheritance and Overriding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKaneSO9HLc

C# Beginners Tutorial - 26 - More on Inheritance and Interfaces.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eonOsiceiIk

C# Beginners Tutorial - 27 - Indexers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igmAVtGsSvs

C# Beginners Tutorial - 28 - Structs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1X4FE1OW2E

C# Beginners Tutorial - 29 - Partial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAa6L8SRM3Y

C# Beginners Tutorial - 3 - Showing MessageBoxes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glzUzy1C7IM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 30 - Abstract.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qbrsfy_uKo

C# Beginners Tutorial - 31 - Delegates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtIX1ei1I9Y

C# Beginners Tutorial - 32 - Events.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGY2YXUz3lQ

C# Beginners Tutorial - 33 - Ternary Operator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqdPPGSyXKs

C# Beginners Tutorial - 34 - OpenFileDialogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1Ryv6DX6vU

C# Beginners Tutorial - 35 - More Variable Types.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3ybtGzL09o

C# Beginners Tutorial - 36 - StreamReader pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--YPtMsg_6E

C# Beginners Tutorial - 37 - StreamReader pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_uzSF0v7J4

C# Beginners Tutorial - 38 - StreamReader pt 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xi1wJSYEU4Y

C# Beginners Tutorial - 39 - StreamWriter pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhL0eECzcYM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 4 - Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Em9VcqdGatg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 40 - StreamWriter pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEcwwjB7Fg4

C# Beginners Tutorial - 41 - BinaryReader pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEVDVreWrTA

C# Beginners Tutorial - 42 - BinaryReader pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goOUqBqCww8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 43 - BinaryWriter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Pj1F0trB_c

C# Beginners Tutorial - 44 - SaveFileDialog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LydFPT5eyXE

C# Beginners Tutorial - 45 - Convert Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5gPI1q4Cz4

C# Beginners Tutorial - 46 - Special Folder Locations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2815OKe_IU

C# Beginners Tutorial - 47 - Is, as, and Casting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Vzn-YM42Zw

C# Beginners Tutorial - 48 - Convert Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUhmLsx1vm8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 49 - Substrings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8e5MegKKOA

C# Beginners Tutorial - 5 - Changing Properties With Code.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-OynOfFoA8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 50 - IndexOf and Trim.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J23tKs_s1bk

C# Beginners Tutorial - 51 - Remove and Replace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JD9wyDH9guI

C# Beginners Tutorial - 52 - Split and ToCharArray.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fwkb0-sFyFs

C# Beginners Tutorial - 53 - Math Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcjUu4VWPzQ

C# Beginners Tutorial - 54 - Generating Random Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7ofO5qCL0w

C# Beginners Tutorial - 55 - Generating Random String.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9RdDVstjM8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 56 - FolderBrowserDialog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRyBXDo4yog

C# Beginners Tutorial - 57 - Directory Class pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swZGPrUqo0E

C# Beginners Tutorial - 58 - Directory Class pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsxdeAF5kvM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 59 - Directory Class pt 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqgWi4kSsEI

C# Beginners Tutorial - 6 - If Statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QX-x-48xP5U

C# Beginners Tutorial - 60 - File Class pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NyqdwQhmZ8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 61 - File Class pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2Xp8j5ZYko

C# Beginners Tutorial - 62 - Path Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsTgC1hIEw0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 63 - Process Class pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jpGfSIMX4w

C# Beginners Tutorial - 64 - Process Class pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPpC4TQNniI

C# Beginners Tutorial - 65 - Null Coalesce Operator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mySZi03pAvc

C# Beginners Tutorial - 66 - Bitwise Operators pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heRtRoBuV6E

C# Beginners Tutorial - 67 - Bitwise Operators pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAe1j8V2PFk

C# Beginners Tutorial - 68 - Bitwise Operators pt 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqztkB-OOzM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 69 - Threading pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgVkI7ZJyMc

C# Beginners Tutorial - 7 - More on If Statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAwO1ZbvMI4

C# Beginners Tutorial - 70 - Threading pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2e_dvohtZGc

C# Beginners Tutorial - 71 - Threading pt 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgymJoo0tiM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 72 - WebClient pt 1 Status Log.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=832cyifOnso

C# Beginners Tutorial - 73 - WebClient Class pt 2 Downloading Files.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzl5VMf4Dlg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 74 - Project 1 Email Sender, pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tw6l-bzp4w

C# Beginners Tutorial - 75 - Project 1 Email Sender, pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGDnQchFZJg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 76 - Project 1 Email Sender, pt 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQGYtZdOkeQ

C# Beginners Tutorial - 77 - DateTime Struct.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJL2Q-sElgg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 78 - DateTimePicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9I8BVf5raHo

C# Beginners Tutorial - 79 - Picture Box and Image Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHNEJ9QoWFU

C# Beginners Tutorial - 8 - If Statements pt 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4nys8oPT_U

C# Beginners Tutorial - 80 - Clipboard Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wgpb3wpoFg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 81 - ColorDialog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rsdxdh1w9tM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 82 - Color Struct.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZJ_-fByjOQ

C# Beginners Tutorial - 83 - FontDialog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueiGFAvGou0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 84 - Timer Control.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVlYojL7iCI

C# Beginners Tutorial - 85 - Playing Sounds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cdjFADJ41Q

C# Beginners Tutorial - 86 - MaskedTextBox Control.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TR-f0k0Xj5c

C# Beginners Tutorial - 87 - Multiple Forms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooX_paV5Eoc

C# Beginners Tutorial - 88 - Multi Document Interface MDI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuRx2q1r8Bc

C# Beginners Tutorial - 89 - ComboBox Control.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgUS4lLjIfA

C# Beginners Tutorial - 9 - Switch Statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEnWW8ba-wI

C# Beginners Tutorial - 90 - ProgressBar Control.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-BGhsCRecs

C# Beginners Tutorial - 91 - ListView Control pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=powg_2OlmiE

C# Beginners Tutorial - 92 - ListView Control pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQ3w23TlKvg

C# Beginners Tutorial - 93 - ListView Control pt 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNjGrM7kwMM

C# Beginners Tutorial - 94 - ListView Control pt 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQ_gnTm7zaA

C# Beginners Tutorial - 95 - ToolStrip and StatusStrip Controls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCZrSmOIra8

C# Beginners Tutorial - 96 - NotifyIcon Control.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBBFo0QfzW0

C# Beginners Tutorial - 97 - Opening Files With Your App.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpNqrrtrY24

C# Beginners Tutorial - 98 - Settings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-aPZWXYVbo

C# Beginners Tutorial - 99 - TreeView Control pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGEdb-4mH5E
C# Beginners Tutorials Playlist