
1.  Anime in Real Life!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckMnckTze-I&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

2.  Aquaman The Movie (Official Fake Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G255fHPals4&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

3.  BATTLEGROUNDS The Movie! (Official Fake Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hqqFqcr1K8&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

4.  Candy Crush The Movie (Official Fake Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4Qv26IWyGU&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

5.  Disney Movies In Real Life!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhsTe-hI7G0&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

6.  Dragon Ball Z Fight In Real Life!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_PhxHPyVug&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

7.  Every Romantic Movie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mGeRC6k5Fc&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

8.  Expectations vs. Reality Action Movies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ht3gSubiLwo&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

9.  FORTNITE The Movie (Official Fake Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfKmSfgFxi8&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

10.  How To Act Like Your Favorite Actors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PRqEP_PKk8&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

11.  How To Survive A Horror Movie!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAXIxlVjuA8&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

12.  If Horror Movies Weren't Scary!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mn7w_n7_Kp4&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

13.  If Star Wars Took Place Today!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXNV9kLaNTY&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

14.  LUCY (Parody Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXlHS8Nucx4&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

15.  Minecraft The Movie! (Official Fake Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8y5iNhk_OA&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

16.  Movies In Minutes - Avengerz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdRiSjbpZjQ&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

17.  Movies In Minutes - Chronicle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7i80TwYVGo&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

18.  Movies In Minutes - Facebook The Movie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHYG5u4lwus&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

19.  Movies In Minutes - Final Destination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VKpzhUkMFM&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

20.  Movies In Minutes - Harry Potter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weIbm3m-Xbo&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

21.  Movies In Minutes - New Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dx0MwgIZos&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

22.  Movies In Minutes - Saw 12.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QwZqbLpVlM&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

23.  Movies In Minutes - The Grudge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rFLfZw6QkY&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

24.  Movies In Minutes - Titanic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JLcJ5Mez1c&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

25.  Movies In Minutes - Transformers Revenge of the Household Objects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rREBfdDJZ5I&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

26.  Movies In Minutes - Twilight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goix7jFXD9Q&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

27.  Movies In Minutes - X-Men Origins Wolverine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9Oh2OnG51E&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

28.  Movies on a Budget!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4xL702nB0w&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

29.  Naruto The Movie! (Official Fake Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEo2ipzypTQ&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

30.  Ninja Melk Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYvydCtdhUw&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

31.  Ninja Melk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIz3cb_igD4&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

32.  Pokemon The Horror Movie (Official Fake Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7rHbHiHyo8&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

33.  Powerpuff Girls Parody (Dear Ryan).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vycUIW_tsA&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

34.  Space Jam 3 Anime Edition! (ft. Jeremy Lin).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAy5Ms15YIM&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

35.  SpongeBob Parody!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ltZ2qESRUE&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

36.  The PARANORMAL Writers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mzutgP5l0E&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

37.  Things That Ruin Thanksgiving! (Official Fake Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kPxeXBn71s&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1
NigaHiga's MoviesTrailers