
1.  Adele - Rolling in the Deep - lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBRUkdQa6Is&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

2.  Anna Kendrick - Cups (Pitch Perfect's When I'm Gone) Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjcOzqxu4JQ&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

3.  Bruno Mars - Just The Way You Are lyrics [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rExJ6j5OeCo&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

4.  Can't hold us clean version Macklemore lyrics video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfOPFcNJPVM&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

5.  CAN'T STOP THE FEELING! (From DreamWorks Animation's Trolls) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ru0K8uYEZWw&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

6.  Carly Rae Jepsen - Call Me Maybe {LYRICS}  New Single!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsIcFdYodjs&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

7.  Daniel Powter - Bad Day (Official Music Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gH476CxJxfg&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

8.  Dynamite-Taio Cruz (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLqdRmwY6vc&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

9.  Gym Class Heroes Stereo Hearts ft. Adam Levine [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3E9Wjbq44E&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

10.  John Legend   All Of Me Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mk7-GRWq7wA&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

11.  Justin Bieber - Baby (Official Music Video) ft. Ludacris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kffacxfA7G4&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

12.  Justin Bieber Ft.Sean Kingston- Eenie Meenie (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpsSiPRq4NQ&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

13.  Katy Perry - Hot N Cold - Clean Version - Lyrics on Screen ]] DL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYh-otnSMNE&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

14.  Meghan Trainor - Dear Future Husband Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9zj3FYdskk&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

15.  Miley Cyrus - Party In The USA (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCPGT93GbTk&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

16.  One Direction - What Makes You Beautiful (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJO3ROT-A4E&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

17.  One Direction-Story of My Life (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEP2BB81Uug&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

18.  OneRepublic - Counting Stars [Lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yim4--J44gk&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

19.  P!nk - Just Give Me A Reason (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gwx4iTRLXG8&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

20.  Payphone - Maroon 5 (No RapClean Version) (Lyrics) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGPd9Z397YQ&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

21.  Pharrell Williams - Happy (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbZSe6N_BXs&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

22.  Problem   Ariana Grande lyrics HQ AUDIO1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQpCuYS41Oo&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

23.  Radioactive-Imagine Dragons (Lyrics) (1708565).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iO_WxYC34eM&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

24.  Radioactive-Imagine Dragons (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iO_WxYC34eM&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

25.  replay lyrics- IYAZ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COMaG7pObgE&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

26.  Rihanna - We Found Love (LYRICS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqaGZYDGcUw&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

27.  Rockabye - Clean Bandit ft. Sean Paul & Anne-Marie (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtGgj5zhM84&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

28.  Rude   Magic Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlwIcTsmERw&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

29.  Selena Gomez - Same Old Love (Clean Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9vPX6guzBQ&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

30.  Selena Gomez - Tell Me Something I Don't Know Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HDoLfg7Ahg&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

31.  Selena-Come And Get It Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAzCa8UOdQE&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

32.  Silento Watch Me Whip Nae Nae Offical Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Pij97oBe6o&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

33.  Taylor Swift - 22 (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upZ_q9CdXl4&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

34.  Taylor Swift - Shake It Off (Super Clean) [Lyrics in Subtitles].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IP3CIHGmPMM&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

35.  That power - Will.I.Am (ft. Justin Bieber), lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiIfaO4lKlc&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

36.  The Gummy Bear Song - Long English Version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=astISOttCQ0&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

37.  The Only Exception.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChXcD6Z4uvQ&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

38.  Waka Waka (English Ver.) - With English Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bi_Dz1Yr5Tg&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

39.  Willow Smith - Whip My Hair (Lyrics on screen).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epGEhyk3gR0&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

40.  Ylvis - The Fox (What Does The Fox Say) [Official music video HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jofNR_WkoCE&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN

41.  [Official Video] Cheerleader – Pentatonix (OMI Cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P95_pCbCPZw&list=PLIOhe-twWXH_7zH3f8Utc7GQoIcRBDCnN
2000s songs 100% clean