
1.  Alicia Keys - No One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rywUS-ohqeE&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

2.  Amy Winehouse - Rehab.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUmZp8pR1uc&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

3.  Avicii - Hey Brother.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Cp6mKbRTQY&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

4.  Avril Lavigne - Sk8er Boi (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIy3n2b7V9k&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

5.  Beyoncé - Crazy In Love ft. JAY Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViwtNLUqkMY&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

6.  blink-182 - All The Small Things (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ht5RZpzPqw&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

7.  Britney Spears - Oops!...I Did It Again (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CduA0TULnow&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

8.  Calvin Harris - Summer (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McEoTIqoRKk&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

9.  Coldplay - Clocks (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d020hcWA_Wg&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

10.  Fall Out Boy - Sugar, We're Goin Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhG-vLZrb-g&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

11.  Green Day - 21 Guns [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r00ikilDxW4&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

12.  Imagine Dragons - Radioactive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktvTqknDobU&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

13.  Justin Timberlake - SexyBack (Director's Cut) ft. Timbaland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gOHvDP_vCs&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

14.  Katy Perry - Hot N Cold (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTHNpusq654&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

15.  Kelis - Milkshake (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGL2rytTraA&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

16.  Kelly Clarkson - Since U Been Gone (VIDEO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7UrFYvl5TE&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

17.  Kings Of Leon - Use Somebody (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnhXHvRoUd0&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

18.  Lady Gaga - Poker Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bESGLojNYSo&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

19.  Leona Lewis - Bleeding Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_weSk0BonM&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

20.  Maroon 5 - Moves Like Jagger ft. Christina Aguilera (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEPTlhBmwRg&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

21.  Nickelback - Rockstar [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmeUuoxyt_E&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

22.  OneRepublic - Counting Stars (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hT_nvWreIhg&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

23.  Outkast - Hey Ya! (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWgvGjAhvIw&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

24.  P!nk - So What (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJfFZqTlWrQ&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

25.  Pharrell Williams - Happy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6Sxv-sUYtM&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

26.  Rihanna - Umbrella (Orange Version) (Official Music Video) ft. JAY-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvBfHwUxHIk&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

27.  Robbie Williams - Rock DJ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnO3nijfYmU&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

28.  Shakira - Hips Don't Lie ft. Wyclef Jean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUT5rEU6pqM&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

29.  Snow Patrol - Chasing Cars (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GemKqzILV4w&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

30.  Stacy's Mom Lyrics (Full Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7UUPawNC5Lg&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

31.  The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD4vsh1zDA&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

32.  The Fray - How to Save a Life (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjVQ36NhbMk&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

33.  The Killers - Mr. Brightside (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGdGFtwCNBE&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq

34.  Wheatus - Teenage Dirtbag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FC3y9llDXuM&list=PLy2tcYaWsMmyOmUT9L7NDSP8Uyh-MWeAq
Top 40 Hits Of The 2000s