
1.  Alec Benjamin & Rudy Mancuso Jam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuYF8V3gBCY&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

2.  Alesso x Rudy [Original Song]  Alesso & Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h208HbsyTzs&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

3.  Battle with Charlie Puth  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAzqBDFs418&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

4.  Best Elevator Music  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gu_4W9XfRg&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

5.  Best Lie Ever  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYHEdrGv2Wk&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

6.  Circle Of Love  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8eFzkfto2w&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

7.  Circle of Love - Sound Design  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQaPHK1IrVg&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

8.  Circle of Strangers  Rudy Mancuso, Anwar Jibawi & Hannah Stocking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxS6g74fmRI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

9.  Crazy Car Music  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_D697RwPeA&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

10.  Ed Sheeran - Shape of You [Remix by Rudy Mancuso].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KJEPYW5EiI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

11.  Life Is Music  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vW2UtCHOYk&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

12.  Love  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyM5K70Rzno&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

13.  More Music  Rudy Mancuso & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcLqHPysm4k&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

14.  Musical Fiction  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3k6RD9zVvpE&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

15.  Musical Fiction with Alec Benjamin  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6xswALsyFI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

16.  OnStage YouTube Performance  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzNPxVpXW4U&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

17.  Queen - You're My Best Friend (Rudy Mancuso Cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNRRcA1l-2E&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

18.  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell - Magic (Acoustic Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9_WGkd_svI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

19.  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell - Magic (LoKii Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nOsOYQbzFw&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

20.  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell - Magic (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRkTgVynmbM&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

21.  Rudy Mancuso & Poo Bear - Black & White (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXFIMdJduvY&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

22.  Rudy Mancuso - friday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CufCZ9Wylqk&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

23.  Rudy Mancuso - I Think I'm Cool (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ISQzmVHvc0&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

24.  Rudy Mancuso - Lento (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vqwgl58WNjo&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

25.  Rudy Mancuso - Mama (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGl5V5ZNya0&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

26.  Rudy Mancuso - monday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCclXVpMLqI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

27.  Rudy Mancuso - saturday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ygx7lfUbA0&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

28.  Rudy Mancuso - sunday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2hmJ7rSEtU&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

29.  Rudy Mancuso - thursday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFLTQYNQiiw&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

30.  Rudy Mancuso - tuesday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_nOBHglEGk&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

31.  Rudy Mancuso - wednesday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVmbKAkxrQ4&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

32.  Rudy Mancuso and Justin Bieber Jam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zdA47strL0&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

33.  Split Love  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_Jh7WwqdQ0&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

34.  SYNESTHESIA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20faPwXUbb4&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

35.  The Growlers - Love Test  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell Cover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=552kbznlcKs&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

36.  The Magical Drum  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=me2wbBIg5nI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

37.  Weird Jam with Bebe Rexha  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDIWyNsuOaI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

38.  XAXO, Mau y Ricky, Rudy Mancuso - Anda Pal Carajo (APC).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy5dCyYzFKE&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho
Rudy's Music  Rudy Mancuso