
1.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Absolute Value Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMZfl7JvIss

2.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Absolute Value Inequalities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXe5fpw4tyc

3.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Adding and Subtracting Complex Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIEHgvry18E

4.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Adding and Subtracting Polynomials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uylpSQmcYZA

5.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Adding and Subtracting Rational Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBT58K6DsJc

6.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Algebra and Geometry Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmIACBljcaA

7.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Algebraic Symbol Manipulation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbcKu0zyOxQ

8.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Area and Perimeter Word Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfryT5ph-_M

9.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Complex Numbers and Radicals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IQJ_7Cnxk4

10.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Compound Inequalities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxfzFTtLLMA

11.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Discriminant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrhfdINTFro

12.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Distance-Rate-Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEbFN6pEqXk

13.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Dividing Complex Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0kp1_jTZes

14.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Dividing Rational Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGa2g79q7zY

15.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Factoring a Quadratic Expression.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf1th8r3Q98

16.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Factoring by Grouping.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NA_wph0XAK4

17.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Inequalities Involving Radicals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILjhfOAmbvA

18.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Linear Inequality Word Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fB6vlShhhVc

19.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Linear Word Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AamKjsqNUuc

20.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Mixture Problems Using Linear Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YeuyiNiof8

21.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiple Operations with Complex Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYtvagf_RPY

22.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiple Operations with Polynomials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMUpOdblM5Y

23.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiplication Involving Square Roots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohkLuo5LuEM

24.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiplication of Binomials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHUO99Y1iFU

25.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiplication of Polynomials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCWC4slNPhs

26.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiplying Complex Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3annxFhx_SE

27.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiplying Rational Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfJBGJ-rQ2A

28.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Percentage Word Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tI47lPTj-M

29.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Properties of Integer Exponents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qpmap4oCt24

30.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Properties of Real Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QH5GS0SWHgg

31.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Quadratic Equation Word Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE4aFG__MPg

32.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Quadratic Formula.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lGFKbxm2oc

33.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Rational Exponents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRiJBWNykjw

34.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Rationalizing a Denominator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eafywSBrWJ0

35.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Scientific Notation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SP3h1u0mLPY

36.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Simplified Radical Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdABOEGmGU0

37.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Simplifying a Ratio of Polynomials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyg6JxKLS8c

38.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Simplifying Fractions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpLUXmzeEYY

39.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Simplifying Powers of i.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMzXFbUyQ_w

40.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving a Linear Inequality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnmJL-kbGl8

41.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving a Quadratic Equation - Completing the Square.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0vO114AVRU

42.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving a Quadratic Equation, Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lN9Y9QaOk0s

43.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving an Equation Quadratic in Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIkvfz8ZQtA

44.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving Equations Involving Radicals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm3ihHYMKcM

45.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving Linear Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dy6sVw3DDos

46.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving Rational Equations, Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPz-eNg-SbM

47.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving Rational Equations, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2B9ml0VMBg

48.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Special Factoring Formulas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpdx8PYrNQY

49.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Square Root Addition and Subtraction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZhJZRe7-wY

50.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Square Root Property.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7we5N1rQeaI

51.  Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus The Set of Real Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPG_W5gb4GA

52.  UC Irvine OpenCourseWare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJGR5Y-Qqac
Math 1A1B Pre-Calculus - Algebra and Geometry Review