
1.  Best Elevator Music (Part 2)  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_mB7JkIlJE&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

2.  Circle Of Love  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8eFzkfto2w&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

3.  Coffee Shop Music  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Depjom30YMA&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

4.  Crazy Bus Stop Music  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBb1pV2YJ-w&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

5.  Crazy Car Music  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_D697RwPeA&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

6.  Double Date  Rudy Mancuso & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGrPaEXtNjQ&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

7.  Double Date (Part 2)  Rudy Mancuso & Anwar JIbawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvN2ltKdYZo&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

8.  Facetime Secrets  Rudy Mancuso, Lele Pons & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVzeW1_hyHI&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

9.  Funny Musical Realtor  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z69Z-DTck-U&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

10.  Gosh Bless You  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELcmSfwBa1Y&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

11.  Meet Alberto  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4Vs7B71ooc&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

12.  Musical Fiction  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3k6RD9zVvpE&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

13.  One Man Band  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATwpzZnspMY&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

14.  OnStage YouTube Performance  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzNPxVpXW4U&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

15.  Painting with Rudy Ross  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xm-Flgk0fHk&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

16.  Racist Radio  Rudy Mancuso, Lele Pons, Anwar Jibawi & King Bach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mi0DnxKgZc&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

17.  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell - Magic (Acoustic Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9_WGkd_svI&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

18.  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell - Magic (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRkTgVynmbM&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

19.  Rudy Mancuso & Poo Bear - Black & White (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXFIMdJduvY&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

20.  Rudy Mancuso - I Think I'm Cool (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ISQzmVHvc0&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

21.  Rudy Mancuso - Mama (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGl5V5ZNya0&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

22.  Señor Grinch  Rudy Mancuso, Lele Pons & King Bach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLdK0cjb8JU&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

23.  Split Love  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_Jh7WwqdQ0&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM

24.  The Magical Drum  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=me2wbBIg5nI&list=PL4Wed95ZZasg8tVWRbN6gI2GvVbttT3vM
Rudy Mancuso (Favorites)