
438380.  Applications of Quadratic Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 26).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ow_u0qLAOJI&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438382.  Area of a Sector, Angular Velocity, Applications (Precalculus - Trigonometry 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6wnYbOBCic&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438385.  Arithmetic Sequences (Precalculus - College Algebra 69).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxGmjouB6t4&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438389.  Arithmetic Series (Precalculus - College Algebra 70).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdXQjHsl4q0&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438394.  Average Rate of Change of a Function (Precalculus - College Algebra 11).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5Y-ONkezDM&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438400.  Basic Properties of Trigonometric Functions (Precalculus - Trigonometry 8).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dTRpq_yGIc&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438407.  Completing the Square Made Easy (Precalculus - College Algebra 19).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYSYL_vy6YQ&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438415.  Composition of Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 48).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsgHKmLSPVc&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438424.  Converting Degrees, Minutes, and Seconds (Precalculus - Trigonometry 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U40Afn37QC4&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438434.  Converting Radians and Degrees (Precalculus - Trigonometry 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCwcbZSZL5o&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438445.  Creating Polynomials from Complex Solutions (Precalculus - College Algebra 36).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIFeZLHVWmc&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438457.  Creating Polynomials from Real Zeros (Precalculus - College Algebra 30).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-pnhWbHmQ8&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438470.  Descartes Rule of Signs (Precalculus - College Algebra 33).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AW6Y1bL4KU&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438484.  Exponential Growth and Decay (Precalculus - College Algebra 66).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rO-C48LY2KY&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438499.  Features of Graphs, Domain, Range (Precalculus - College Algebra 7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3b-4Zz65ZE&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438515.  Finding a Horizontal Asymptote of a Rational Function (Precalculus - College Algebra 40).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-H9N-_Y77Y&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438532.  Finding ALL Solutions of Polynomials (Precalculus - College Algebra 37).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuhk2kSVwe0&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438550.  Finding an Oblique Asymptote of a Rational Function (Precalculus - College Algebra 41).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVhaVk4wNu8&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438569.  Finding Asymptotes and Holes of Rational Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 43).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyXWPcvSQvk&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438589.  Finding Domain of Composite Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 49).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8r9oL-ke9s&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438610.  Finding End Behavior of Rational Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 42).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cnmQXAo5XM&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438632.  Finding Intersections of Functions (Precaluclus - College Algebra 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cXEuUazjCc&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438655.  Finding Inverse Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 51).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fK7IPeeZoFE&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438679.  Finding the Domain of Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvUCDcp6Z3k&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438704.  Finding Vertical Asymptotes of Rational Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 38).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-bSJaEonho&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438730.  Geometric Sequences (Precalculus - College Algebra 71).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyHCnYewdrQ&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438757.  Geometric Series (Precalculus - College Algebra 72).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yDqkrbd5mk&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438785.  Graphing Exponential Functions with Transformations (Precalculus -College Algebra 53).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uycM-AzUDQ4&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438814.  Graphing Logarithms with Transformations (Precalculus - College Algebra 56).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swC7KrDO0Uo&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438844.  Graphing Quadratic Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 24).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VH4tzzBVbgA&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438875.  Graphing Rational Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 44).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHATRiYbPPA&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438907.  Graphing Rational Functions with Transformations (Precalculus - College Algebra 39).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-k4uXF4hsAs&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438940.  Graphing Transformations with Sine and Cosine (Precalculus - Trigonometry 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyXT5KMCrPk&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

438974.  Graphs of Exponential Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 52).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2w14jBb0e9Q&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439009.  Graphs You Must Know (Precalculus - College Algebra 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrmmR3-VxA8&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439045.  How to Change the Base of a Logarithm (Precalculus - College Algebra 61).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgcFt8zGnNE&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439082.  How to Combine Logarithms (Precalculus - College Algebra 60).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrU8fYchnIU&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439120.  How to Evaluate Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1sGAHulT8w&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439159.  How to Expand Logarithms (Precalculus - College Algebra 59).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCeN653SdX4&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439199.  How to Graph Piecewise Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHZKgl_9o7M&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439240.  How to Graph Tangent and Cotangent (Precalculus - Trigonometry 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eMEBrPYJ0I&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439282.  How to Graph with Transformations (Precalculus - College Algebra 15).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkrMJLSpJFI&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439325.  How to Sketch Polynomial Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 31).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MAtqY6Fqjs&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439369.  How to Use the Rational Zeros Theorem (Precalculus - College Algebra 34).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7wEpxwgB3w&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439414.  How to Use the Unit Circle in Trigonometry (Precalculus - Trigonometry 7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdRZfemxTFI&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439460.  Inequalities with Functions - Graphically (Precalculus - College Algebra 45).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bngBtS7RBZ4&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439507.  Inequalities with Polynomial Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 46).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFJ-Mq0XcTI&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439555.  Inequalities with Rational Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 47).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSh1xcbYKZk&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439604.  Intro to Precalculus (Precalculus - College Algebra 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OOrhA2iKak&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439654.  Introduction to Angles (Precalculus - Trigonometry 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c41QejoWnb4&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439705.  Introduction to Complex Solutions of Polynomials (Precalculus - College algebra 35).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-69B5jkcO4&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439757.  Introduction to Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkUEsP9efFg&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439810.  Introduction to Graph Transformations (Precalculus - College Algebra 14).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTCRB6hMsC4&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439864.  Introduction to Logarithms and Their Graphs (Precalculus - College Algebra 55).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfnTwz79PWU&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439919.  Introduction to Polynomial Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 27).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Uh3Z6DJ_pI&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

439975.  Introduction to Radians (Precalculus - Trigonometry 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWd_FtOfyPc&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440032.  Introduction to Sequences (Precalculus - College Algebra 67).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5D7BJ-R41I&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440090.  Introduction to Series and Summation Notation  (Precalculus - College Algebra 68).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ipz9xXeoaRc&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440149.  Introduction to Solving Logarithms and Exponentials (Precalculus - College Algebra 57).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KezbqAAlOZk&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440209.  Introduction to Solving Quadratics (Precalculus - College Algebra 16).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIEkJaPgjKs&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440270.  Multiplicity and End Behavior of Polynomials (Precalculus - College Algebra 29).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gxh-mEt1K-o&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440332.  One to One Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 50).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0Q_m2UDerc&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440395.  Operations of Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7N_-G4usp6Q&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440459.  Power Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 28).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXTlAPOBA_U&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440524.  Proof by Mathematical Induction (Precalculus - College Algebra 73).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5cWX-EyLEI&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440590.  Properties of Functions - Even vs Odd (Precalculus - College Algebra 8).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6897XAx3O9Q&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440657.  Properties of Functions - Extrema (Precalculus - College Algebra 10).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hItEGb3KJo&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440725.  Properties of Functions - Increasing vs Decreasing (Precalculus - College Algebra 9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIRDvscVPr0&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440794.  Properties of Logarithms (Precalculus - College Algebra 58).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0uScdsBPfk&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440864.  Proving the Quadratic Formula - Twice (Precalculus - College Algebra 20).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BUg_w1Cu9E&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

440935.  Pythagorean Identities for Trigonometric Functions (Precalculus - Trigonometry 10).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huP3v7iZuLM&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441007.  Reciprocal Identities in Trigonometry (Precalculus - Trigonometry 9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98jDUsZ2JYA&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441080.  Review of Compound Interest (Precalculus - College Algebra 65).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1k25doMFww&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441154.  Solving Exponential Equations with Common Bases (Precalculus - College Algebra 54).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkUWLFontZU&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441229.  Solving Exponential Equations with Logarithms (Precalculus - College Algebra 64).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDcLCA2W-UI&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441305.  Solving Logarithmic Equations with Exponentials (Precalculus - College Algebra 63).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNUyVClUQfc&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441382.  Solving Logarithms with Common Bases (Precalculus - College Algebra 62).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82fonULPl64&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441460.  Solving Quadratic Inequalities (Precalculus - College Algebra 25).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd41nGPHbMU&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441539.  Synthetic Division and Long Division of Polynomials (Precalculus - College Algebra 32).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKJgo-WR_K4&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441619.  The Graphs of Sine and Cosine (Precalculus - Trigonometry 11).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HHgZopzL_s&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441700.  The Square Root Method in Solving Quadratics (Precalculus - College Algebra 17).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXAd6rkNSK0&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441782.  Trigonometric Functions and the Unit Circle (Precalculus - Trigonometry 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__nefjOhVks&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441865.  Using Factoring to Solve Quadratics (Precalculus - College Algebra 18).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2CFHYJWS60&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

441949.  Using Substitutions to Solve Equations (Precalculus - College Algebra 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8uoP-JFj54&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

442034.  Using the Quadratic Formula (Precalculus - College Algebra 21).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIWXZVsdpbE&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP

442120.  Using the Vertical Line Test (Precalculus - College Algebra 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7j6kh8Z2H90&list=PLDesaqWTN6ESsmwELdrzhcGiRhk5DjwLP
Precalculus - College AlgebraTrigonometry