
1.  Baden Powell de Aquino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Baden_Powell_de_Aquino/Baden_Powell_de_Aquino.txt

2.  Baldassare Donato
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Baldassare_Donato/Baldassare_Donato.txt

3.  Baldassare Galuppi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Baldassare_Galuppi/Baldassare_Galuppi.txt

4.  Balthasar de Beaujoyeulx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Balthasar_de_Beaujoyeulx/Balthasar_de_Beaujoyeulx.txt

5.  Balys Dvarionas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Balys_Dvarionas/Balys_Dvarionas.txt

6.  Barbara Benary
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Barbara_Benary/Barbara_Benary.txt

7.  Barbara Heller
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Barbara_Heller/Barbara_Heller.txt

8.  Barbara of Portugal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Barbara_of_Portugal/Barbara_of_Portugal.txt

9.  Barbara Strozzi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Barbara_Strozzi/Barbara_Strozzi.txt

10.  Barrington Pheloung
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Barrington_Pheloung/Barrington_Pheloung.txt

11.  Bart Berman
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bart_Berman/Bart_Berman.txt

12.  Bartholomäus Gesius
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bartholomäus_Gesius/Bartholomäus_Gesius.txt

13.  Bartolino da Padova
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bartolino_da_Padova/Bartolino_da_Padova.txt

14.  Bartolomeo Barbarino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bartolomeo_Barbarino/Bartolomeo_Barbarino.txt

15.  Bartolomeo Campagnoli
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bartolomeo_Campagnoli/Bartolomeo_Campagnoli.txt

16.  Bartolomeo da Bologna
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bartolomeo_da_Bologna/Bartolomeo_da_Bologna.txt

17.  Bartolomeo Tromboncino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bartolomeo_Tromboncino/Bartolomeo_Tromboncino.txt

18.  Bartolomé de Escobedo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bartolomé_de_Escobedo/Bartolomé_de_Escobedo.txt

19.  Bartolomé de Selma y Salaverde
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bartolomé_de_Selma_y_Salaverde/Bartolomé_de_Selma_y_Salaverde.txt

20.  Bartlomiej Pekiel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bartlomiej_Pekiel/Bartlomiej_Pekiel.txt

21.  Basil Harwood
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Basil_Harwood/Basil_Harwood.txt

22.  Baude Cordier
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Baude_Cordier/Baude_Cordier.txt

23.  Beat Furrer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Beat_Furrer/Beat_Furrer.txt

24.  Beatritz de Dia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Beatritz_de_Dia/Beatritz_de_Dia.txt

25.  Beatriz Bilbao
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Beatriz_Bilbao/Beatriz_Bilbao.txt

26.  Bebe Barron
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bebe_Barron/Bebe_Barron.txt

27.  Bedrich Smetana
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bedrich_Smetana/Bedrich_Smetana.txt

28.  Bellerofonte Castaldi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bellerofonte_Castaldi/Bellerofonte_Castaldi.txt

29.  Ben Johnston
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Ben_Johnston/Ben_Johnston.txt

30.  Ben Weber
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Ben_Weber/Ben_Weber.txt

31.  Benedetto Ferrari
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benedetto_Ferrari/Benedetto_Ferrari.txt

32.  Benedetto Marcello
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benedetto_Marcello/Benedetto_Marcello.txt

33.  Benedetto Pallavicino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benedetto_Pallavicino/Benedetto_Pallavicino.txt

34.  Benedictus Appenzeller
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benedictus_Appenzeller/Benedictus_Appenzeller.txt

35.  Benedictus Buns
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benedictus_Buns/Benedictus_Buns.txt

36.  Benedikt Anton Aufschnaiter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benedikt_Anton_Aufschnaiter/Benedikt_Anton_Aufschnaiter.txt

37.  Benedikt Schack
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benedikt_Schack/Benedikt_Schack.txt

38.  Benet Casablancas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benet_Casablancas/Benet_Casablancas.txt

39.  Bengt Hambraeus
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bengt_Hambraeus/Bengt_Hambraeus.txt

40.  Benjamin Boretz
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benjamin_Boretz/Benjamin_Boretz.txt

41.  Benjamin Britten
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benjamin_Britten/Benjamin_Britten.txt

42.  Benjamin Carl Unseld
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benjamin_Carl_Unseld/Benjamin_Carl_Unseld.txt

43.  Benjamin Carr
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benjamin_Carr/Benjamin_Carr.txt

44.  Benjamin Cooke
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benjamin_Cooke/Benjamin_Cooke.txt

45.  Benjamin Frankel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benjamin_Frankel/Benjamin_Frankel.txt

46.  Benjamin Franklin White
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benjamin_Franklin_White/Benjamin_Franklin_White.txt

47.  Benjamin Godard
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benjamin_Godard/Benjamin_Godard.txt

48.  Benjamin Johnson Lang
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benjamin_Johnson_Lang/Benjamin_Johnson_Lang.txt

49.  Benjamin Lees
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benjamin_Lees/Benjamin_Lees.txt

50.  Benjamin Speed
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benjamin_Speed/Benjamin_Speed.txt

51.  Benjamin Yeo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Benjamin_Yeo/Benjamin_Yeo.txt

52.  Bent Lorentzen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bent_Lorentzen/Bent_Lorentzen.txt

53.  Bernard Germain de Lacépède
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernard_Germain_de_Lacépède/Bernard_Germain_de_Lacépède.txt

54.  Bernard Herrmann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernard_Herrmann/Bernard_Herrmann.txt

55.  Bernard Rands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernard_Rands/Bernard_Rands.txt

56.  Bernard Stevens
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernard_Stevens/Bernard_Stevens.txt

57.  Bernard van Dieren
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernard_van_Dieren/Bernard_van_Dieren.txt

58.  Bernard Zweers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernard_Zweers/Bernard_Zweers.txt

59.  Bernardo Pasquini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernardo_Pasquini/Bernardo_Pasquini.txt

60.  Bernardo Pisano
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernardo_Pisano/Bernardo_Pisano.txt

61.  Bernardo Sabadini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernardo_Sabadini/Bernardo_Sabadini.txt

62.  Bernardo Storace
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernardo_Storace/Bernardo_Storace.txt

63.  Bernart de Ventadorn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernart_de_Ventadorn/Bernart_de_Ventadorn.txt

64.  Bernd Alois Zimmermann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernd_Alois_Zimmermann/Bernd_Alois_Zimmermann.txt

65.  Bernd Redmann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernd_Redmann/Bernd_Redmann.txt

66.  Bernhard Crusell
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernhard_Crusell/Bernhard_Crusell.txt

67.  Bernhard Gál
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernhard_Gál/Bernhard_Gál.txt

68.  Bernhard Joachim Hagen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernhard_Joachim_Hagen/Bernhard_Joachim_Hagen.txt

69.  Bernhard Klein
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernhard_Klein/Bernhard_Klein.txt

70.  Bernhard Lang
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernhard_Lang/Bernhard_Lang.txt

71.  Bernhard Molique
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernhard_Molique/Bernhard_Molique.txt

72.  Bernhard Romberg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernhard_Romberg/Bernhard_Romberg.txt

73.  Bernhard Scholz
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernhard_Scholz/Bernhard_Scholz.txt

74.  Bernhard Sekles
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bernhard_Sekles/Bernhard_Sekles.txt

75.  Berta Alves de Sousa
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Berta_Alves_de_Sousa/Berta_Alves_de_Sousa.txt

76.  Berta Bock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Berta_Bock/Berta_Bock.txt

77.  Bertha Tammelin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bertha_Tammelin/Bertha_Tammelin.txt

78.  Berthold Goldschmidt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Berthold_Goldschmidt/Berthold_Goldschmidt.txt

79.  Bertold Hummel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bertold_Hummel/Bertold_Hummel.txt

80.  Bertram Luard-Selby
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bertram_Luard-Selby/Bertram_Luard-Selby.txt

81.  Beth Anderson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Beth_Anderson/Beth_Anderson.txt

82.  Betsy Jolas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Betsy_Jolas/Betsy_Jolas.txt

83.  Bettina Brentano
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bettina_Brentano/Bettina_Brentano.txt

84.  Betty Beath
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Betty_Beath/Betty_Beath.txt

85.  Biagio Marini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Biagio_Marini/Biagio_Marini.txt

86.  Big Bill Broonzy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Big_Bill_Broonzy/Big_Bill_Broonzy.txt

87.  Bill Hopkins
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bill_Hopkins/Bill_Hopkins.txt

88.  Bill Smith
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bill_Smith/Bill_Smith.txt

89.  Birgitte Alsted
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Birgitte_Alsted/Birgitte_Alsted.txt

90.  Bix Beiderbecke
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bix_Beiderbecke/Bix_Beiderbecke.txt

91.  Bjarne Amdahl
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bjarne_Amdahl/Bjarne_Amdahl.txt

92.  Bjarne Brustad
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bjarne_Brustad/Bjarne_Brustad.txt

93.  Blair Fairchild
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Blair_Fairchild/Blair_Fairchild.txt

94.  Blanche of Castile
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Blanche_of_Castile/Blanche_of_Castile.txt

95.  Blas Galindo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Blas_Galindo/Blas_Galindo.txt

96.  Bla Arnic
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bla_Arnic/Bla_Arnic.txt

97.  Bo Holten
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bo_Holten/Bo_Holten.txt

98.  Bo Linde
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bo_Linde/Bo_Linde.txt

99.  Bob Chilcott
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bob_Chilcott/Bob_Chilcott.txt

100.  Bohuslav Martinu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bohuslav_Martinu/Bohuslav_Martinu.txt

101.  Bohuslav Matej Cernohorský
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bohuslav_Matej_Cernohorský/Bohuslav_Matej_Cernohorský.txt

102.  Boris Asafyev
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Boris_Asafyev/Boris_Asafyev.txt

103.  Boris Blacher
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Boris_Blacher/Boris_Blacher.txt

104.  Boris Lyatoshinsky
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Boris_Lyatoshinsky/Boris_Lyatoshinsky.txt

105.  Boris Tchaikovsky
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Boris_Tchaikovsky/Boris_Tchaikovsky.txt

106.  Boris Tishchenko
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Boris_Tishchenko/Boris_Tishchenko.txt

107.  Boudewijn Buckinx
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Boudewijn_Buckinx/Boudewijn_Buckinx.txt

108.  Boidar Kantuer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Boidar_Kantuer/Boidar_Kantuer.txt

109.  Bradley Joseph
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bradley_Joseph/Bradley_Joseph.txt

110.  Brenton Broadstock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Brenton_Broadstock/Brenton_Broadstock.txt

111.  Brian Boydell
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Brian_Boydell/Brian_Boydell.txt

112.  Brian Easdale
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Brian_Easdale/Brian_Easdale.txt

113.  Brian Ferneyhough
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Brian_Ferneyhough/Brian_Ferneyhough.txt

114.  Bright Sheng
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bright_Sheng/Bright_Sheng.txt

115.  Britta Byström
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Britta_Byström/Britta_Byström.txt

116.  Bruce Adolphe
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bruce_Adolphe/Bruce_Adolphe.txt

117.  Bruce Broughton
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bruce_Broughton/Bruce_Broughton.txt

118.  Bruce Carlson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bruce_Carlson/Bruce_Carlson.txt

119.  Bruno Bettinelli
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bruno_Bettinelli/Bruno_Bettinelli.txt

120.  Bruno Granichstaedten
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bruno_Granichstaedten/Bruno_Granichstaedten.txt

121.  Bruno Maderna
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bruno_Maderna/Bruno_Maderna.txt

122.  Bruno Walter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bruno_Walter/Bruno_Walter.txt

123.  Burkhard Dallwitz
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Burkhard_Dallwitz/Burkhard_Dallwitz.txt

124.  Burt Bacharach
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Burt_Bacharach/Burt_Bacharach.txt

125.  Byttering
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Byttering/Byttering.txt

126.  Bálint Bakfark
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bálint_Bakfark/Bálint_Bakfark.txt

127.  Béla Bartók
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Béla_Bartók/Béla_Bartók.txt

128.  Bülent Arel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/B/Bülent_Arel/Bülent_Arel.txt
B