
1.  #ICEBae The Officer That Went Viral from a Photo with Mike Pence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqipkDb0KGE&pp=sAQA

2.  $70k Lost in a Day  How to Rob a Bank (Full Episode).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NX3bJQDzvCE&pp=sAQA

3.  'Buzkashi Boys' by Sam French VICE Shorts (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCuvVz7BR7c&pp=sAQA

4.  'Buzkashi Boys' by Sam French VICE Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2sYUtzxRBQ&pp=sAQA

5.  'Freeway' Rick Ross The Jim Norton Show (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwvjC25aA7k&pp=sAQA

6.  'Freeway' Rick Ross The Jim Norton Show (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZjbQPhduVk&pp=sAQA

7.  'Freeway' Rick Ross The Jim Norton Show (Teaser).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFDY3gDDBFg&pp=sAQA

8.  'Is The American Justice System Racist' - Shane Smith Asks President Obama (Teaser).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0i4tGBYFSw&pp=sAQA

9.  'Love' - A Film by Gaspar Noé (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62yCdFzP9Mc&pp=sAQA

10.  'Montage of Heck' - VICE Meets Kurt Cobain Documentary Filmmaker Brett Morgen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bd4l3JyivVw&pp=sAQA

11.  'Mr. Happy' - Starring Chance the Rapper  Short Film (2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZqkMWGc0js&pp=sAQA

12.  'Never Going Back' Releasing Inmates During a Pandemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaTnP5AgQ_g&pp=sAQA

13.  'Skin' by Jordana Spiro VICE Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXzfsqX50Mk&pp=sAQA

14.  'State of Surveillance' with Edward Snowden and Shane Smith (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucRWyGKBVzo&pp=sAQA

15.  'The Cleveland Strangler' The Story of a Brutal Serial Killer & His Forgotten Victims.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WymiIAVczso&pp=sAQA

16.  1 Sperm Donor, 17+ Kids, and a $5M Lawsuit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zw5H7byQ53w&pp=sAQA

17.  1-800-KEVIN  The Kevin Gates Helpline Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WU3n-GXhp4o&pp=sAQA

18.  10 Questions for the Antifa Fight Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGQhEa_0NVU&pp=sAQA

19.  10 Questions You Always Wanted To Ask a Pet Cremator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjGCLc0hJ1g&pp=sAQA

20.  10 Questions You've Always Wanted to Ask a Cocaine Dealer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYda-sCXXW4&pp=sAQA

21.  10 Years in Jail & 1,000 Lashes In Conversation with Ensaf Haidar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KotlK1O6HF4&pp=sAQA

22.  12 Minutes of Nonsense After 3 Months of Quarantine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8Jmf6nVoQo&pp=sAQA

23.  2 Decades Behind Bars for Wrongful Murder Conviction The Fairbanks Four.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itCHf2LJ7HE&pp=sAQA

24.  20 Things You May Have Missed in 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBdiZy8sxaw&pp=sAQA

25.  24 Hours In The Life Of America’s Essential Workers  Essentials Episode 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boLD1A2MnCI&pp=sAQA

26.  24 Hours with Female Marines in NYC Fleet Week.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFXzSNn-xJQ&pp=sAQA

27.  36 Kids & Counting The DIY Sperm Donor  My Life Online.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-NO1Omeois&pp=sAQA

28.  40 Years of Not Being Famous Led to a Cult Following.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrdlDaHIvdg&pp=sAQA

29.  7 Week Impossible Journey to Find My Newborn Baby in Ukraine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5CnEeqnehc&pp=sAQA

30.  75 Year Old Senior Correspondent Crashes Fashion Week.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MJy2hRl2dI&pp=sAQA

31.  75 Year Old Tries 10-lb Seafood Mukbang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7C5of6ASKE&pp=sAQA

32.  A Conclusive List of the Top Five Scariest Horror Comics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5KFdwuQbm8&pp=sAQA

33.  A Day at Canada’s First Weed Curling Tournament.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXB0f7C-VQA&pp=sAQA

34.  A Day in South America’s “Most Humane” Prison.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Q2EvXu12E0&pp=sAQA

35.  A Day in the Life of a Donald Trump Impersonator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXgbL0_PTWk&pp=sAQA

36.  A Day with Florida’s Only Football Hooligan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KT45yNltwM&pp=sAQA

37.  A Doctor Explains What Happens When Smuggling Cocaine Goes Wrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1SOUI8GjWTE&pp=sAQA

38.  A Family's Desperate Search for a Missing Woman Police Can't Find.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G4DebQk6iY&pp=sAQA

39.  A Former Drug Kingpin Shares His Secrets  Informer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhwwnnBTf3M&pp=sAQA

40.  A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night (2014) - Official Trailer [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YGmTdo3vuY&pp=sAQA

41.  A Good Day to Die Fake Funerals in South Korea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejEaJUEOhjs&pp=sAQA

42.  A Hard Look at “Natural” Boner Pills and the War With the Convenience Stores Selling Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2CFq6NYWog&pp=sAQA

43.  A Look into the Bizarre World of Christian Comics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Xwa99L89LE&pp=sAQA

44.  A Male Witch Explains Why He’s not a Wizard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHvJiWm8NIM&pp=sAQA

45.  A Marine's Advice on Tear Gas Attacks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxdwbZ3Oeyc&pp=sAQA

46.  A Non-Stop Drinking Tour in Ximeng VICE INTL (China).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPOmSKTOsY0&pp=sAQA

47.  A Penis Augmentation Doctor Explains How Getting Bigger Actually Works.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTi7mNV1f-Q&pp=sAQA

48.  A Piece of the Bottom VICE Shorts (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPmhs77baAw&pp=sAQA

49.  A Piece of the Bottom VICE Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvBDuiFik74&pp=sAQA

50.  A Prayer for Uganda  Kidneyville (VICE on HBO Season 3, Episode 10).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BS4HvHALY0s&pp=sAQA

51.  A Priest for Gangbangers VICE INTL (Mexico).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQJIv4i1KAk&pp=sAQA

52.  A Punk Bar Takes on Billionaires.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7sb-AziEn4&pp=sAQA

53.  A Quick Chat with Senator Chuck Schumer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbQLUB_OxYs&pp=sAQA

54.  A Red Light District Tour By An Ex-Heroin Addict.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoSvhEUb_Es&pp=sAQA

55.  A Serial Killer Profiler Explains the Minds of Murderers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbHg6U5DL0w&pp=sAQA

56.  A Surprise 'Music Video' for Karen O.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtVk9otjN24&pp=sAQA

57.  A Syria Of Their Own & White Gold (VICE on HBO Season 2, Episode 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79E2KajXos8&pp=sAQA

58.  A Woman is Murdered Every 3 Hours in South Africa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atMTFpX_TN4&pp=sAQA

59.  Aaron Swartz Life and Legacy - The VICE Podcast Show 043.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHdQS3FC8i4&pp=sAQA

60.  Abandoned at Home A Live VICE News Special Event (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8ipehQFeww&pp=sAQA

61.  Abandoned by the Captain of Yelp’s Worst-Rated Fishing Voyage  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWJKEErr8Ps&pp=sAQA

62.  ABC News Ran My Made Up Story  Fakes, Frauds & Scammers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2QpVBrVtMo&pp=sAQA

63.  Abortion Access in the Maritimes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2roLP6HIQA&pp=sAQA

64.  Addressing Conspiracies on What Happened at Area 51.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9c9Qwx_-2k&pp=sAQA

65.  Advice from a COVID-19 Biohazard Clean Up Team.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJUAkqx4RsE&pp=sAQA

66.  Afghan Women's Rights & Floating Armories (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 8).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chxB9yRsiXk&pp=sAQA

67.  Afghanistan After Us  La Haine (VICE on HBO Season 3, Episode 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxRFkXaTJKE&pp=sAQA

68.  Afghanistan After Us VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOQHYZL0cOs&pp=sAQA

69.  Afghanistan After Us VICE on HBO Sneak Peek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uc5at354iM&pp=sAQA

70.  Afghanistan's Wheelchair Basketball Team.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0ijXUMca54&pp=sAQA

71.  After 3 Decades, Exonerated After False Rape Accusation  Innocence Ignored.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5yrFOX5vh0&pp=sAQA

72.  After 846  Source Material.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ua3ciaA_a80&pp=sAQA

73.  Agnès Varda and Artist JR Turned a Trip to France into a Documentary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEAkEJTBJ2U&pp=sAQA

74.  Ahmed Shihab-Eldin' Debrief on Flint's Water Crisis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHB_peEhBKs&pp=sAQA

75.  Alexis Neiers on Drugs, Prison, and the Bling Ring Profiles by VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FH9-S6ntIBQ&pp=sAQA

76.  Alexis Neiers on Drugs, Prison, the Bling Ring, and Redemption Profiles by VICE (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sbJFifCcic&pp=sAQA

77.  Alien Abduction Therapy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ed8ALToWeg&pp=sAQA

78.  Alien Gods, Jesus’ Spaceship, & Operation Prayer Power Welcome to The Aetherius Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hy9b-9-gfRQ&pp=sAQA

79.  All My Feminist Street Art Gets Destroyed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqABuMc6KMY&pp=sAQA

80.  All This Mayhem - Official Red Band Trailer [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjqFiPkcOzM&pp=sAQA

81.  All This Mayhem - Official Trailer (2014) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wDiszmA2o8&pp=sAQA

82.  Alone in the Woods Harmony Korine's The Legend of Cambo (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFYIHwxY5dY&pp=sAQA

83.  Alone in the Woods Harmony Korine's The Legend of Cambo (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJX-h47ZfLY&pp=sAQA

84.  Aman Mojadidi, the Artist Who Merges Bling and Jihadi Terrorism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-iqdjUVbJk&pp=sAQA

85.  America's Decaying Infrastructure Has D+ Rating  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJI3puBeuDE&pp=sAQA

86.  America’s Anti-Police Brutality Protests This Weekend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlWnGAiBx4k&pp=sAQA

87.  America’s Biggest Japanese Tattoo Artists Taki and Horitomo  Tattoo Age Episode 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8tH6Ins1oQ&pp=sAQA

88.  America’s First Bare Knuckle Fighting Championship.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agkUPzyMbGg&pp=sAQA

89.  An Alien Abduction Hypnotherapist Explains Extraterrestrial Encounters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPHADhObzTI&pp=sAQA

90.  An Animated Trip Inside the Mind of Rapper E-40  Inside My Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpvPiva-INQ&pp=sAQA

91.  An Eating Disorder Specialist Explains How Trauma Creates Food Disorders.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VZNGgDjsMo&pp=sAQA

92.  An Ex-Con's Journey Back to Prison Revolving Doors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjPs2ibGkIU&pp=sAQA

93.  An Executioner Explains What It's Like to Legally Kill People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-RKuc2nAY8&pp=sAQA

94.  An Inside Look at the Exotic Animal Trade Profiles by VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSQ8blCdAtA&pp=sAQA

95.  Andre Gets Hit by a Car Standing Up with Andre Arruda.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVGtWuzr_tQ&pp=sAQA

96.  Animal Rights Extremists Trespassing to Rescue Chickens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vp8-rYqCAnM&pp=sAQA

97.  Anna Konda & Berlin's Female Fight Club VICE INTL (Germany).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziuDMj-mGiA&pp=sAQA

98.  Anonymous Bodies at America’s Deadliest Border Crossing  Overlooked.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OE3gIqiNKNA&pp=sAQA

99.  Anti-Feminists Think Rape Victims Deserve It Profiles by VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4PDFaRPKM0&pp=sAQA

100.  Anti-Jihadist Training Camp VICE Reports.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZULmqCOXci8&pp=sAQA

101.  Anti-Radiation Deer Blood Baths Russian Road Trip (Part 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPxMtj3bdPc&pp=sAQA

102.  Architects Are Using Mud to Build Sustainable Homes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeoc3oz-pM0&pp=sAQA

103.  Are Non FDA Approved Vitamins Just Expensive Pee  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_L0GHSOGy0&pp=sAQA

104.  Are These Women Donald Trump's Secret Weapon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aqJuBzzXks&pp=sAQA

105.  Are You An Empath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0rBTPcnWLk&pp=sAQA

106.  Assad's Syria & Cost of Climate Change (VICE on HBO Season 5, Episode 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y20Tx2eCw28&pp=sAQA

107.  Australia's Deadliest Soldier The Killer Commando.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25g43nWfpS0&pp=sAQA

108.  Autobiographies (Trailer) A New Series of Life Stories Presented by VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CNcmZCUW3Y&pp=sAQA

109.  Aztec Tattoo Artist Uses Ink to Honor Ancestors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGEBu0rP9Yw&pp=sAQA

110.  Back in Mombasa Behind the Scenes of 'Fishing Without Nets' (Part 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyCu9Ao8iW0&pp=sAQA

111.  Backstreet Abortions in the Philippines Year of Mercy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6S9oUu0R3sY&pp=sAQA

112.  Bad Boy Chiller Crew The World’s Most Deranged Rap Group.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46OjTP8X_sc&pp=sAQA

113.  Bam Bam Does the Big Easy Latest on VICE (October 4, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4gMaoxn2FA&pp=sAQA

114.  Battling Addiction During a Pandemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07lsXkWmpz8&pp=sAQA

115.  Be Here Nowish - Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mD6gx3HlFE&pp=sAQA

116.  Beating Blindness & White Collar Weed (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpgZht-8HCI&pp=sAQA

117.  Beating Film Censorship in China Online Big Movies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyj7A6iD9Nk&pp=sAQA

118.  Beaver Hunters, Bird Massacres, and the Alien Boxer Latest on VICE (January 17, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9GAciaguGE&pp=sAQA

119.  Becoming a Sex Avatar for VR Porn  Slutever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ynm0rUXMZA&pp=sAQA

120.  Becoming a SoundCloud Rapper at Age 75.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cU3F-xgHI4M&pp=sAQA

121.  Before & After the Beirut Explosion  Source Material.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJFMsSgBFHU&pp=sAQA

122.  Behind the Scenes of 'Fishing Without Nets' (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMYBy_9WBl4&pp=sAQA

123.  Behind The Scenes of Palo Alto A film by Jacqui Getty (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwqLSfYUt8U&pp=sAQA

124.  Being a Black Bull Rider in a Majority White Sport.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqO6hA1DXLc&pp=sAQA

125.  Being a Tattoo Artist in a Dangerous Favela  Under the Ink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24vFsVAhoY0&pp=sAQA

126.  Being a White Student at a Historically Black College.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccZk_e3Tc5s&pp=sAQA

127.  Being Ida.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AT933LndLA&pp=sAQA

128.  Ben Anderson's Debrief on the Living Conditions of Migrant Workers in Dubai.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MJS1ijshHA&pp=sAQA

129.  Ben Anderson's Debrief on the Polio Outbreak in Pakistan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFT72DPWWyI&pp=sAQA

130.  Ben Wheatley on the Influence of Architecture and Viral Videos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qavZkT9fuF8&pp=sAQA

131.  Berlin's Legendary Fashion Icon on the Explosion of Culture in 1989.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnlvOEbU7tA&pp=sAQA

132.  Berlin's Longest Running DJ on the Birth of Techno in 1989.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTbtak94OLE&pp=sAQA

133.  Bert Krak is the King of NYC Style Tattoos  Tattoo Age Episode 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WBQi3R3NDU&pp=sAQA

134.  Between God & The Devil Mexico's Land of Sorcerers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKVlMMbTI9s&pp=sAQA

135.  Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh After 'Wild Wild Country'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdMg2-bQR94&pp=sAQA

136.  Big Business vs Drug Dealers The Battle Over Lebanon’s Weed Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z76dsXg-fPw&pp=sAQA

137.  Big Money in American Politics with Politico's Ken Vogel VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2FfQhSECgY&pp=sAQA

138.  Black Conservatives Debate Black Liberals on American Politics (Extended Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVIoC5ROaHk&pp=sAQA

139.  Black Conservatives Debate Black Liberals on Trump, Obama, and American Politics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGAsMtcPy_c&pp=sAQA

140.  Black Ink Crew Chicago Review the Worst VICE Employee Tattoos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSqmI-5ZiEI&pp=sAQA

141.  Black Physicians Make A Plea to America.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhiccBZjfXU&pp=sAQA

142.  Black Widow Dominating the Masculine World of Boxing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAbPx2yCFwE&pp=sAQA

143.  Blazing Trails in Frisco, Colorado.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DKlcWF198o&pp=sAQA

144.  Blood Debt Feudal Familial Law in the Balkans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTrUG5EszmQ&pp=sAQA

145.  Blood For Water Fighting for the Rainy Season in Mexico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGIWPIUCX_E&pp=sAQA

146.  Blood Sport Cockfighting in the Canary Islands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8w-3aZ0At0g&pp=sAQA

147.  Blood, Guts, and Bad Acting Inside the Indonesian B Movies of the 1980s.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9axbh6DKdG0&pp=sAQA

148.  Boko Haram & Unnatural Selection (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Er2R83HG6Ts&pp=sAQA

149.  Bombings in Chile, Waka Flocka, & John Lurie Latest on VICE (November 15, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCupSkLAiLE&pp=sAQA

150.  Brazilian Butt Lift Specialist Explains Why It’s So Dangerous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4k7CuDjBUDA&pp=sAQA

151.  Breaking Down the Sexual Pleasure Gap  Finishing School Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuhbhUkqEqQ&pp=sAQA

152.  Breaking Into Military Bases with UFO Fanatics  Mystery Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlzrdfQRxLw&pp=sAQA

153.  Breaking the Law with Gay Conversion Therapy (Part 33).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7FM_T92SVo&pp=sAQA

154.  Breana Geering and Una Farrar are Changing Skate Culture in Vancouver.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7D7USeTxNI&pp=sAQA

155.  Brighton Zeuner Sees Skateboarding As Space To Create.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QylUPz_RrnU&pp=sAQA

156.  Bringing Justice to Victims Murdered in Police Custody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6oCN_ZSOlM&pp=sAQA

157.  Britain's Illegal Rave Renaissance LOCKED OFF.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3t3YnVgY9k&pp=sAQA

158.  British Columbia Is Burning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJJM8TzVtt0&pp=sAQA

159.  Brooklyn’s King of Tattoos Mike Perfetto  Tattoo Age.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojuikB1UVpk&pp=sAQA

160.  Bug Play aka Formicophilia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXbTazg271A&pp=sAQA

161.  Bun B Breaks Down a Contested Convention.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQGQfLxWDTI&pp=sAQA

162.  Bun B Breaks Down the Dump Trump Movement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6p6BYnvWFM&pp=sAQA

163.  Buying Drugs Over Snapchat  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ki7d_R-t60&pp=sAQA

164.  Cabin Fever The Quarantine Variety Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMAavnirJPM&pp=sAQA

165.  California's Suburban Goth Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VxQcsBHByE&pp=sAQA

166.  Can a Millennial Troll Survive NATO's Biggest War Games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGrhgd70zzo&pp=sAQA

167.  Can A Silent Guru Cure this Millennial Troll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYecBZfzcq4&pp=sAQA

168.  Can An NYC Street Racer Become A Professional Driver.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3EKJ5Psdgw&pp=sAQA

169.  Can Japanese Paid Companions Survive a Pandemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fJpRa7o_fQ&pp=sAQA

170.  Can Psychedelics Make You Less Depressed  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiT15PIelbA&pp=sAQA

171.  Can Relationships Survive a Global Pandemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbmR7jNoKis&pp=sAQA

172.  Can Vertical Farms Fix the Future of Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVhfumMkCHc&pp=sAQA

173.  Can Yelp’s Worst-Rated Orthodontist Fix My Smile  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ9pJqd6HAk&pp=sAQA

174.  Canada's Medical Marijuana Program Is Hurting Patients Canadian Cannabis (Episode 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKyqdpRkqKw&pp=sAQA

175.  Canada's Poop Cafe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yx_159j4pa8&pp=sAQA

176.  Canada's Waterless Communities Neskantaga.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gsg6eUhFDDo&pp=sAQA

177.  Cancer Patients on How to Talk To Them About Having Cancer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vaJs8GcWKE&pp=sAQA

178.  Cannabis Culture with Laura Jane Grace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3m_xh3Gf8g&pp=sAQA

179.  Capturing the Collapse of Communism in 1989  Developing News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WsonSl8uu8&pp=sAQA

180.  Capturing the Devastation of the Israel-Palestine Conflict I Developing News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_S2lDPWGuI&pp=sAQA

181.  Carried in a Coffin at Spain's Near Death Festival.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-gP4_Jha28&pp=sAQA

182.  Cartel Land (2015) - Official Trailer [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JD7hPM_yxg&pp=sAQA

183.  Cartel Land Coming Full Circle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zJlmCVlF34&pp=sAQA

184.  Cartels Are Trafficking Drugs Through West Africa  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXf0ga9s8Xw&pp=sAQA

185.  Cash for Kim North Korean Forced Laborers in Poland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPjKs8NuY4s&pp=sAQA

186.  Cash Slaves Inside the Dystopian Fetish of Financial Domination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ad6bpsQmV5Q&pp=sAQA

187.  Casting the Pirates Behind the Scenes of 'Fishing Without Nets' (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFqbt0XAGfo&pp=sAQA

188.  Caught In The Crossfire Afghanistan's Civilian Casualties (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aTpF7_igpY&pp=sAQA

189.  Celebrating 420 with London's Weed Fanatics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHtZYkYILsg&pp=sAQA

190.  Celebrating Black History with Comic Book Culture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haaZq37ZOiA&pp=sAQA

191.  Celebrating the Greatest President of All Time Abe Lincoln.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8JDvECU3_k&pp=sAQA

192.  Challenging a Snail Racing Champion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-UeVeRFU20&pp=sAQA

193.  Channeling the Dead with Yelp's Worst-Rated Psychic  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rK4vFjAGUdc&pp=sAQA

194.  Charlottesville Race and Terror – VICE News Tonight on HBO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIrcB1sAN8I&pp=sAQA

195.  CHEMSEX - Official Trailer (2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZLqFHVnaMs&pp=sAQA

196.  Child Brides That Escaped the Sexual Abuse of Polygamist Cult FLDS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JToezSN3l2Y&pp=sAQA

197.  Child Bullfighters in Mexico Profiles by VICE (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-W5jLlXTQ4A&pp=sAQA

198.  Child Bullfighters in Mexico Profiles by VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSZPiYWion0&pp=sAQA

199.  Children for Sale The Trafficking Ring Selling Babies from the Slums to Rich Couples.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMnOrRf0Wug&pp=sAQA

200.  Chillingly Dark Tattoo Art of Identical Twins of Salem  Under the Ink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmiSxYE6C6k&pp=sAQA

201.  China's Communist Kindergarten VICE INTL (China).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKfsx8xGef8&pp=sAQA

202.  China's Elite Female Bodyguards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0o7lajjzBg&pp=sAQA

203.  China's MMA Club for Poor and Orphaned Boys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFDBQ590DXI&pp=sAQA

204.  China's Vape Industry Is Just Getting Started.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDSGBnAySb4&pp=sAQA

205.  China's Webcam Economy Is a Modern-Day Gold Rush.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dckjk1V-KRM&pp=sAQA

206.  China’s Obsession with Mink Coats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjD-jxnyb38&pp=sAQA

207.  CHIRAQ Chief Keef & Chicago's Rap Underground (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os3rHvkRdN0&pp=sAQA

208.  Chloë Sevigny, Fat Mike, & Millionaire Gaming Prodigies Latest on VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mrM5wYQF0Y&pp=sAQA

209.  Chris Benoit (Trailer)  DARK SIDE OF THE RING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HF0se6ArND8&pp=sAQA

210.  Chris Garver Has Been Drawing Tattoos by Hand for 30 Years  Tattoo Age Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uA30dp5yHh0&pp=sAQA

211.  Chris Hedges on What it Takes to be a Rebel in Modern Times.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUgaqJZLwOg&pp=sAQA

212.  Christopher Nolan on Following - Conversations Inside The Criterion Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUpA7Qma_9E&pp=sAQA

213.  Cliff Diving in Italy  World Without Planes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PIMPdFpJVU&pp=sAQA

214.  Cocaine Narcos, Sicarios and Peru (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjJNdd891mg&pp=sAQA

215.  Cocaine Narcos, Sicarios and Peru (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=folamLZ5F2c&pp=sAQA

216.  Cocaine Narcos, Sicarios and Peru (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGZyV7VYdKY&pp=sAQA

217.  Cold War 2.0 (VICE on HBO Season 3, Episode 14).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkW4eW7TMvM&pp=sAQA

218.  Cold War 2.0 VICE on HBO Season Finale Sneak Peek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gllpkkbwPXc&pp=sAQA

219.  Collecting Dead Bodies in Israel for Burial ZAKA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qj3PeF3vazw&pp=sAQA

220.  Colombia's Hidden Cocaine Route El Naya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bw6KZR7WVMM&pp=sAQA

221.  Colombian Prison Taken Over By Inmates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omBXPWuyhMI&pp=sAQA

222.  Comedic Legend Jim Gaffigan Explains How to Fix the Divided Nation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y561EVW5SoQ&pp=sAQA

223.  Coming Out In A Japanese Home with Ellen Page  GAYCATION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKUlte3lDaY&pp=sAQA

224.  Coming Soon Eagles of Death Metal Speak Out about the Paris Attacks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOeI7nRYUE4&pp=sAQA

225.  Competing in America's Biggest Fighting Game Tournament Evo 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGrRlQd4ay4&pp=sAQA

226.  Competitive Nettle Eating is Brutal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yc1f1eAKZtQ&pp=sAQA

227.  CONIFA The Other World Cup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqz1CVP4wpM&pp=sAQA

228.  Conjuring the Dead at Venezuela’s Fire Ceremony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GALJ_HkDmRg&pp=sAQA

229.  Conservatives and Progressives Debate Feminism (Extended Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMvih_KEMWo&pp=sAQA

230.  Conservatives and Progressives Debate Feminism, #MeToo, and Donald Trump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVXWPjxbLEY&pp=sAQA

231.  Coping With Hecklers Standing Up with Andre Arruda.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DCPFTWiaQk&pp=sAQA

232.  Coping With Severe OCD as a Teenager.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTl6P7L_ILc&pp=sAQA

233.  Cosplay Centerfold From Playboy to Video Games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aMazkInfw0&pp=sAQA

234.  Countdown to Extinction Episode 3 Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fNnPMRU8Nw&pp=sAQA

235.  Counterfeiting Microsoft Windows Restore CDs Landed Me in Prison for a Year.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uv_zBYlZJR8&pp=sAQA

236.  Covering Up Racist Tattoos Erasing the Hate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_MxhPKPAqA&pp=sAQA

237.  COVID-19 Causing PTSD in Doctors and Nurses  The Latest with Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yncn7d-384k&pp=sAQA

238.  COVID-19’s Disproportionate Impact on Communities of Color  The Latest with Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iM6E43ixVCo&pp=sAQA

239.  COVID-19’s Impact on Disabled People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aGUuA5aDic&pp=sAQA

240.  Creating Illegal Murals in Bushwick with Menaceresa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6CUMEsgzruI&pp=sAQA

241.  Credit Card Scammers on the Dark Web.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jT-jmq8KBw0&pp=sAQA

242.  Creepy Doll Adoption Agency  Side Hustles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CC0O5Ji1mGM&pp=sAQA

243.  Cringey First Date Between a Real Estate Agent and Philosopher  Pavement Passions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vk88sblhB-4&pp=sAQA

244.  Crippling Drought in the Golden State California Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmUwjk4S3gw&pp=sAQA

245.  Crisis Inside the Border's Largest Refugee Tent City.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXTeg5LAvN8&pp=sAQA

246.  Crop Circle Theorist Thinks the Truth is Out There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDqZvGJW4gk&pp=sAQA

247.  Crossing the Deadly Waters of the Aegean Sea Escape to Europe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bc5Lpu0zq08&pp=sAQA

248.  Cryotherapy The -130 Degree Fitness Treatment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcFMWjnqSw0&pp=sAQA

249.  Cuddling People for $80Hour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dOCihoFiEQ&pp=sAQA

250.  Cult or Commune Inside 'The Garden'  My Life Online.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mu6GRnFcGtA&pp=sAQA

251.  Cyberspies, Nukes, & the New Cold War VICE News Interviews the SecDef (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpK1twSoA2U&pp=sAQA

252.  Daily VICE Top Stories of 2015 - Black Lives Matter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYvmoZd8Aso&pp=sAQA

253.  Daily VICE Top Stories of 2015 - Breakout Artists of 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbtikDFzXYY&pp=sAQA

254.  Daily VICE Top Stories of 2015 - Spice Boys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKH0OtKWPEg&pp=sAQA

255.  Daily VICE Top Stories of 2015 - Toxic Shock.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgYXi1CLpeg&pp=sAQA

256.  Daily VICE Top Stories of 2015 - Transgender Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmGbJlL558U&pp=sAQA

257.  Dan Leung on Falling In and Out of Love with Skating.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6Zikhi0ryA&pp=sAQA

258.  Dancing through Gunshots in Brazil's Favelas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=to0evRbb9lY&pp=sAQA

259.  Dark Side of the Ring Season 2 (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIjXUMUhjjg&pp=sAQA

260.  Dave Attell on 'The Jim Norton Show' (Teaser).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6bx2q6Dnsk&pp=sAQA

261.  Dave Attell, Rich Vos, and Sherrod Small The Jim Norton Show (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPy9vzQbVHo&pp=sAQA

262.  Dave Attell, Rich Vos, and Sherrod Small The Jim Norton Show (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7YKQxKN6hU&pp=sAQA

263.  Death in a Can Australia's Euthanasia Loophole - VICE INTL (Australia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-nTAU3vXzQ&pp=sAQA

264.  Debtors' Prisons Life Inside America’s For-Profit Justice System (Part 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIghbrn5yfI&pp=sAQA

265.  Debtors' Prisons Life Inside America’s For-Profit Justice System (Part 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRfCPFVUA5Y&pp=sAQA

266.  Debunking Crystal Meth Myths  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-VkWkPs1aw&pp=sAQA

267.  Decomposing Bodies to Solve Cold Case Murders.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqRo23h01qQ&pp=sAQA

268.  Deepfake Technology Could Compromise American Politics  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aXeq2FzHD0&pp=sAQA

269.  Designer Caskets Going Out in Style.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQ6Sob2tbC4&pp=sAQA

270.  Desperate in Dairyland Bun B Goes Inside Wisconsin's Fight to Stop Donald Trump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOHUD6W1xUs&pp=sAQA

271.  Did Gen Z Affect the 2020 Election.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nou51h4OaS8&pp=sAQA

272.  Did I Get Scammed by Yelp’s Worst-Rated Talent “Agency”  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMn5F8UJqdU&pp=sAQA

273.  Did Police and Media Botch The Murder Investigation of Charlene Downes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmJtb-22sUQ&pp=sAQA

274.  Did the Parents Kill Her  Murder of Charlene Downes (Part 3 of 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7854Z9Bi2JQ&pp=sAQA

275.  Die Trying - The Battle For ALS Treatment (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 16).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arDpeOm2s_4&pp=sAQA

276.  Dimebags vs. Dispensaries Street Dealers to Multi-Million Dollar Weed Startups.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=289YGRMPePw&pp=sAQA

277.  Dining on Dogs in China Dog Days of Yulin (Part 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=589NAoC9Q6Y&pp=sAQA

278.  Dining on Dogs in China Dog Days of Yulin (Part 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv8Z4u5ZqWw&pp=sAQA

279.  Dining on Dogs in Yulin VICE Reports (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfaZeIxHFUM&pp=sAQA

280.  Dining on Dogs in Yulin VICE Reports (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fNdnnKE4XY&pp=sAQA

281.  Director Barry Jenkins on Creating Empathy Through His Film 'Moonlight'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIgkDjqZQCo&pp=sAQA

282.  Director Paul Thomas Anderson Talks 'Inherent Vice'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPB6GXG7Wa8&pp=sAQA

283.  Disabled Not Defeated The Rock Band With Learning Disabilities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcqmsVmt7N0&pp=sAQA

284.  DIY Artisanal Sploof to Mask that Weed Smell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbbeVL0UAO0&pp=sAQA

285.  DIY Guns California Soul (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRWKjXXstjI&pp=sAQA

286.  DIY Gunshot Treatment on Chicago’s South Side.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPAt8MJhPx8&pp=sAQA

287.  Documenting America's Underbelly - ALL GAS NO BRAKES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUbod5t_2oM&pp=sAQA

288.  Does Climate Change Really Mean the End of the World  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNwkY_V_BPI&pp=sAQA

289.  Donald Trump's USA Freedom Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9W5rnYb70kQ&pp=sAQA

290.  Donating 12,000 Pairs of Sneakers to Skid Row Homeless.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cinyZ1KS_g&pp=sAQA

291.  Donk Racing in Georgia with Taji Ameen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lsRTvpNArDg&pp=sAQA

292.  Down the 5G Conspiracy Rabbithole.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzBLWA-khVg&pp=sAQA

293.  Downsizing the $50 Billion Indian Wedding Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9ou08pqF9I&pp=sAQA

294.  Drawing a Self-Portrait with Logan Browning of The Perfection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pDjTcmPNZk&pp=sAQA

295.  Drinking Vodka With Russian Separatists Russian Road Trip (Part 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhG46p1fVA4&pp=sAQA

296.  Drone Dogfights, Screaming Females, & Rising Oceans Latest on VICE (March 8).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUHT1kCxiW4&pp=sAQA

297.  Drone Racing, Shia Militias, & The Miracle Man Latest on VICE (February 16).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfHWSK9aGsU&pp=sAQA

298.  Drones, Bones, & Thanksgiving With Beach House Latest on VICE (November 30, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcN-Gv6eMgc&pp=sAQA

299.  Drought in the Golden State California Soul (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSLe6HHEKn4&pp=sAQA

300.  Drugs, Crime, and the Australian Bikie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7r_Sq_T-A8&pp=sAQA

301.  Drugs, Prostitution, & Diesel Conversion Criminal Opportunists Thrive Amidst UK Housing Crisis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lT6Y3was5Qs&pp=sAQA

302.  Duterte's Brutal War on Drugs  Source Material.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4807rGYGZE&pp=sAQA

303.  Dying for Treatment VICE Reports (Part 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m99sm58hg_w&pp=sAQA

304.  Dying for Treatment VICE Reports (Part 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yeyy5GpLYs&pp=sAQA

305.  Dying for Treatment VICE Reports (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEBDUBiZoKI&pp=sAQA

306.  Eagles of Death Metal Discuss Paris Terror Attacks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n74HBrrFnIc&pp=sAQA

307.  Eating at a Hooters for Women in Japan  Slutever Shorties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LN65u8Fh-1s&pp=sAQA

308.  Eating at the Worst-Rated Buffet I Could Find on Yelp  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhDinQ01zTw&pp=sAQA

309.  Eating Off Naked Bodies at an Erotic Dinner Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hm5VY5oH3-A&pp=sAQA

310.  Ed Hardy The Godfather of Modern Tattooing  Tattoo Age Episode 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-Cl-t6iyAM&pp=sAQA

311.  Ed Hardy’s Last Tattoo Apprentice  Tattoo Age Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzxLdCxlM6s&pp=sAQA

312.  Egyptian Tomb Raiders  Rent a White Guy (VICE on HBO Season 3, Episode 8).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jGSerN_1sM&pp=sAQA

313.  Egyptian Tomb Raiders Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njjLv_wkcG0&pp=sAQA

314.  Egyptian Tomb Raiders VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 8).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cI_UUWlQGNE&pp=sAQA

315.  Embracing Sologamy Meet The Woman Who Married Herself.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVKK1DWYMfQ&pp=sAQA

316.  Empowering People with Vintage Clothes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D27q0wXheEo&pp=sAQA

317.  Enemies at the Gate Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giid2FroIsM&pp=sAQA

318.  Enemies at the Gate with Suroosh Alvi  VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kT2IeCvEN_k&pp=sAQA

319.  Enforced Disappearances Muzzle Journalists in Bangladesh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kI-mOg6Ctog&pp=sAQA

320.  England's Lord of Fraud Wolf of the West End.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJDSi_ZXp0E&pp=sAQA

321.  Enter the 360° World of Vodou Healing in Haiti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woflfjj9Kkc&pp=sAQA

322.  Enter the World of Underground Fetish Wrestling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cm0soVg15Vw&pp=sAQA

323.  Epicly Later'd Chima Ferguson (Part 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJ0D4bQZ3so&pp=sAQA

324.  Epicly Later'd Chima Ferguson (Part 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWsXDM0fgeA&pp=sAQA

325.  Epicly Later'd Chima Ferguson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWIglBe9jvk&pp=sAQA

326.  Epicly Later'd Chocolate (Part 14).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws-_-6BhGT8&pp=sAQA

327.  Epicly Later'd Chocolate (Part 24).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHCf925JS0s&pp=sAQA

328.  Epicly Later'd Chocolate (Part 34).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhcWkVnvU2I&pp=sAQA

329.  Epicly Later'd Chocolate (Part 44).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HaOwI2Ti3Q&pp=sAQA

330.  Epicly Later'd Keith Hufnagel (Part 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhXEfxmR1_Q&pp=sAQA

331.  Epicly Later'd Keith Hufnagel (Part 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoFtAUKWaKA&pp=sAQA

332.  Epicly Later'd Keith Hufnagel (Part 33).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0B9ywwHU68&pp=sAQA

333.  Epicly Later'd Revisiting Kevin 'Spanky' Long (Part 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkxXFBR53hI&pp=sAQA

334.  Epicly Later'd Revisiting Kevin 'Spanky' Long (Part 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzRry6hShdA&pp=sAQA

335.  Escape to Europe & Cycle of Terror (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iGX5HlA5vs&pp=sAQA

336.  Escaping From a North Korean Concentration Camp VICE Meets Kim Hye-sook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67ZdOUqDqBY&pp=sAQA

337.  Escaping Prison with Dungeons & Dragons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kDseTCNGyA&pp=sAQA

338.  Eskimo, Inuit, & the True Meaning of 'Vegetarian' Thomas Morton on the Slanguage of Alaska Natives.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBrGKqPdH_A&pp=sAQA

339.  Essential Workers Are Now Fighting Two Pandemics at Once  Essentials Episode 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9SR09eC_z0&pp=sAQA

340.  Eternal K-Hole of the Spotless Mind  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZxNLlkKGiI&pp=sAQA

341.  Evolution of a Plague  Campus Coverup (VICE on HBO Season 3, Episode 11).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZilxpf80N0&pp=sAQA

342.  Evolution of a Plague Sneak Peek #1 (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUyAvH4dG-4&pp=sAQA

343.  Evolution of a Plague VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 11).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A96Q3ljYmgE&pp=sAQA

344.  Ex-Con Explains the Corruption of Prison Guards  Informer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVDt2ZSW1ks&pp=sAQA

345.  Ex-Cult Member Explains How He Escaped the Moonies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slFUtQQM1Ow&pp=sAQA

346.  Ex-Drug Cop Explains What Going Undercover is Like.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7d7UJVMxmM&pp=sAQA

347.  Exhibitionism, Dirty Talk, and Water Sports  Ask Slutever (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVnF1IP_Pfg&pp=sAQA

348.  Expensive Bongs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8As_YPt2FI&pp=sAQA

349.  Exploring China's Skate Scene with Wang Huifeng.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0fHw7P6IJU&pp=sAQA

350.  Exploring NYC's Comic Book Dungeons with 'Colossal' Director Nacho Vigalondo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmO5X6O15bs&pp=sAQA

351.  Exploring Rapper Yung Raja’s Singapore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wuzm1Wz4xmI&pp=sAQA

352.  Exploring the 'Nazi Village' of Jamel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hG-FLv-4u8E&pp=sAQA

353.  Exposing Celebrities' Fake Sneakers and the Counterfeit Hype Economy Yeezy Busta.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3ySrcI2mEA&pp=sAQA

354.  Exposing Dirty Cops to the FBI  BETRAYING THE BADGE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rdJ6pxd6b4&pp=sAQA

355.  Exposing How the Far Right Recruits People  Informer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqiZ0IWbd5k&pp=sAQA

356.  Extreme Diets, 'Too Hard' Crew, & The Fallout in Gaza Latest on VICE (March 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btHEE-GTjDw&pp=sAQA

357.  Fabiana Delfino On What Skateboarding Means For Self Expression.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJWQkWpwmrA&pp=sAQA

358.  Face-to-Face with an 800-lb Grizzly Bear  Better Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZCU2rFrVpY&pp=sAQA

359.  Falling in Love With a Perfect Stranger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Fx4DVYBf8k&pp=sAQA

360.  Farmers Are Hacking Their Tractors Because of a Repair Ban.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPYy_g8NzmI&pp=sAQA

361.  Fasting for 29 Days With a Muslim Family During Ramadan  Balls Deep Episode 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jZ0rYwCXjw&pp=sAQA

362.  Fear and Loading Meet the NRA's Most Wanted Customer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rYZ7JTBJGg&pp=sAQA

363.  Feeder Fetishes, SlamBall, & the Dawn of Killer Robots Latest on VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ez2VzoX0PX4&pp=sAQA

364.  Female Erotica in Japan (Full Documentary).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrtHfpkL3O8&pp=sAQA

365.  FEMEN Sextremism in Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgLGlUc7P54&pp=sAQA

366.  Fentanyl The Drug Deadlier than Heroin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28rJqj-7pEY&pp=sAQA

367.  Feral Children Photography Recreating Life in Isolation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96A1lqa2dKU&pp=sAQA

368.  Fighting Food Poverty with Britain's Busiest Food Banks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIWARrp_A68&pp=sAQA

369.  Fighting for the Religious Right to Smoke Weed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NbEkpvZYqM&pp=sAQA

370.  Fighting the Use of Electric Shocks on People with Disabilities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXn6l9fP2dw&pp=sAQA

371.  Filmed by the People The First Person Look at the Capitol Riot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hszd21sQa0s&pp=sAQA

372.  Filming My Escape From Wildfires  Source Material.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pa9R_5cZWDk&pp=sAQA

373.  Filmmaker Jeremey Saulnier Talks Neo-Nazis vs Punks and His New Thriller 'Green Room'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_rqNyZWMXA&pp=sAQA

374.  Filmmaker Jon Favreau Talks About Remaking 'The Jungle Book'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xva0SE4ryJk&pp=sAQA

375.  Filmmaker Sam de Jong on The Making of Coming-of-Age Feature ‘Prince’.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ACxyS47qtY&pp=sAQA

376.  Finding a Dead Body on Google Maps  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcgK-WV4Z4I&pp=sAQA

377.  Finding Family in Bangkok’s Rising Drag Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaVGQwQWsoQ&pp=sAQA

378.  Finding Love Amid the Dinosaur Apocalypse (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRw5EPnXjmg&pp=sAQA

379.  Finding Salvation with an Online Cult.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tz3H8YQz34&pp=sAQA

380.  Fire Games of Napoli.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=av1IhNzJKsY&pp=sAQA

381.  Fired for Farting The Story Behind Florida Man Paul Flart  WTFLORIDA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5Xoikdirdc&pp=sAQA

382.  First Nations Burlesque in Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4smKB4vHeog&pp=sAQA

383.  Fishing Without Nets (2014) - Official Green Band Trailer [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRr0VA_HFaE&pp=sAQA

384.  Fitness Frauds Sued For Pranking Morning News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XR1YWZH2Fs&pp=sAQA

385.  Flea, Riff Raff, and the Real Nancy Botwin - Latest on VICE (November 8, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hp9EEPcnUs0&pp=sAQA

386.  Flint Water Crisis & Libya on the Brink (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 15).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOjZxcxgeBw&pp=sAQA

387.  Florence Has Left The Building VICE Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZUm2u5iUMc&pp=sAQA

388.  Florida Man Gets Hit By Car While Trying to Go Viral  WTFlorida.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-lqUaI32_s&pp=sAQA

389.  Florida Man Runs to Bermuda in a Giant Bubble  WTFLORIDA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=da6_LjiIzXk&pp=sAQA

390.  Foreigners Fighting ISIS in Syria The War of Others.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoqds4LV9RI&pp=sAQA

391.  Forensic Science Put Me on Death Row for My Teeth  Innocence Ignored.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40tJura1UvQ&pp=sAQA

392.  Former Cops and Why They Never Spoke Up Silent Witness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vq6MjpXyxmQ&pp=sAQA

393.  France's Anarchists Clash With the Police on May Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoxsDkB-rWU&pp=sAQA

394.  Fred Gall and Taji Skate The Hate  Can You Skate It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lUuUFigbPN8&pp=sAQA

395.  Free Rooms An Inside Look at Berlin's Refugee Housing Crisis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kD6L7KezAA4&pp=sAQA

396.  From Alien Reptilian Cult Member to Murderer  The Devil You Know.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sg0uBLhuEM&pp=sAQA

397.  From Infomercial Salesman to Hemp Farmer  Kings of Kush.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVOtxGVebn8&pp=sAQA

398.  From Paradise to Hell Trapped at a Music Festival Because of COVID-19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6Al9UyW2ck&pp=sAQA

399.  From Paris With Hate VICE on HBO Sneak Peek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcwuYnNweZw&pp=sAQA

400.  From Poverty to King of Bling  House of Dang Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egEbJ2gukxU&pp=sAQA

401.  From Rehab to a Body Bag  Dying for Treatment VICE Reports (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mggiD9OvRQQ&pp=sAQA

402.  From Skater to Stunt Double.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDxqj8IbAJI&pp=sAQA

403.  From Somalia to Sundance Behind the Scenes of 'Fishing Without Nets' (Part 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzWXa7qzA1k&pp=sAQA

404.  From Streetwear to Nike Collab How Bandulu Designed Kyrie Irving's Newest Sneaker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y81NAlQZ7wc&pp=sAQA

405.  From Syria to the Six Kourosh Houshmand's Welcome Wagon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gc1Fvr6Tj4&pp=sAQA

406.  Fusing Hare Krishna Icons and American Traditional Tattoo Art  Tattoo Age Episode 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbVTEuVrCl8&pp=sAQA

407.  Gangsters in Paradise - The Deportees of Tonga.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72u5q-0R48A&pp=sAQA

408.  Gardening Robots, Grapples, & Japan's War on Dance Latest on VICE (November 22, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4d5tvM_G0o4&pp=sAQA

409.  Gaspar Noé Talks Love, 3D Sex, Drugs, and Intimacy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgPdWOVfjDI&pp=sAQA

410.  GAYCATION's Ian Daniel DIscusses Chechnya's LGBT Crisis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBpIeu8z2kU&pp=sAQA

411.  Genealogist Who Tracks Down Modern-Day Slavery Practices.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OXbJHsKB3I&pp=sAQA

412.  George Floyd Who He Was and Who He Leaves Behind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKMgLRbNsuo&pp=sAQA

413.  George Floyd’s Brother Speaks to Shane Smith Tipping Point  Shelter in Place Episode 11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAkTU0Tbp0Y&pp=sAQA

414.  Georgia’s Maternal Mortality Crisis  Overlooked.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dT0rL4TvX-I&pp=sAQA

415.  Germany's Far Right is Surging  Decade of Hate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq7mmyKWXUs&pp=sAQA

416.  Getting Arrested for a Sticker on His Car  WTFLORIDA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7MyWDDmkF0&pp=sAQA

417.  Getting Attacked by Dogs to Become a Better Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvRCd_9PYLQ&pp=sAQA

418.  Getting Clean to Be a Good Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emg0woTVWi4&pp=sAQA

419.  Getting High in LA the West Coast Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4O5835TynEs&pp=sAQA

420.  Getting High on Love at a Sober Rave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-nSr0PB6DU&pp=sAQA

421.  Getting High with a Hallucinogenic Toad Prophet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOFSX6nezEY&pp=sAQA

422.  Getting High with a Smokeable Snowman  Smokeables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6N2Jkyz3W0&pp=sAQA

423.  Getting Iced Out by the King of Bling  House of Dang Episode 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMMU2daYtWY&pp=sAQA

424.  Getting Labiaplasty Surgery for a Designer Vagina.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWnVcWIiBLo&pp=sAQA

425.  Getting Pulled Over After Smoking Weed Legally What Happens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G41FhZMRg3c&pp=sAQA

426.  Getting Rich on Government Money Profiles by VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utiIdR-XVJg&pp=sAQA

427.  Getting Stoned with Seniors in Seattle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fXqzEtQz4E&pp=sAQA

428.  Getting to the Bottom of What the 5G Fuss is All About.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hbNrrrdEus&pp=sAQA

429.  GHB The Party Drug Killing Ravers  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgwPxIHYP-I&pp=sAQA

430.  Ghost Town A Delivery Rider in the Empty Streets of Barcelona.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bhajBydUu8&pp=sAQA

431.  Ghost Town Flyovers of Cities on COVID-19 Lockdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PttvhYlV2Q&pp=sAQA

432.  Ghostrider and Lamborghini Justice (Smoke Show EP2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzF_3npfOU4&pp=sAQA

433.  Gianna Toboni's Cycle of Terror Debrief (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-5cx-7AzBE&pp=sAQA

434.  Gianna Toboni's Debrief on the Ongoing Battle for LGBT Rights in America.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGkGfznvijg&pp=sAQA

435.  Giants, Zombies, & The Islamic State Best of 2014 From The VICE Network.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_-rm9drV-0&pp=sAQA

436.  Giving Birth in the Middle of a Pandemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HSKh4DfDMo&pp=sAQA

437.  God vs Gays Gay Conversion Therapy (Part 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTRdDYvGZ7c&pp=sAQA

438.  God’s Country Tent Preaching and Speaking in Tongues  Balls Deep Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5nfLeIxmdc&pp=sAQA

439.  Going Through a Painful Blood Ritual of the Black Angel Cult.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjtlsltA3RY&pp=sAQA

440.  Going to the Worst Rated Nail Salon  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNWRKXUskkU&pp=sAQA

441.  Going to Therapy with One of Yelp’s Worst-Rated Therapists  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSaGp7RVofY&pp=sAQA

442.  Going Undercover as a Migrant in Brexit Britain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEhC0oM1aAo&pp=sAQA

443.  Got My Nipple Pierced at One of Yelp’s Worst Rated Piercing Shops  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIdDk_VGioI&pp=sAQA

444.  Ground Zero Syria Journey to Golan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_k6lKsHqV4&pp=sAQA

445.  Guns & Corned Beef with Private Eye Derrick Snowdy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMrwShCDrxs&pp=sAQA

446.  Guns Down, Gloves Up Detroit’s Car Wash Fight Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57Ggk8GRljY&pp=sAQA

447.  Guns For God The Church of the AR-15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArfGyo6HQ_E&pp=sAQA

448.  Gutpunch A Teenager's Search for His Real Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osqpfOPgynI&pp=sAQA

449.  Ha11BX1371ween Special (Watch Full Screen).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvoCRWs-qVQ&pp=sAQA

450.  Haitian Money Pit Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gg7VP_lE5Ho&pp=sAQA

451.  Haitian Money Pit VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNM4kEUEcp8&pp=sAQA

452.  Hamilton's Pharmacopeia The Synthetic Marijuana Steampunk Rock Opera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2SOcj-82H0&pp=sAQA

453.  Handing Out Free Weed Lockdown Tapes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkxx9IHAMfw&pp=sAQA

454.  Hannibal Buress on Success and Selling Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EEaN72dV2g&pp=sAQA

455.  Haskell Wexler on Medium Cool - Conversations Inside The Criterion Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7qMNXu2dXQ&pp=sAQA

456.  Headbanging in Hurricanes and Getting Arrested on the 4th of July  WTFLORIDA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqn1tM4xDwk&pp=sAQA

457.  Here's What Happens if You Commit Tax Evasion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ff07PqymHpg&pp=sAQA

458.  Here’s Why Dental Care Costs a Fortune.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQDrcGyyanA&pp=sAQA

459.  Heroin Crisis & The New Age of Nukes (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 14).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cv_vrtSV7I&pp=sAQA

460.  Hi Shredability Greyson Fletcher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIPaS0Nr_dc&pp=sAQA

461.  High Robbery Canada’s Violent Cannabis Dispensary Raids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrtgKjy5MUE&pp=sAQA

462.  HIV Crisis on the Texas-Mexico Border.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDNwIdfyUgo&pp=sAQA

463.  Hollywood's Quicksand Fetish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcvH4T_qzE0&pp=sAQA

464.  Hong Kong Police Livestream Protests on Facebook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0apLLG5Ww4&pp=sAQA

465.  Hong Kong Tattoo Legend VICE INTL (China).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-I6JsL54uc&pp=sAQA

466.  Hooligans, Atlanta Rap, & The Business of War Latest on VICE (December 20, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cg_4KquwdKU&pp=sAQA

467.  Hot Air in the Deep South Bun B Talks Guns, God, and Politics in South Carolina.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2Dh-GKWW5g&pp=sAQA

468.  How 4 Small Businesses Are Coping Amidst a Crisis  Essentials Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQxrUCeNwkk&pp=sAQA

469.  How 90s Trash TV Became Deadly  Dark Side of the 90s.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CpYQh6zv2A&pp=sAQA

470.  How a Father Deals with Loss After the Parkland Shooting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEBtX2SUeic&pp=sAQA

471.  How a Gay Pro Wrestler Became Mexico's 'Liberace of Lucha Libre'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh48T5mhNv4&pp=sAQA

472.  How a Tattoo Can Get You Detained by ICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ACqPfHeB64&pp=sAQA

473.  How a Train Tunnel Became the Center of NYC’s Art Scene  I Was There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXKS_VSwZ9k&pp=sAQA

474.  How America Got Hooked on Opioids  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJc-YI7OWfY&pp=sAQA

475.  How Amsterdam Red Light District Rooms Are Being Cleaned.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dU7nejk-7Co&pp=sAQA

476.  How an 11-Year-Old Car Thief Became a Professional Stunt Driver.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qi9cZwldrZA&pp=sAQA

477.  How Anything Can Be Hacked Phreaked Out (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwQaW9brDVY&pp=sAQA

478.  How Banks Made Money From Slavery  Empires of Dirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUfMkIx7Ypg&pp=sAQA

479.  How Being a War Reporter Got Me Kidnapped…Twice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qToG2FmqCm8&pp=sAQA

480.  How Britain Got China Hooked on Opium I Empires of Dirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbHAWNQRV70&pp=sAQA

481.  How Britain Stole $45 Trillion from India with Trains  Empires of Dirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_jGPf764d0&pp=sAQA

482.  How Do I Attract More Women  Kevin Gates Helpline Episode 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1I98ZMZ8KA&pp=sAQA

483.  How Eric Kelly Became One of the Most Notorious Trainers in New York City.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=748QUhR7zf0&pp=sAQA

484.  How Fcked Up is Facebook  Should You Be Afraid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ev9f7Fa9B3Q&pp=sAQA

485.  How Fyre Festival Almost Ruined My Life, Twice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Keb1BSA44U&pp=sAQA

486.  How Greece Elected Nazis  Decade of Hate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onhIFlqqJi0&pp=sAQA

487.  How I Became An International Cocaine Trafficker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAPi7BF681g&pp=sAQA

488.  How I Ended up on Interpol’s Most Wanted List  Fakes, Frauds & Scammers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYZPrDZHi2o&pp=sAQA

489.  How I Smuggled Weed From Colombia to Miami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySNSboTrzlw&pp=sAQA

490.  How I Stole $2.8M as a Teenager  Fakes, Frauds and Scammers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fgkf7VGtZfY&pp=sAQA

491.  How Italians are Dealing with Mandatory National Quarantine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdoogdEU6lY&pp=sAQA

492.  How Kickstradomis Became the NBA’s Favorite Sneaker Artist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_NdbVNBo44&pp=sAQA

493.  How Mental Illness Derailed the Career of a Promising Young Skateboarder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d09soDoUvaw&pp=sAQA

494.  How Mexican Drug Cartels Make Billions  The War On Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dti7i1z6DNo&pp=sAQA

495.  How Michael Jordan Changed Sneaker Culture Forever  One Man and His Shoes  VICE VERSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5A0HvbyCOGk&pp=sAQA

496.  How Much Would It Cost to Say Yes to Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfE9ZYgc588&pp=sAQA

497.  How Mullets Saved a Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Tr3jCCHlwE&pp=sAQA

498.  How My First Date Went Viral Quarantine & Chill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHSpVx5REyE&pp=sAQA

499.  How My Video Got 6 Cops Indicted  I Was There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6WAY5OQX7k&pp=sAQA

500.  How Narcissists Took Over the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGO2U1thFAk&pp=sAQA

501.  How Paranoid Schizophrenia Impacts My Life - A Day in the Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Fpa1X6zT6k&pp=sAQA

502.  How Police Departments Use Civil Forfeiture to Collect Billions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EP88_mNK3-U&pp=sAQA

503.  How Puerto Rico is Finally Recovering from Hurricane Maria - Home Again Puerto Rico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Fn3LNgeuyE&pp=sAQA

504.  How Sailor Moon Transformed Queer 90s Kids' Lives  American Obsessions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yM3SWeQz4v4&pp=sAQA

505.  How Super-Strength Weed Dominated the UK  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-lEAvgtU5A&pp=sAQA

506.  How Tas Pappas Landed the 900 - All This Mayhem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHlU1N3-Roc&pp=sAQA

507.  How the British Empire Exported Homophobia  Empires of Dirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DQYu4iBNiQ&pp=sAQA

508.  How the KKK Preys on American Veterans VICE Reports (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXIYQxMN9-4&pp=sAQA

509.  How the KKK Preys on American Veterans VICE Reports (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6e2Qz_07qw8&pp=sAQA

510.  How the KKK Preys on American Veterans VICE Reports (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zp7d-tNFEl0&pp=sAQA

511.  How the Pandemic is Making Pakistan’s Tech Industry More Equitable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4BOdBJFkgA&pp=sAQA

512.  How the Philippines Silences Activists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4Rqhca1ZpU&pp=sAQA

513.  How the Yakuza Made Tattoo Culture Illegal in Japan  Under the Ink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9F1BmiTS1I&pp=sAQA

514.  How Thomas Morton Found Zen Among New York's Finest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNFzKQBL3rM&pp=sAQA

515.  How Thomas Morton Prepared to Face Death.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCF529kw6QA&pp=sAQA

516.  How Tiga Ignited Montreal's Dance Music Movement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjTBNMlJamE&pp=sAQA

517.  How TikTok Is Revolutionizing Safe Sex Ed  Finishing School Episode 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqgvRMkJJi0&pp=sAQA

518.  How to Be A Somali Pirate From the Cast of 'Fishing Without Nets'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhdzX2hKahc&pp=sAQA

519.  How to Become TripAdvisor’s #1 Fake Restaurant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqPARIKHbN8&pp=sAQA

520.  How To Buy a Gun In Canada Armed and Reasonable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9El7gEvJWU&pp=sAQA

521.  How to Clean Dirty Money  Business of Crime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxJ7wGpPuM4&pp=sAQA

522.  How To Crash Paris Fashion Week.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jolbYvAMorY&pp=sAQA

523.  How to End the HIV Epidemic - The Truvada Revolution (Part 33).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96d-qDlzOP8&pp=sAQA

524.  How to Film Cops the Right Way  Activist Playbook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzAioL3Ji6Q&pp=sAQA

525.  How to Get a Weird High While Camping.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-g3nBDJ3eNk&pp=sAQA

526.  How to Get High AF in Alaska.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osT1ztbzFtU&pp=sAQA

527.  How to Grow the Same High Every Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykYc8_BQxCw&pp=sAQA

528.  How to Hire a Hitman  The Business of Crime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sinsp0uLsS8&pp=sAQA

529.  How to Hotbox A Tent With An Air Mattress Pump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5JFsc6raVc&pp=sAQA

530.  How to Hotbox an Outhouse With A Shop-Vac  Smokeables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIgqTxzHYtA&pp=sAQA

531.  How to Make a $10k Pair of Shoes from Scratch The Shoe Surgeon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5m_YFSec17g&pp=sAQA

532.  How to Make a Bong Out of a Potato Chip Can.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36W8rlFZLPo&pp=sAQA

533.  How to Make a Bong Out of Ice in a Winter Blizzard  Smokeables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUwKI0Tai6U&pp=sAQA

534.  How to Make a Gravity Bong SMOKEABLES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKl8na4oZbM&pp=sAQA

535.  How to Make a Homemade Gun (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4kk2sxiMWU&pp=sAQA

536.  How to Make Fire Cracker Edibles at Home  Smokeables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-5a12uIE6E&pp=sAQA

537.  How To Make Lemon Kush Ice Pops That Get You High.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQYc6uzjt9E&pp=sAQA

538.  How To Make Your Own Soap with Baking Soda and Oil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKyauws6QZA&pp=sAQA

539.  How to Roll a 14 Ounce Gingerbread Man Joint.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYK4txwVgJ0&pp=sAQA

540.  How to Roll a Cross Joint SMOKEABLES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeLdfrxFozc&pp=sAQA

541.  How to Smoke Weed Out of King Crab Leg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I222szrHC6M&pp=sAQA

542.  How to Stay Fit without Leaving Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skPk2o3CCRY&pp=sAQA

543.  How to Talk about Pornography in Conservative India  Sex Rated.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBHf6fjlfko&pp=sAQA

544.  How to Talk to the Dead, According to Psychics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuKJRbzns_I&pp=sAQA

545.  How to Treat a Bartender, According to Bartenders.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=louZDkWzkY8&pp=sAQA

546.  How to Treat a Person with Disabilities, According to People with Disabilities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6c6JLbczC8&pp=sAQA

547.  How to Treat Bottle Servers at a Club, According to Bottle Servers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8xtQ6U36NU&pp=sAQA

548.  How to Treat Bouncers, According to Bouncers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKo8qwtUwCc&pp=sAQA

549.  How to Treat Casino Dealers, According to Casino Dealers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VlvE7U8-lQ&pp=sAQA

550.  How to Treat Escorts, According to an Escort.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmWakuAe6sc&pp=sAQA

551.  How to Treat Flight Attendants, According to Flight Attendants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSQ78UqyXVk&pp=sAQA

552.  How to Treat IT Technicians, According to IT Technicians.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0ebVKuX5EE&pp=sAQA

553.  How to Treat Strippers, According to Strippers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQVOGjbE4aQ&pp=sAQA

554.  How to Treat Sugar Babies, According to Sugar Babies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTNxOfyvoSc&pp=sAQA

555.  How to Treat Weed Dealers, According to a Weed Dealer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiu7oRer47g&pp=sAQA

556.  How To Wipe Your Butt During Quarantine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gs_-N3fb4zE&pp=sAQA

557.  How We Staged a UFO Hoax  Fakes, Frauds and Scammers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cW8RsWNnKg&pp=sAQA

558.  How Weed Laws Are Failing the UK  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdkrZF8pQu4&pp=sAQA

559.  How Wilson Tang Uncovered the Culinary Treasures of Chinatown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ajy4bu77Jpw&pp=sAQA

560.  Hunting for Drugs in the Australian Bush.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lb3FvmyR0ag&pp=sAQA

561.  Hunting for Hallucinogenic Honey in 360°.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqmxzAazddw&pp=sAQA

562.  Hunting for the Murder Hornet on the US-Canada Border  Should You Be Afraid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcboejDoDz8&pp=sAQA

563.  Hunting Natural Highs in the Mountains of Japan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Cl3MCzB_WM&pp=sAQA

564.  Hunting the One Percent’s Doomsday Bunkers in New Zealand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dh1JZVjKUAo&pp=sAQA

565.  Hyperrealism, Mumblecore, & Togetherness - VICE Meets the Duplass Brothers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK45Mwi055w&pp=sAQA

566.  I Accidentally Discovered My Long Lost Twin on TikTok  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuCCjufbYPE&pp=sAQA

567.  I Adopted a Baby Werewolf for a Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcrvxH8erG8&pp=sAQA

568.  I Became a Member of the Blue Man Group for a Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaJYo_LyWYE&pp=sAQA

569.  I Broke Dumb Laws In Front Of Police.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDBzi0n9Fxg&pp=sAQA

570.  I Broke Into an Arms Factory to Destroy Fighter Jets  Investigators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DelofzqFFm8&pp=sAQA

571.  I Broke the World’s 15 Weirdest Superstitions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nI5rvZLVmG8&pp=sAQA

572.  I Escaped North Korea Twice  Informer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnoc58PQ6zQ&pp=sAQA

573.  I Exposed a Russian Assassination Squad  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_B5WoERhoT8&pp=sAQA

574.  I Fell In Love With A Sex Doll  Better Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6FRBXcjPVY&pp=sAQA

575.  I Filed For Bankruptcy After Lularoe And Now Work 2 Jobs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_eikkwz8nc&pp=sAQA

576.  I Found 400+ Posts Calling Me a Pedophile  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfEqfLL7E6M&pp=sAQA

577.  I Got a Haircut from One of Yelp’s Worst-Rated Barber Shops  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqZBC60vuhM&pp=sAQA

578.  I Got a Tattoo from One of Yelp's Worst-Rated Tattoo Parlors  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2M5uXu6l2c&pp=sAQA

579.  I Got Addicted to Heroin in Front of 1.5 Million YouTube Subscribers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FyHhC3Y8Fc&pp=sAQA

580.  I Got Arrested for ‘Hacking Trump’s Tax Returns’  Fakes, Frauds & Scammers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPHe3pUleus&pp=sAQA

581.  I Got Beat Up by One of Yelp’s Worst-Rated MMA Trainers  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLG1O6MCSKQ&pp=sAQA

582.  I Got High Off Edibles with Waka Flocka in Amsterdam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fL5SQ7enfxI&pp=sAQA

583.  I Got My Shins Kicked In By A Champion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sh7MUr12cyA&pp=sAQA

584.  I Got Yelp's Worst-Rated Colonic  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBAfN0gT87U&pp=sAQA

585.  I Had 30 Days to Become an Instagram Influencer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqV8dwAf5ug&pp=sAQA

586.  I Had HIV for 19 Years and Didn't Know.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VwQfMYc5VY&pp=sAQA

587.  I Impersonated the World's Most Successful Megachurch Pastor Joel Osteen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5ob80UpBJI&pp=sAQA

588.  I Lived Off Alex Jones’ InfoWars Supplements for 5 Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tthSwMc0zhg&pp=sAQA

589.  I Made and Lost $1M Trading Crypto I Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIpXJZ7m32I&pp=sAQA

590.  I Made The Most Hated Music Video Ever FRIDAY Rebecca Black.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nd6921coDhs&pp=sAQA

591.  I Make Dildos for a Living.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdVwCdqgDJE&pp=sAQA

592.  I Ordered Amazon’s Worst-Rated Hair Wax Strips  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siCQo0O4cr8&pp=sAQA

593.  I Rented Friends to Be More Popular on Instagram.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-kDTltls3M&pp=sAQA

594.  I Sent Fakes of Myself to Be on TV Around the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMZ7BsoUAG8&pp=sAQA

595.  I Smuggled Cocaine Into the US to Pay Off My Student Loans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1-_CV-6C4Y&pp=sAQA

596.  I Stole $2 Million of Jewelry as a Fake Prince  Fakes, Frauds and Scammers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubnRh3NRJ0w&pp=sAQA

597.  I Survived on $0 for an Entire Week in NYC.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9szHuszCVbQ&pp=sAQA

598.  I Tried Alternative Therapies to Treat My Anxiety.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5xWa4iwGyE&pp=sAQA

599.  I Tried Getting Swole During Quarantine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjtWxsFoMC0&pp=sAQA

600.  I Tried to Break 3 Guinness World Records in 1 Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YodCK0dptRg&pp=sAQA

601.  I Tried to Make It as an Actor in 24 Hours.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mb3CtzayE8&pp=sAQA

602.  I Was a Neo-Nazi Skinhead and Joined the Ku Klux Klan How I Left  Erasing the Hate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnNeH1aVHCM&pp=sAQA

603.  I Was a Teenage Drug Lord Making Millions in NYC.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWRhyTNjIyk&pp=sAQA

604.  I Was Sexually Abused as a Male Model  Informer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UL_R0XxYvCU&pp=sAQA

605.  I Went Sex Toy Shopping in India  Sex Rated.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlB1gZEGK7Q&pp=sAQA

606.  I Worked on Set for a Fetish Porn Video  24 Hour Intern.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXwXuVtPiks&pp=sAQA

607.  I've Eaten Only Mac & Cheese for the Past 17 Years, Here's Why.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1TWvXwgKr0&pp=sAQA

608.  Ibiza Spring Breakers Of Europe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKgDzpc3lZ8&pp=sAQA

609.  Iggy Pop and Jim Jarmusch On Their New Documentary 'Gimme Danger'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USt8BEghc3Y&pp=sAQA

610.  Illegal Raves in Europe's Only War Zone BIG NIGHT OUT Ukraine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmRNRjEkWUk&pp=sAQA

611.  In Search of Mexico's Top Skate Spots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6B-oKd2eXjo&pp=sAQA

612.  In Singapore, Street Art is Punishable by 8 Lashes with a Cane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzcfFkcVcBE&pp=sAQA

613.  In The Ring with Mexico's Ultra-Violent Wrestlers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chZViPaShHY&pp=sAQA

614.  India's Custodial Killings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MV1WE8-NeuI&pp=sAQA

615.  India's Water Crisis Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcLFXixHyW0&pp=sAQA

616.  Indian Truck Drivers Stay Awake for Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohdXGO9w9i0&pp=sAQA

617.  Indonesia's Palm Bomb Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6pDW3HWYs4&pp=sAQA

618.  Inherent Vice - 'Shasta Fay' [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fURVDOgwL60&pp=sAQA

619.  Innocence Ignored Stories of the Wrongfully Convicted (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5qjdVCcAL0&pp=sAQA

620.  Inside a Conscious Ketamine Ceremony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k11WSAF9iu0&pp=sAQA

621.  Inside a Deradicalization Center for Boko Haram Victims.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_A2bsxV4Lkw&pp=sAQA

622.  Inside a Gang Initiation with the Silent Murder Crips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0iSh9A7rLI&pp=sAQA

623.  Inside a Home DMT Lab Run by A Chemistry Teacher  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXOPcMMHCJA&pp=sAQA

624.  Inside a Mass Circumcision Ceremony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltTRTsMYn24&pp=sAQA

625.  Inside a Secret Weed Farm Hidden in Plain Sight  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkTpC0HJj6A&pp=sAQA

626.  Inside America's Billion Dollar Divorce Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUMAyLIx5I0&pp=sAQA

627.  Inside America's For-Profit Bail System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGomdoO368g&pp=sAQA

628.  Inside America's Hepatitis Epidemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mFZxnr7YQE&pp=sAQA

629.  Inside America's Largest Right Wing Militia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7rJstUseKg&pp=sAQA

630.  Inside America's Most Violent Wrestling Deathmatch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps0NJ2Sq8D4&pp=sAQA

631.  Inside Brooklyn’s Illegal Firework Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7fiZv8Dkjs&pp=sAQA

632.  Inside Canada's New Corporate Weed System Canadian Cannabis (Episode 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G427-nlZDxM&pp=sAQA

633.  Inside China's Thriving Drag Queen Culture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xl3XdoKiGEA&pp=sAQA

634.  Inside Club Quarantine The Future Of Nightlife.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-t-McubS0c&pp=sAQA

635.  Inside Colombia's Beauty Pageant for Indigenous Trans Women.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAr8GvxxBKM&pp=sAQA

636.  Inside Colombia's Temple of Lucifer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kaJVbTM2qE&pp=sAQA

637.  Inside Danica Roem's Historic Victory.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyrefjMs64k&pp=sAQA

638.  Inside Florida's Billion Dollar Rehab Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPL3I4pQyu8&pp=sAQA

639.  Inside Germany's Most Harmful Energy Source Brown Coal Blues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCrVYd3aKcA&pp=sAQA

640.  Inside Johnny Dang’s Legendary Diamond Factory  House of Dang Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac43pFgzI8U&pp=sAQA

641.  Inside Korea's Gaming Rehab Clinic eSPORTS (Part 25).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8qW4rJZ_wY&pp=sAQA

642.  Inside LA’s Craziest Pansexual Nightclub  Scene Reports.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VlUVHaJXV0&pp=sAQA

643.  Inside London's Hedonistic, Polyamorous Unicorn Movement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nm6JnhPbHCQ&pp=sAQA

644.  Inside London’s Illegal Lockdown Raves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4ldQOkMhrY&pp=sAQA

645.  Inside Marc Rebillet's Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWWQmLB0pjw&pp=sAQA

646.  Inside Miami's Biggest MAGA Convention AMP Fest 2020  States of Unrest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgFLQDbzoZQ&pp=sAQA

647.  Inside Miami's Luxury Boat Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAaW9xp4j1Q&pp=sAQA

648.  Inside NYC’s LGBTQ Scene  Balls Deep Season 2 Episode 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uIasJAu-NI&pp=sAQA

649.  Inside Oklahoma's #1 Mugshot Tabloid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNEbHbsJ8Pw&pp=sAQA

650.  Inside One of the Most Radioactive Places on Earth Russian Road Trip (Part 33).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrn_ekMx6cw&pp=sAQA

651.  Inside Paris' Illegal Squats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjskPRXeZjg&pp=sAQA

652.  Inside Spain’s Fascism Fandom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqKSXPiGe7U&pp=sAQA

653.  Inside Storm Area 51 How a Viral Meme Almost Destroyed a Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tf5C9iroKAE&pp=sAQA

654.  Inside Sweden’s High School for Skateboarders  Post Radical Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0xhAiDwpxk&pp=sAQA

655.  Inside Taiwan’s Most Notorious Mafia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0GMS2U66Mc&pp=sAQA

656.  Inside the Adult Baby Fetish Furniture Business  Side Hustles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVk0lzh-jYI&pp=sAQA

657.  Inside the Black Market Organ Trade Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eny6D-7f_rc&pp=sAQA

658.  Inside the College for Budding Weed Entrepreneurs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LwhGBiDhLQ&pp=sAQA

659.  Inside the Controversial Shincheonji Church.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTXwixtv3rk&pp=sAQA

660.  Inside the Controversial World of Medically Assisted Sex  Slutever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVfIr_uM5zk&pp=sAQA

661.  Inside the Deadly Riots that Shaped Hong Kong  I Was There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWWC3UiCqV0&pp=sAQA

662.  Inside the Deadly Waco Siege Negotiations  I Was There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11jt_NdN2Yk&pp=sAQA

663.  Inside the Deadly World of Counterfeit Vape Cartridges  Should You Be Afraid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxEAgqkpn1k&pp=sAQA

664.  Inside the FBI Hunt for “Black Identity Extremists”.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1jvAsoa7HA&pp=sAQA

665.  Inside The Growing Men’s Rights Movement in India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKSqmwDzFxA&pp=sAQA

666.  Inside the Illegal Drag Races of Nashville.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvY5v4k44dQ&pp=sAQA

667.  Inside The Lab Fighting To Save Lives From Snake Venom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vhzYPOnfkY&pp=sAQA

668.  Inside The Laughing Gas Black Market  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdhdAktIHtg&pp=sAQA

669.  Inside the Life-or-Death World of Competitive Bull Riding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoABbB7KhUM&pp=sAQA

670.  Inside the Making of 'Blade Runner 2049'  Created with Blade Runner 2049.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0kobbjpdUg&pp=sAQA

671.  Inside the Making of “The Girl in the Spider’s Web”  Created with Columbia Pictures & MGM Pictures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J4iHoSSQkc&pp=sAQA

672.  Inside the Michigan Militia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU9THDZ2S5k&pp=sAQA

673.  Inside the Mind of Flula Borg, German Actor, Comedian, and Surprisingly Good DJ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVaECyeAezI&pp=sAQA

674.  Inside the Nepalese Human Trafficking Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zt4YbW6xdLU&pp=sAQA

675.  Inside the Palestinian Skate Scene  Post Radical Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SB9xlNx_pGo&pp=sAQA

676.  Inside the Secret $4 Million Sneaker Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5PIe4pcp2k&pp=sAQA

677.  Inside the Strange, Psychic World of Indigo Children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SL5Rd3Bnxms&pp=sAQA

678.  Inside the The Drug Flats of Barcelona.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6IQYHEbdjc&pp=sAQA

679.  Inside the Two-Decade Fight to Bring Down a Confederate Monument.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MguoE9sZ0ak&pp=sAQA

680.  Inside the Unofficial Newsletter of Urban Crime Culture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3kssmNUh0g&pp=sAQA

681.  Inside the Viral Internet Classic Ze End of The World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9l5CM4PqOY&pp=sAQA

682.  Inside the World of Australian Bong Making.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q88cMa-Lw84&pp=sAQA

683.  Inside the World of Fighting Games  RESET.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RM2_tslZixk&pp=sAQA

684.  Inside Tokyo's Long Love Affair with 'Dance Dance Revolution'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jywza4So-eU&pp=sAQA

685.  Inside Tokyo’s Dildo Bar  Slutever Shorties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dArS2mji2h4&pp=sAQA

686.  Inside Veteran TV's Dark and Controversial Humor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTrNxi3Uclw&pp=sAQA

687.  Interrogating Enemy Fighters  Diary of a Combat Medic Fighting ISIS (Part 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xO5dsGEL_E&pp=sAQA

688.  Interview with Rashida Jones on Her Porn Documentary 'Hot Girls Wanted'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLYszpvyED4&pp=sAQA

689.  Iran's Fashion Renaissance VICE Reports.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEp8HzG8K5A&pp=sAQA

690.  Iranian American Student Speaks on Worries About War with Iran Under Trump's Presidency.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJfp85ohNkE&pp=sAQA

691.  Is Gen-Z Prepared to Survive the Apocalypse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsSUTSgqL3o&pp=sAQA

692.  Is It Possible to Build a Smarter Gun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mkfXg6ppts&pp=sAQA

693.  Is the College Experience Worth It  Balls Deep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFaqwpOiq0I&pp=sAQA

694.  Is the Netherlands Turning Into a Narco-State  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ig5uP2R_9bg&pp=sAQA

695.  Is This Art Photography Any Good - Take it or Leave it with Bruce Gilden.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=540JpC9IbEU&pp=sAQA

696.  Is This the Future of Concerts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gz36tqn1fw&pp=sAQA

697.  Is Your Webcam Watching You  Should You Be Afraid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHW1p6QNTtI&pp=sAQA

698.  Isobel Yeung's Debrief From Beating Blindness (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fteYwv1xqp0&pp=sAQA

699.  Isobel Yeung's Debrief on the Ongoing Fight for Women's Rights in Afghanistan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKxB8-jsABI&pp=sAQA

700.  Isobel Yeung's Debrief on Touring a Global Feedlot in Brazil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdBlRFXH73Q&pp=sAQA

701.  Ivy League Students Dropped Out of College to Launch a Rocket.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HoPlMkh8gQ0&pp=sAQA

702.  I’m Stranded Abroad During a Pandemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_X0-ndvdJQ&pp=sAQA

703.  I’m the Leader of the Biggest Cult on TikTok  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUeSEFvINh8&pp=sAQA

704.  I’m the Victim of a Far Right Conspiracy Theory  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cARtkJQj34E&pp=sAQA

705.  I’ve Pretended to Be 500 Children  Fakes, Frauds & Scammers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEU2R3F4Syw&pp=sAQA

706.  J'ouvert Brooklyn's Dirty Masquerade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bM7WCYzaclM&pp=sAQA

707.  Jack Black as 'Dronez' Founder in IFC's 'Documentary Now!'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91Dy-Ud8bHY&pp=sAQA

708.  Jackie Cruz of 'Orange Is the New Black' on Tragedy, Adversity, and Inspiration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srtLGgawxKA&pp=sAQA

709.  Jane Fonda on Climate Change, Activism, & Campaigning for a Cause.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zZWqz_fQ1Y&pp=sAQA

710.  Japan's Custom Lamborghini Legend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyouLW76qOc&pp=sAQA

711.  Japan's Naked Island Hermit VICE INTL (Japan).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBtBePnUOZU&pp=sAQA

712.  Japan's Robot Hotel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEC6q7l_zdQ&pp=sAQA

713.  Japan's Strangest Cult  False Gods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIS-RE3gO64&pp=sAQA

714.  Japan’s Female-Focused Porn Industry  Slutever Shorties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo9zInqvQkk&pp=sAQA

715.  Jeff Feuerzeig Unravels the Literary Saga of JT LeRoy VICE Talks Film.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gdhrL2ta88&pp=sAQA

716.  Jennifer Lawrence Talks About Her New Film, 'mother!'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mN1faUs6Rw&pp=sAQA

717.  Jim & Andy The Great Beyond (2017) - Official Trailer [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WV5b_eLxnSE&pp=sAQA

718.  Jim Norton on his Comedy Career and 'The Jim Norton Show' VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFfZdvzkE54&pp=sAQA

719.  Joby Ogwyn Wants to Be the First Person to Jump Off the Side of Mount Everest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBqu2p5n-o8&pp=sAQA

720.  Johnny Dang Ices Out Everyone at ASTROWORLD  House of Dang Episode 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDexCFFeqa0&pp=sAQA

721.  Johnny Huynh Combines Classic Vietnamese Flavors with His Brooklyn Roots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oLv3Rz0C-8&pp=sAQA

722.  Joining a Florida Retirement Community at 33  Balls Deep Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63qdAAxHSwU&pp=sAQA

723.  Joining a Hippie Commune to Forgive Myself  Better Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t035xfmGVkQ&pp=sAQA

724.  Joining a Nudist Community to Become a Better Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvCd-YArC_w&pp=sAQA

725.  Joshua Oppenheimer On Redefining History Through Film VICE Autobiographies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q62hj0s2Z7U&pp=sAQA

726.  Journalist Graeme Wood on the Islamic State VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQ4VhSMHzkk&pp=sAQA

727.  Juggalos, Russian Troops, & An Islamic 'Feminist' Cult Best of 2015 From The VICE Network.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FObooURIU-8&pp=sAQA

728.  Juiced Up - The Consequences of Anabolic Steroids Swole.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cb2LSytsFIs&pp=sAQA

729.  Kaj Larsen's Boko Haram Debrief (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cObdcpnAk7M&pp=sAQA

730.  Kamala Harris' Prosecutors Sent This Innocent Man to Prison.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bgjm6xPJeaA&pp=sAQA

731.  Kathryn Bigelow and Scott Z. Burns Talk About Their New Film 'Last Days' - VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3z0JBhO__NQ&pp=sAQA

732.  Keeping Women's Bodybuilding Division Alive Swole.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFyGrxBQQJw&pp=sAQA

733.  Ketamine Explained, The Next Big Antidepressant  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfmPu8l24wY&pp=sAQA

734.  Kevin Bacon on Acting, 'Tremors,' & Playing a Crooked Lawman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXRZwKclddg&pp=sAQA

735.  Kevin Gates Discusses Your Difficult Entanglements  Kevin Gates Helpline Episode 8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJcxTOjAfJs&pp=sAQA

736.  Kevin Gates Helps Win Back Your Ex  Kevin Gates Helpline Episode 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTyrLLU43O8&pp=sAQA

737.  Kevin Gates Offers Advice for Open, Long Distance Relationships  Kevin Gates Helpline Episode 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OgSSIGVZeM&pp=sAQA

738.  Kidneyville VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 10).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrBm9JAPL1Q&pp=sAQA

739.  Kids Telling Dirty Jokes Billy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP748hdr9MI&pp=sAQA

740.  Kids Telling Dirty Jokes Caden.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88sGna9ergY&pp=sAQA

741.  Kids Telling Dirty Jokes David.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUMxZ953bxo&pp=sAQA

742.  Kids Telling Dirty Jokes Izzabella.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQKtz4d-QiM&pp=sAQA

743.  Kids Telling Dirty Jokes Jon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOhCzjJ8Kqc&pp=sAQA

744.  Kids Telling Dirty Jokes Kobi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aKlXhOKM44&pp=sAQA

745.  Kids Telling Dirty Jokes Logan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBiKHIk4Jv0&pp=sAQA

746.  Kids Telling Dirty Jokes Nicole.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-A1L-98yqms&pp=sAQA

747.  Kids Telling Dirty Jokes Ruby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQZGPnn5b5E&pp=sAQA

748.  Kids Telling Dirty Jokes Season 2 (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VliRjoNi-9U&pp=sAQA

749.  Kids with Guns UK's Army Cadet Force (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYTsYq37Dtk&pp=sAQA

750.  KidSuper The Dark Horse of Style  Common Threads.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYI1AlVOON8&pp=sAQA

751.  Killing Tires on Bay Area Streets  High Octane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PL--5PJsTKU&pp=sAQA

752.  Korean Poo Wine VICE INTL (Japan).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74V4BOF5IAg&pp=sAQA

753.  Lame Duck Armageddon  WHILE THE REST OF US DIE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYacGpVPWTQ&pp=sAQA

754.  LARPing Saved My Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXNGFb2p90k&pp=sAQA

755.  Latest on VICE An Islamic Feminist Cult, Laser Bacon, & Rikers Island with Carmelo Anthony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jenmB3hcAg0&pp=sAQA

756.  Latest on VICE Angel Haze on being Homeless, Fetty Wap, & the Bosozoku.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8vnvnhK2AE&pp=sAQA

757.  Latest on VICE August 16, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nToYnNpw5sM&pp=sAQA

758.  Latest on VICE August 2, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDJmePurQYY&pp=sAQA

759.  Latest on VICE August 23, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJTDPoaK_-4&pp=sAQA

760.  Latest on VICE August 30th, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXpWxcDSTIc&pp=sAQA

761.  Latest on VICE August 9, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDjgzcGse8E&pp=sAQA

762.  Latest on VICE China's Leftover Women, Black Dance Matters, and Military Conflict in Carnot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgLEHMItPXQ&pp=sAQA

763.  Latest on VICE from Saudi Arabia (February 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxSPP6WQsTY&pp=sAQA

764.  Latest on VICE July 26, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VW6AhEE-vEE&pp=sAQA

765.  Latest on VICE Robot Hotels, Keith Richards, and #FreeRasool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0O5Dk1G_aAE&pp=sAQA

766.  Latest on VICE September 13, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXpMWp-7nzg&pp=sAQA

767.  Latest on VICE September 22, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29286_TRsBQ&pp=sAQA

768.  Latest on VICE September 27, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCJTNHDJOIQ&pp=sAQA

769.  Latest on VICE September 6, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYG1qccSUAw&pp=sAQA

770.  Latest on VICE Syrian Refugees, The Real X-Files, Riley Hawk, and Kid Yamaka.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-acCutpJgSc&pp=sAQA

771.  Latest on VICE The Cleveland Strangler, Russia's Occupation in Georgia, & Oliver Sacks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-0lwYuDAxk&pp=sAQA

772.  Latest on VICE Ukraine, Broadly, British Style, the Iceman & the Holy Land.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1YTMxjxyGY&pp=sAQA

773.  Latino Conservatives Debate Liberals on the Wall, Amnesty, and Political Polarization (Part 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyymEC8FQHU&pp=sAQA

774.  Learning to Live with the Voices in Your Head.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncmmvWkeUqo&pp=sAQA

775.  Learning to Ranch & Castrate Sheep with My Teeth  Balls Deep Season 2 Episode 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjIgqkDJxFE&pp=sAQA

776.  Leaving for Home Before Lockdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8epjMRG8S5o&pp=sAQA

777.  Left Hook Anti-Fascist Self Defense.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QTJwuddn4o&pp=sAQA

778.  Legal Weed Might Disappear Thanks to Joe Biden  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qf2reC9EWUc&pp=sAQA

779.  Leonard in Slow Motion VICE Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfNIb8HrwOY&pp=sAQA

780.  LGBTQ+ Community Debates Identity Politics and the 2020 Election (Part 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=safLwed9SSo&pp=sAQA

781.  LGBTQ+ Community Debates the Meaning of Queer, Military Bans, & More (Part 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utW1ItcMeJw&pp=sAQA

782.  Liberal Latinos Debate Conservative Latinos on Immigration, Trump, and Racial Identity (Part 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9I6b1JEb2k&pp=sAQA

783.  Life After Steel in the UK's Most Polluted Town Rule Britannia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csGm7dkbkLM&pp=sAQA

784.  Life as a Living Latex Female Doll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2xM2ax5y10&pp=sAQA

785.  Life as a Student During the Worst Term Ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yM52_QPZ2WM&pp=sAQA

786.  Life as an “Untouchable” in India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUVPuCuEF-E&pp=sAQA

787.  Life in a Post-Antibiotic World VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLrGS4zKYpg&pp=sAQA

788.  Life in Lockdown Brits Speak Out, From a Safe Distance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Di8iHgdc8g&pp=sAQA

789.  Life In The Closet In Japan (GAYCATION - Japan Clip).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkkLQGUfuW8&pp=sAQA

790.  Life Inside a Secret Chinese Bitcoin Mine (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCV-Eg_04F8&pp=sAQA

791.  Lily Allen on Politics, Trolls, and Her New Record.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prm6SrX97SQ&pp=sAQA

792.  Lines in the Sand  Outsourcing Embryos (VICE on HBO Season 3, Episode 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GED9rYPkAlQ&pp=sAQA

793.  Lines in the Sand Episode 4 Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6I0Z1ztv5E&pp=sAQA

794.  Lines in the Sand VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIRn0qa3Lv4&pp=sAQA

795.  Living Amid Graves & Bones The Philippines' Cemetery Slums.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=166eY5_hn1I&pp=sAQA

796.  Living the Life of a Tugboat Captain While Keeping All Your Fingers  Balls Deep Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAs12uIUALY&pp=sAQA

797.  Living Through Australia’s Black Summer Fire Country.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkTN08LmNK4&pp=sAQA

798.  Living Through Gay Conversion Therapy (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wD4sWQG2DnQ&pp=sAQA

799.  Living with Depression and Assisted Suicide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0c1hQ-6ppnY&pp=sAQA

800.  London’s Knife Crime Emergency ON A KNIFE EDGE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_pNlDhpbew&pp=sAQA

801.  Loosening China’s Grip on Hong Kong The Yellow Economic Circle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cZJHTH8HrM&pp=sAQA

802.  Losing Millions on the Homie Vending Machine Empire Profiles by VICE (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsJkzu__9fI&pp=sAQA

803.  Losing Millions on the Homie Vending Machine Empire Profiles by VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORE2kqA1HD8&pp=sAQA

804.  Louisville Erupts in Protest Over the Killing of Breonna Taylor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPUF1o2uOnI&pp=sAQA

805.  Loyalty is Worth More Than Diamonds  House of Dang Final Episode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-de3v0DTwc&pp=sAQA

806.  Lucha Libre Wrestling in the Bronx.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpNzER4qvqI&pp=sAQA

807.  Machetes, Drills, and Spaghetti Norwegian Art of Destruction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4D5BHv4XrI&pp=sAQA

808.  Magic The Gathering - Inside the World's Most Played Trading Card Game  American Obsessions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Plr81gaUIr0&pp=sAQA

809.  Make the World Greta Again (Full Documentary) - Time's 2019 Person of the Year.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCVQdr9QFwY&pp=sAQA

810.  Make Your Own Toilet Paper with Taji & Frisch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VSYTyjZW60&pp=sAQA

811.  Making $20KMonth Selling Street Cocktails in NYC  Side Hustles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27OvyWmOr98&pp=sAQA

812.  Making $600 Reborn Babies for Grieving Mothers  Side Hustles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtnbd12bfWE&pp=sAQA

813.  Making $90KYr From a Renovated Prison Bus  Side Hustles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRndebH3ZcA&pp=sAQA

814.  Making 1 Million Euros in a Week Amsterdam Gold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XME6yfxuZUg&pp=sAQA

815.  Making a DIY Birdhouse  Quarantine Crafts with Taji & Frisch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtyvPuX9fb8&pp=sAQA

816.  Making Anime Kink & BDSM Content to Pay for School  Side Hustles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_PIB9cEAgE&pp=sAQA

817.  Making Fake Jizz for a Porn Video  24 Hour Intern.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WccjnvzPa3M&pp=sAQA

818.  Making Music for Dogs, by Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-z4k419BKRo&pp=sAQA

819.  Making Sense of the End of the World with my Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z33VctxsjQw&pp=sAQA

820.  Making The World's First Male Sex Doll  Slutever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKFHZuCvvS4&pp=sAQA

821.  Mammoth Cloning, Boko Haram, & Life After Sumo Latest on VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmcNzNtXuKQ&pp=sAQA

822.  Marc Jacobs - VICE Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSpf1RESRcg&pp=sAQA

823.  Marina Abramovic Still Doesn't Give a Fuck VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80QTY91WpQk&pp=sAQA

824.  Martin Scorsese on the Films of Roberto Rossellini - Conversations Inside The Criterion Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFEt_EqqUqA&pp=sAQA

825.  Martin Shkreli on Drug Price Hikes and Playing the World’s Villain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PCb9mnrU1g&pp=sAQA

826.  Matthew Lesko - The Guy in the Question Mark Suit Profiles by VICE (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DW8LrppQ7M&pp=sAQA

827.  Matty Matheson on Stephen Harper's Trail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnPIA-PnF1g&pp=sAQA

828.  Meathooked & End of Water (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkPBam3qO34&pp=sAQA

829.  Medieval Warfare at 'Battle of the Nations' - VICE INTL (France).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbG_ktYFNPE&pp=sAQA

830.  Meet 'Mother God' The Leader of Love Has Won  False Gods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRxD3eH19hE&pp=sAQA

831.  Meet A Professional Poo Diver.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISuQngDolAc&pp=sAQA

832.  Meet a Toenail Fungus Expert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhzaHgrWGCI&pp=sAQA

833.  Meet Casanova, Hollywood's Premier Party Robot California Soul (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbSp0Htnw-8&pp=sAQA

834.  Meet Casanova, Hollywood's Premier Party Robot California Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-0PA-4Cryw&pp=sAQA

835.  Meet KSI - Gaming's Celebrity Anti-hero eSPORTS (Part 35).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8qyLIN_XGQ&pp=sAQA

836.  Meet One of Australia’s Most Notorious Underworld Enforcers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3XdA7EGZ5Y&pp=sAQA

837.  Meet One of Britain's Most Notorious Reformed Criminals Walking Heavy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvgJo7RHBCo&pp=sAQA

838.  Meet the 'Black Diggers' The Russians Robbing WW2 Graves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wglJxY6i77E&pp=sAQA

839.  Meet the @Jesus Christ of YouTube  Side Hustles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mo8WQqvKU1c&pp=sAQA

840.  Meet the Autopsy Queen of Instagram (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ya2Vn4rM0zo&pp=sAQA

841.  Meet the Bros of Fracking Profiles by VICE (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ei0kwHM2XWY&pp=sAQA

842.  Meet the Bros of Fracking Profiles by VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPkkSzV7aGM&pp=sAQA

843.  Meet the Creator of Tentacle Porn, Hentai Artist Toshio Maeda [Warning Explicit Imagery].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOTa0Yrzf6k&pp=sAQA

844.  Meet the Cuban Punks Who Infected Themselves with HIV in Protest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rY8dwx6OxY&pp=sAQA

845.  Meet The Cuban-American Skateboarder Making Waves In The Food World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ly1WQ0WOMQc&pp=sAQA

846.  Meet The Godfather of Erotic Photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4K6fuw6MV0Q&pp=sAQA

847.  Meet the Guy who Gets Paid to Smoke Weed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SnMwHT6f-6s&pp=sAQA

848.  Meet the Infamous Debt Collectors of Indonesia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVfXW0Zc9qQ&pp=sAQA

849.  Meet the Kittens of Cat Girl Manor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDiUc7vtzFA&pp=sAQA

850.  Meet the Man Trying to Save Vintage Video Games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChqUlJdFYS8&pp=sAQA

851.  Meet the Martha Stewart of Marijuana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMngWwI5bPU&pp=sAQA

852.  Meet the Mexico City Skateboarder Who Takes Inspiration From The Streets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmtwENn1w4g&pp=sAQA

853.  Meet the Most Infamous Dirt Bike Rider in NYC.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzgfsZvbBmU&pp=sAQA

854.  Meet the NBA’s Custom Sneaker King.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5E5JsuQDzK0&pp=sAQA

855.  Meet the Neo-Nazi Biker Gangs of Germany.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrMlpkIDVRE&pp=sAQA

856.  Meet the People Who Ritualistically Suspend Bodies From Hooks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_pJ9nx2K3U&pp=sAQA

857.  Meet the Targeted Individual Community.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62s3FinAoC0&pp=sAQA

858.  Meet The Team Investigating Human Rights Violations Through Architecture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NuOg7ldgnd8&pp=sAQA

859.  Meet the Vodou Priestess Summoning Healing Spirits in Post-Earthquake Haiti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPuAJzB425I&pp=sAQA

860.  Meet The Wife of Britain's Most Notorious Prisoner Charles Bronson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifnQjKdgovY&pp=sAQA

861.  MenXclusive the Male Stripping Collective of Australia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5XBxcNAdxc&pp=sAQA

862.  Meth Country - An Unstoppable Epidemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMp-EbfwaEw&pp=sAQA

863.  Miami's Most Legendary Playboy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iuu6bZrD9V4&pp=sAQA

864.  Miami‘s Graffiti Style Gods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUV1xOvMwsI&pp=sAQA

865.  Migrating to Shoot Up Legally Heroin Commuters  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gs26R56d3ww&pp=sAQA

866.  Mike Tyson and UFC President Dana White on 'The Jim Norton Show' (Teaser #4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3oLNECRLSU&pp=sAQA

867.  Mike Tyson on 'The Jim Norton Show' (Teaser #3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCGhFiqu8kc&pp=sAQA

868.  Millionaire Gaming Prodigies Welcome to eSPORTS (Part 15).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UksbnbWjbPs&pp=sAQA

869.  Millions of Animals and Crops Are Being Destroyed Due to COVID-19  The Latest with Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sAsFZy526Y&pp=sAQA

870.  Mining the Golden Mountains of Suriname With An Ex-Rebel Leader.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwUOUY8fKl4&pp=sAQA

871.  Ministry or Manipulation The Pastor Promising to Heal a Nation  God's Country.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5XvzAfJlqo&pp=sAQA

872.  Miss Africa Greece Beauty Pageant VICE INTL (Greece).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLnBwfWvgpU&pp=sAQA

873.  Miss Gordita South American Plus Sized Beauty Pageant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fqab3OlLLkA&pp=sAQA

874.  Missouri's Half Naked Hacky Sack Champion  Local Legends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2_Gd0Lo0GU&pp=sAQA

875.  MMA After War Fightland Specials (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSY1RbcfsGI&pp=sAQA

876.  Molly Crabapple on What it Means to Be An Artist in New York City.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ID_gtlm_5HQ&pp=sAQA

877.  Monetizing Thirst The Life of the Instafamous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uN4Ua5ZD9qA&pp=sAQA

878.  Money Gang Drifting Crew (Smoke Show EP3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWyjv4jGuPg&pp=sAQA

879.  More Than a Million in Hawaii Were Told They May Die  Source Material.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EiSfDsOjXIQ&pp=sAQA

880.  Murder at America's Border The Story of an Anti-Immigration Vigilante.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRtBtI3lkqc&pp=sAQA

881.  My Balls Got Lasered at a Worst-Rated Clinic  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sb55tuhBac4&pp=sAQA

882.  My Breaking Bad Prank Gone Wrong Almost Cost Me $150,000.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOhXFOzDJx8&pp=sAQA

883.  My Face Tattoos Are Not Scary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6sosJjAeWM&pp=sAQA

884.  My Fake Picasso Went to Auction at $1.4 Million.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8WupeLTxow&pp=sAQA

885.  My First Acid Trip Was Mixed with Cocaine And Alcohol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDkJgWOzUz8&pp=sAQA

886.  My First Acid Trip Was With Strangers in Cambodia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6L8NhGpv9iM&pp=sAQA

887.  My First Spray Tan at One of Yelp’s Worst-Rated Tanning Salons  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXpRo17rXKA&pp=sAQA

888.  My Internship Cleaning NYC Porta Potties  24 Hour Intern.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yK-IOgL6jOI&pp=sAQA

889.  My Job Became Essential Overnight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRNMljWwVSk&pp=sAQA

890.  My Life As a Queer Immigrant Working Multiple Jobs to Survive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obXZ0RHIWcI&pp=sAQA

891.  My Life In Monsters Meet the Animator Behind Star Wars and Jurassic Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTGQ_K0DBPo&pp=sAQA

892.  My Life Living with Bipolar Disorder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcCBacPWLrc&pp=sAQA

893.  My Life with Germaphobia during COVID-19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcdoSp6OMGo&pp=sAQA

894.  My Nyan Cat Meme Sold For $590K  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rU3SO_VOG8A&pp=sAQA

895.  My Roommate Has COVID-19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zo68XHio_t4&pp=sAQA

896.  My Wife Hired a Hitman So I Faked My Death  Fakes, Frauds & Scammers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpyQDo_VoaM&pp=sAQA

897.  Mystery Smells and Shady Jobs  Kevin Gates Helpline Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAKhlosS0fo&pp=sAQA

898.  Narcan, Cricket Fighting, & The World's Fastest Bike Latest on VICE (December 6, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIgk86B_H4s&pp=sAQA

899.  Narco Music is the Soundtrack to the Mexican War on Drugs (Part 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvHeJIkv8S8&pp=sAQA

900.  Narco Music is the Soundtrack to the Mexican War on Drugs (Part 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjWMF6X08pg&pp=sAQA

901.  Narco Music is the Soundtrack to the Mexican War on Drugs (Part 33).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRqEqQmh6So&pp=sAQA

902.  New VR System Has Prisoners Practicing Life Beyond Bars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpFikLVAlSM&pp=sAQA

903.  Next Generation’s Discussion of Sex & Relationships in 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIAmgpovy7g&pp=sAQA

904.  Nick Cave on Vampires, Dragons, & The Sick Bag Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INUXKxOQPbI&pp=sAQA

905.  Nigel Sylvester Doesn't Need BMX Competitions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9VSGoQ9N5Q&pp=sAQA

906.  No Space for the Dead in Indonesia’s Most Crowded City.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WKmPiv2FmQ&pp=sAQA

907.  NXIVM The Self-Help Program That Became a “Sex Cult”  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1dcgFkNU98&pp=sAQA

908.  NYC's Newest Superhero is a Shit-Talking Spider-Man  Side Hustles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8wjt_5DgwQ&pp=sAQA

909.  Off-Roading Abu Dhabi’s 'Hill of Horrors'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEyKXUjMWWA&pp=sAQA

910.  Oiled Up and Ready to Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eN4Dn2Zh4Ho&pp=sAQA

911.  Oklahoma City's Immersive Art Space  Supported by Marriott Bonvoy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iKtnkbLVZg&pp=sAQA

912.  Oliver Stone on the Personal Inspiration Behind 'Snowden'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fw4x2fAlKKU&pp=sAQA

913.  On Hold Canadian Transgender Health Access.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUMYIykH_U8&pp=sAQA

914.  On Patrol with South Korea's Suicide Rescue Team.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jYBWBlEd0U&pp=sAQA

915.  On the Arab Spring with the Director of 'We Are the Giant'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIrxdi35J60&pp=sAQA

916.  On the Frontline of COVID-19 Diary of a Doctor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFgGcKOzGJU&pp=sAQA

917.  On the Frontline of the Ebola Outbreak Latest on VICE (October 11, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjeKm0yHAek&pp=sAQA

918.  On The Road with The World's Most Hyperactive Horror Director.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c62Ot4L7m94&pp=sAQA

919.  One Hunting Trip to Feed a Village for the Year  Balls Deep Episode 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJp6P3DRWhc&pp=sAQA

920.  One of Yelp’s Worst-Rated Plastic Surgeons I Got Work Done  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8OrhHj8pOA&pp=sAQA

921.  One Punch, 99 Years in Prison.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eegCG9-30uI&pp=sAQA

922.  One Star Reviews Watch Season Two Now (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJ4ZTH1toog&pp=sAQA

923.  OnlyFans The Premium Social Network for Porn  My Life Online.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vjh5ekdoN20&pp=sAQA

924.  Oobah's End Of The World Dinner Party with COVID-19 Survivor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehTD_d8qR20&pp=sAQA

925.  Opioid Addiction in Dearborn’s Muslim Community.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vuSqlKmnqk&pp=sAQA

926.  Oregon on Fire  States of Unrest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hYGo8Pfgow&pp=sAQA

927.  Our Rising Oceans (VICE on HBO Season 3, Episode 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kp6_sDiup6U&pp=sAQA

928.  Our Rising Oceans VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEiETD8HKZA&pp=sAQA

929.  Out of Control Ukraine's Rogue Militias.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMMXuKB0BoY&pp=sAQA

930.  Out of Place The Trans Chinese Community Fighting for Gender Equality (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuuXJ3ghxZw&pp=sAQA

931.  Out of Place The Trans Chinese Community Fighting for Gender Equality (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OknuGcBkzFY&pp=sAQA

932.  Overdose Crisis on the US-Canada Border Steel Town Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2kqgX2KjTY&pp=sAQA

933.  Palestine Now & Viva Cuba Libre (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1uTLj_vwds&pp=sAQA

934.  Paper Straws are Terrible for the Environment  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pv1UPtPgI_I&pp=sAQA

935.  Partying at a Refugee Nightclub in Naples  World Without Planes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rlaeRHgUCk&pp=sAQA

936.  Peacekeepers Turned Perpetrators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZfoCHEIfDQ&pp=sAQA

937.  People Who Just Had Sex Brian and John.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fyHCVeBX5w&pp=sAQA

938.  People Who Just Had Sex Dan and Abigail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWuPdGuqCwE&pp=sAQA

939.  People Who Just Had Sex Juice and Boogie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQp8Po8Mh6M&pp=sAQA

940.  People Who Just Had Sex Meredith and Kevin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEgDWQsedAs&pp=sAQA

941.  People Who Just Had Sex Mike and Alice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZXgabj1vvc&pp=sAQA

942.  People Who Just Had Sex Ryan and Dan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1iEbS7l5_o&pp=sAQA

943.  People Who Just Had Sex Samantha and Thomas (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSxoFW_UyH4&pp=sAQA

944.  People Who Just Had Sex Samantha and Thomas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDbmu2S90po&pp=sAQA

945.  Peru, Parisians, & Ozzy Osbourne Latest on VICE (October 18, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYaU6kvvOLk&pp=sAQA

946.  Philadelphia’s Opioid Epidemic Lead to the Largest Open Air Heroin Market.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3sf46cwK9oc&pp=sAQA

947.  Philando Castile's Mom Talked to Us About George Floyd.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3tBr8zLeZU&pp=sAQA

948.  Photographing Anti-Fascist Protests in the UK  Developing News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuM-HOhAg6w&pp=sAQA

949.  Photographing the War in Afghanistan  Developing News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HL4a1H6foAQ&pp=sAQA

950.  Pierre Davis Is Designing Fashion’s Radical Future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfDyc73o2LA&pp=sAQA

951.  Pinball From Illegal Gambling Game to a Classic Pastime  American Obsessions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IAwLj6XKR8&pp=sAQA

952.  Playing Soccer in One of Mexico's Most Dangerous Barrios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAxfc6PQmVw&pp=sAQA

953.  Poland’s Far Right Are Attacking Everyone They Hate  Decade of Hate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fB2XRK_Xb6g&pp=sAQA

954.  Polar Bear Man Returns to the Arctic VICE Reports (Full-length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3e0xDfhJ6O4&pp=sAQA

955.  Polar Bear Man Returns to the Arctic VICE Reports (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8UQhv9m37U&pp=sAQA

956.  Polar Bear Man Returns to the Arctic VICE Reports (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xG8ceFI1Z5U&pp=sAQA

957.  Polar Bear Man Returns to the Arctic VICE Reports (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ggc1eeEo9s&pp=sAQA

958.  Polar Bear Man Returns to the Arctic Vice Reports (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnChHnr4Cco&pp=sAQA

959.  Police Are Taking a Knee But Not Everyone is Impressed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0hTxEdaeyY&pp=sAQA

960.  Police Arrest Florida Man Over a Donut  WTFLORIDA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xOrWEbs_3k&pp=sAQA

961.  Police Militarization meets Hacker Culture Swatting (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtnPuOSK5Us&pp=sAQA

962.  Policing the Police The Copwatch Movement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKRWOeqRWZM&pp=sAQA

963.  Polygamist Mafia Escaping The Kingston Clan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwoO7Nekmpw&pp=sAQA

964.  Population of One Living Alone in an Abandoned Ghost Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQ7CBzg870Y&pp=sAQA

965.  Porn Director Explains Why Alternative Porn is Important.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDset-oAPps&pp=sAQA

966.  Porno Bootcamp The Training Ground For Amateur Porn Actors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbsB2fo3Sws&pp=sAQA

967.  Posing as an Old Lady to Expose Online Scammers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyAbBE7lUwo&pp=sAQA

968.  Post-Antibiotic World Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hq1oPY_b6Rs&pp=sAQA

969.  Prankster of Wrestling Owen Hart (Deleted Scene)  Dark Side of the Ring.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgc3gaCPAjM&pp=sAQA

970.  Preparing for Invasion Poland's Paramilitary Weekend Warriors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzbCkHxNxvc&pp=sAQA

971.  Preparing Professional Skaters for the 2020 Olympics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91tbyd-SR8c&pp=sAQA

972.  Prepping for Doomsday With Pastor Joe  Should You Be Afraid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHfZ2972mr0&t=33s&pp=sAQA

973.  President Barack Obama The VICE News Interview (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfLVNO6Pc1c&pp=sAQA

974.  Pride, Psychedelics, and Refugee Raves in Amsterdam  World Without Planes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaDZ0bVresE&pp=sAQA

975.  Prince (2015) - Official Trailer [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgXbuIcGInA&pp=sAQA

976.  Prison Tennis, Cambo, & Riff Raff's Diet Latest on VICE (January 31).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNgGweXCvwQ&pp=sAQA

977.  Pro Skateboarder Billy Rohan Talks About Living with Bipolar Disorder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95SnqPasBIo&pp=sAQA

978.  Pro Skaters vs Abandoned Asylum  Can You Skate It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DdalujxiRw&pp=sAQA

979.  Pro Skaters Vs. Area 51  Can You Skate It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zw7_bwgpvsw&pp=sAQA

980.  Probing the Existence of an Alleged Toronto Gang with Rob Ford Ties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGFScoCjKic&pp=sAQA

981.  Prohibition in Northern Canada VICE INTL (Canada).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIhUhHbTJ_s&pp=sAQA

982.  Protecting Australia’s Incarcerated Aboriginals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dtZ7UmytWs&pp=sAQA

983.  PTSD From Gang Violence in LA (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kX0pvocxyG0&pp=sAQA

984.  Puerto Rican Activists Took Over the Statue of Liberty  I Was There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veASXAsuXtw&pp=sAQA

985.  Punching Nazis, Exposing Fascists, and the Antifa Philosophy Fringe Nation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JuSNYVj6Ts8&pp=sAQA

986.  Pups, Otters, and Large Furry Men Thomas Morton on the Slanguage of Bears.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbPBs5rnLP4&pp=sAQA

987.  Pureflix Streaming Platform for Devout Christians  FAME-ish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPm41F5VxEs&pp=sAQA

988.  Pussy Riot Talks Putin, Prisons, and Political Sexual Preferences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMgdZVU2lbU&pp=sAQA

989.  Put Some Respek on Daddy Long Neck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBcgUYye8K8&pp=sAQA

990.  Putin’s Favorite Martial Arts for the KGB.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRlmWd6omG4&pp=sAQA

991.  QAnon 101 The Search for Q.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsN96zE8FuE&pp=sAQA

992.  QC Bud The Black Market's Last Stand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0Dq1QfVC00&pp=sAQA

993.  Quarantine Skate Competition Judged by Pros  Can You Skate It (At Home).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYOJfjKvXzo&pp=sAQA

994.  Quarantined Alone for 52 Days at Sea  Source Material.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wM9yd1Mf_EM&pp=sAQA

995.  Quinta Brunson Takes Us on a Psychedelic Guided Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJeqGoUUJ5M&pp=sAQA

996.  Radley Balko on the Militarization of America's Police Force VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTWy8tjTiTw&pp=sAQA

997.  Raised for a Future that No Longer Exists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_6G9gab_f4&pp=sAQA

998.  Raised Without Gender.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sPj8HhbwHs&pp=sAQA

999.  Rapper Father Takes Us On a Psychedelic Trip to Taco Bell  Inside My Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wjql1tDbpg&pp=sAQA

1000.  Real Life Tinder Cruising at the Beach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Q8r0WOAP08&pp=sAQA

1001.  Rebel Rabbis Anti-Zionist Jews Against Israel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKplabTRuak&pp=sAQA

1002.  Rebels, Feasts, & Life in Slow Motion Latest on VICE (January 24, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUe0hINL1d8&pp=sAQA

1003.  Rebuilding After the California Forest Fires - Home Again Paradise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5XeudRQ4gY&pp=sAQA

1004.  Rebuilding Homes For LA’s Most Marginalized Renters  Our Table.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOHTaAjQs4o&pp=sAQA

1005.  Receiving D Pics for my VICE Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aITbzvzB4-w&pp=sAQA

1006.  Recovering After Hurricane Harvey's $125 Billion of Damages - Home Again Houston.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyuFoklWREc&pp=sAQA

1007.  Recreating 'Roots' For a Modern Audience VICE Talks Film.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eZibi1TIos&pp=sAQA

1008.  Redefining Fashion & Architecture in Bolivia Cholitas y Cholets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QbP6icbXnI&pp=sAQA

1009.  Redefining the Separation of Church and State  God's Country.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNKDNFERkN0&pp=sAQA

1010.  Released From Prison Early Because of COVID-19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0Gt34ubpKs&pp=sAQA

1011.  Relieving My Stress with a One Star Massage  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfY09w9VWRs&pp=sAQA

1012.  Remaking Indiana Jones, Shot for Shot  American Obsessions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gV6QMj0fvQ&pp=sAQA

1013.  Removing Gang Tattoos With Homeboy Industries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT9jcDrFGxs&pp=sAQA

1014.  Rent a White Guy Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPW83Bzv-dA&pp=sAQA

1015.  ResERECTION - The Penis Implant Profiles by VICE (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upxEK7dbYBI&pp=sAQA

1016.  ResERECTION - The Penis Implant Profiles by VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8auptXYhT80&pp=sAQA

1017.  Return to Yemen & Church and States (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGfY9e7ln1c&pp=sAQA

1018.  Revisiting the Glory Days With One of Japan's Most Violent Biker Gangs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMpZLrODd3k&pp=sAQA

1019.  Reviving Dead Bodies in Mexico (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnQ7vctGBcc&pp=sAQA

1020.  Richard Linklater on the Making of Boyhood VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofKeAi7W8NA&pp=sAQA

1021.  Riding For Jesus Inside South Carolina's Christian Biker Gang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aF4VaEh4NWs&pp=sAQA

1022.  Riding Shotgun in a F-16 Super Bowl Flyover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfhSSvkWclw&pp=sAQA

1023.  Right to Die (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgj2VXltbuI&pp=sAQA

1024.  Rise of the Right Marching in Europe's Largest Nationalist Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnC-zSdMSRo&pp=sAQA

1025.  Risking My Life at the Worst-Rated Flying School  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cfzmC3gh38&pp=sAQA

1026.  Riz Ahmed on Neo-noir, On-Screen Diversity, and Terrible Scottish Accents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlnHIVL5EyI&pp=sAQA

1027.  RJ Mitte of 'Breaking Bad' on Living with Cerebral Palsy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cc-cbcJVw00&pp=sAQA

1028.  Rob Ford's Sobriety Coach Inside the Manic Life & Work of Bob Marier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bTeJ6JcEmc&pp=sAQA

1029.  Robert Eggers on 'The Witch', Familial Trauma, and the Supernatural.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGNrHzCXpTM&pp=sAQA

1030.  Robotic Fish, Lasagne Aphrodisiacs, & the Business of Life Latest on VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNj9Goui1FQ&pp=sAQA

1031.  Roger Deakins and Matthew Heineman On Depicting the Drug War in Film.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZARGFIzdN4&pp=sAQA

1032.  Rolling a Fully Smokeable Turkey-Shaped Joint.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jzy_--z-Yo&pp=sAQA

1033.  Roman Polanski on Rosemary's Baby - Conversations Inside The Criterion Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6q8LbUhPzLE&pp=sAQA

1034.  Running a Nightclub During a Pandemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qX_aaRepdIM&pp=sAQA

1035.  Russell Brand on Revolution VICE Shorties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYsvjbFCUJU&pp=sAQA

1036.  Sacrificing Hundreds of Buffalo for One Funeral in Indonesia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvA36KCipU0&pp=sAQA

1037.  Safer at War than at Home  Diary of a Combat Medic Fighting ISIS (Part 33).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m54L1jusS5w&pp=sAQA

1038.  San Ysidro Purgatory Children Caught at the US Border.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rQBttz0P30&pp=sAQA

1039.  Sarah Polley and Greta Gerwig on Frances Ha - Conversations Inside The Criterion Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70HXyrodlek&pp=sAQA

1040.  Saving South Sudan - Full Length.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDSu8wlQG6c&pp=sAQA

1041.  Saving South Sudan - Part 13.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dClg7UryzPM&pp=sAQA

1042.  Saving South Sudan - Part 23.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lgs60-UefGE&pp=sAQA

1043.  Saving South Sudan - Part 33.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2n1SJKRop8M&pp=sAQA

1044.  Savior Seeds  India's Water Crisis (VICE on HBO Season 3, Episode 9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkBoVfkOWqQ&pp=sAQA

1045.  Savior Seeds Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WaOMw5Ws9Pk&pp=sAQA

1046.  Savior Seeds VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLYbnfz3OU4&pp=sAQA

1047.  Scrotum Frog Boner Juice (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=307PNlVU0Sw&pp=sAQA

1048.  Searchers Highway of Tears.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz63Vppw3gE&pp=sAQA

1049.  Searching for Montenegro's Illegal Blast Fishermen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tz9nnHHcacE&pp=sAQA

1050.  Selling Weed in Front of My Governor’s Office  Local Legends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-pd9lHJJtw&pp=sAQA

1051.  Sending A Brave Lookalike To Skydive With My Wife.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CLhLkcm9Ao&pp=sAQA

1052.  Sending a Transgender Taxi Driver to Mars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrtMl7X_Y5w&pp=sAQA

1053.  Sending an Attractive Lookalike to My High School Reunion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHRM_QNvp9E&pp=sAQA

1054.  Senka The Mythical Christmas Beast - VICE Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdvFC4xr918&pp=sAQA

1055.  Senyawa Is Turning Indonesian Music On Its Head VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfmuSwl0CTE&pp=sAQA

1056.  Serbian Cannabis Between Pain and the Law.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnCKWQ5Y_Xw&pp=sAQA

1057.  Serial Cat Killer The Hunt for a Pet Murderer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0_X5ta53J4&pp=sAQA

1058.  Sex + Food, Tropical Firearms, and VICE on HBO Latest on VICE (January 10, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hF7rn6TEGc&pp=sAQA

1059.  Sex Education for the Next Generation - First Times  Finishing School Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ayk_EaON2OY&pp=sAQA

1060.  Sex Work From Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HiATC4m3Y2o&pp=sAQA

1061.  Sex Workers in Saarland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdaEePsLIc0&pp=sAQA

1062.  Sex Workers Pay This Woman to be Their Mentor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DtPPc7gNo4&pp=sAQA

1063.  Sex, Violence, & The Neon Demon VICE Talks Film with Nicolas Winding Refn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VytX-WPyshc&pp=sAQA

1064.  Sexual Exploitation of Young Refugees in Greece.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awsh84Thb7c&pp=sAQA

1065.  Sexuality, Submission, and Sex Work  Ask Slutever (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nw-y3t6Roy4&pp=sAQA

1066.  Shane Smith Debrief VICE on HBO Season 3 Finale.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAiv1lo2hwI&pp=sAQA

1067.  Shane Smith's Debrief on Alternative Energy Sources for a Post-Fossil Fuel World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PK_zXO8nuSw&pp=sAQA

1068.  Shane Smith's Debrief on Cuba's Cultural Exchange with the U.S..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3WXGhp9y3g&pp=sAQA

1069.  Shane Smith's Debrief on Edward Snowden and the State of Surveillance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhPV58YV_Kk&pp=sAQA

1070.  Shane Smith's Debrief on the Nuclear Deal in Iran.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op3JCJqVBVg&pp=sAQA

1071.  Sharing the Syrian War on YouTube for 7 Years  Source Material.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkuKK_ZyXBg&pp=sAQA

1072.  SHELTER (Full Length Documentary).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUfNbNBFwRI&pp=sAQA

1073.  Shelter in Place with Shane Smith & Edward Snowden (Full Episode).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5OAjnveyJo&pp=sAQA

1074.  Shoot to Kill VICE Investigates the Kenya Wildlife Service.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtPEhvkYKRk&pp=sAQA

1075.  Shooting Cats Australia's War on Feral Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxUTl_xd9u0&pp=sAQA

1076.  Shopping for Sex Toys in South Korea’s New Adult Stores.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AbO0-PtOkg&pp=sAQA

1077.  Shosh Shlam on Internet Addicts in 'Web Junkie' VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEeJEPlsVfo&pp=sAQA

1078.  Should I Stop Sleeping With a Married Man  Kevin Gates Helpline Episode 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4q_Fr8z1Ots&pp=sAQA

1079.  Should Museums Return Their Stolen Objects  Empires of Dirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zmmqL0RIdk&pp=sAQA

1080.  Shredding Against the World The Making of All this Mayhem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxIQ1JaiTpE&pp=sAQA

1081.  Shutting Down the Streets of LA Sideshow Takeovers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcLlbvHRMAE&pp=sAQA

1082.  Simulating Mars Atop Earth's Largest Volcano.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqFqgmGZrCU&pp=sAQA

1083.  Singer-Songwriter Noah Cyrus Takes a Psychedelic Adventure Down The Old Town Road  Inside My Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gW5Iwe223xA&pp=sAQA

1084.  Single Japanese Women Are Buying the Boyfriend Experience  Slutever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aLEu1lx8bg&pp=sAQA

1085.  Sinking Rich Speedboat Racing Through a Failed State.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmo5J3RhH8g&pp=sAQA

1086.  Skating Downhill at 70 Miles Per Hour  Post Radical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_mpF7YnosY&pp=sAQA

1087.  Slabs and Swangas are Houston Hip-Hop Trophies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIpMst53cAc&pp=sAQA

1088.  Slalom & Freestyle The Fundamentals of Skateboarding  Post Radical Episode 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhEsNDQsRkM&pp=sAQA

1089.  Sleep Paralysis Recreation Through Nightmare Photography.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OI5A13fep3E&pp=sAQA

1090.  SLUTEVER - Premieres Jan. 24 on VICELAND.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-avA3GfqfX4&pp=sAQA

1091.  SMOKEABLES Abdullah Smokes Out Of a Banana Bowl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7w0C1YhWrw&pp=sAQA

1092.  SMOKEABLES Cannabis-Infused Chai That'll Get you High.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLRyCN1XKcI&pp=sAQA

1093.  SMOKEABLES Get High on a Hike with Cannabis Trail Mix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6CA59s5DSs&pp=sAQA

1094.  SMOKEABLES Getting High Made Easy (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtgCLk4qRVc&pp=sAQA

1095.  SMOKEABLES How to Make a Carrot Chillum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMTMyJinVJo&pp=sAQA

1096.  SMOKEABLES How to Make a Pickle Pipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55xqUMAeED0&pp=sAQA

1097.  SMOKEABLES How to Roll a Plumber's Joint.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkNdZ1OLe5k&pp=sAQA

1098.  SMOKEABLES How to Roll a Tulip Joint.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dht2Lh46HYI&pp=sAQA

1099.  SMOKEABLES Salad Dressing That'll Get You Stoned.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Szo0ptSKKX4&pp=sAQA

1100.  SMOKEABLES The Quickest Way to Make Cannabis Dabs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XuWqEo63pZc&pp=sAQA

1101.  SMOKEABLES Wake and Bake with Pot-Infused Pancakes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ljj3yhmMt1s&pp=sAQA

1102.  Smoking Doobies in Denver.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZlKZIBDUXR8&pp=sAQA

1103.  Smoking Vulture Brains in South Africa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BAhHPw5_L0&pp=sAQA

1104.  Snake Venom Superman Meets the Christian Snake Handler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdHwXfHUPSg&pp=sAQA

1105.  Social Experiment Military Escorts for VIP Subway Riders  Fake Focus Group.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqkzY0yaNJw&pp=sAQA

1106.  Social Experiment Would You Take a Pill to Never Sleep  Fake Focus Group.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHTqPGZUNXA&pp=sAQA

1107.  Sofia Coppola Talks Teen Girls, Sexual Desire and Her New Film ‘The Beguiled’.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xv95k4VmJc&pp=sAQA

1108.  Solitary Confinement Project The Last 4 Hours.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQuvUiG1ps4&pp=sAQA

1109.  Solving a 30-Year-Old Murder Mystery Using the Internet  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvYMg6fa5q0&pp=sAQA

1110.  Somalis Risking Their Lives Fleeing Their Country  Developing News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rpi4fUZ-Sj4&pp=sAQA

1111.  Someone Carved Shrek’s Head Out of A Melon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGEUd1EgXiI&pp=sAQA

1112.  South Korean Women Are Using Sex As Means of Protest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29_TDqTfwoc&pp=sAQA

1113.  Speaking to Pets through Animal Mediums.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BpzmWO12KY&pp=sAQA

1114.  Spending a Week with Trump’s First Supporters  Balls Deep Season 2 Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQHjeIWwmsQ&pp=sAQA

1115.  Spermageddon The Male Fertility Crisis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVyzjEF_sKw&pp=sAQA

1116.  Spike Lee talks BlacKkKlansman, Trump, and Busting Your Ass in the Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfLuJyrgVGQ&pp=sAQA

1117.  Stand-Up Comedy in the Age of Social Distancing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PF3lPwk27Nk&pp=sAQA

1118.  Stealing from the Rich The Modern Day Robin Hood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gt7HlHDmc_4&pp=sAQA

1119.  Stepping Into the Screen The Boundaries of the VR Frontier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_aU-P022g0&pp=sAQA

1120.  Steve Carell, Channing Tatum, & Mark Ruffalo VICE Meets the Cast of 'Foxcatcher'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYgP6vS8BX8&pp=sAQA

1121.  Stoned Fighting Jiu-Jitsu Meets Cannabis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Gqa67lD4VY&pp=sAQA

1122.  Stoned Moms The Marijuana Industry's Greatest Untapped Market.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrBW55Cbz8Q&pp=sAQA

1123.  Stopping HIV Once and For All  The Truvada Revolution (Part 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LUq7cGMWNU&pp=sAQA

1124.  Straight Pride Parade Marching for the Oppressed Majority.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-CO8stDnYA&pp=sAQA

1125.  Stranded on a Boat During a Hurricane in a Pandemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Imj5EGZzrwg&pp=sAQA

1126.  Strange Border Kidnappings in Kosovo Correspondent Confidential (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjG8hP0mmbY&pp=sAQA

1127.  Strangely Satisfying Sculptor David Altmejd.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7TYyTWKCHI&pp=sAQA

1128.  Street Gods Inside NYC’s Underground Car Meets (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eCX4C04_VE&pp=sAQA

1129.  Street Gods Shutting Down the Streets for Underground Racing (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUTOSeP86sE&pp=sAQA

1130.  Street Skateboarders of Singapore (360° Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtFLqDYXiY0&pp=sAQA

1131.  Streets by VICE Atlanta (Ponce De Leon Ave.).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rCJYkZYeLY&pp=sAQA

1132.  Streets by VICE Austin (6th St.).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAeeJTvN9m0&pp=sAQA

1133.  Streets by VICE Chicago (Halsted Street).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8WwazfHlhY&pp=sAQA

1134.  Streets by VICE Las Vegas (Charleston Blvd.).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVpdcpXIWyo&pp=sAQA

1135.  Streets by VICE Los Angeles (Sunset Boulevard).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYa9lmBGI-g&pp=sAQA

1136.  Streets by VICE Miami (Biscayne Blvd).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmFrhQMHxcw&pp=sAQA

1137.  Streets by VICE New York (Bedford Ave).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIuFayQ2zUg&pp=sAQA

1138.  Streets by VICE San Francisco (Market St.).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZzJbEklD5I&pp=sAQA

1139.  Struggling with Severe Mental Illness The Story of Maisie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZRY1gtPte4&pp=sAQA

1140.  Student Debt & Fecal Medicine (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 17).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fT1Og1tjWwM&pp=sAQA

1141.  Subscribe to Broadly A Women's Interest Channel from VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpA3WEyQYPQ&pp=sAQA

1142.  Subscribe to VICE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rKL8kXprTk&pp=sAQA

1143.  Sugar & Slavery The Building Blocks of Bristol’s 1`%  Empires of Dirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4GtcMCTm_4&pp=sAQA

1144.  Sunday Funday Detroit’s Illegal Car Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNJhzrd9T4U&pp=sAQA

1145.  Superpower for Hire Rise of the Private Military (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEBBPeHpGss&pp=sAQA

1146.  Superpower for Hire Rise of the Private Military.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LaSD8oFBZE&pp=sAQA

1147.  Surfing the Freezing Waters of Michigan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=On6TWHTPFKE&pp=sAQA

1148.  Surgery for Six Packs The Rise of Male Plastic Surgery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd6C4ISF9JU&pp=sAQA

1149.  Surviving Gay Conversion Therapy (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HRPNtfYkruQ&pp=sAQA

1150.  Surviving Hurricane Maria  Source Material.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjlPEE5J7e0&pp=sAQA

1151.  Surviving Off of Dead Animals  Side Hustles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JemSTLOEXiQ&pp=sAQA

1152.  Sweden's Hidden People VICE Reports.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkfiC0vj6Vg&pp=sAQA

1153.  Sweet Home Alabama  Haitian Money Pit (VICE on HBO Season 3, Episode 7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0ZzwGSF6Zg&pp=sAQA

1154.  Sweet Home Alabama Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JN4IHyioXMM&pp=sAQA

1155.  Synthetic Drug Revolution Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_orf5u6RQgo&pp=sAQA

1156.  Synthetic Drug Revolution VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLD3AKoyV5Q&pp=sAQA

1157.  Synthetic Drugs  Transsexuals of Iran (VICE on HBO Season 3, Episode 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGjOiUoSGt8&pp=sAQA

1158.  T-Girls and the Pride of the Bronx Thomas Morton Explores Trans Culture and Identity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcTSqMI5Gjg&pp=sAQA

1159.  TaeKwonDo Rockers vs. Cocaine-Dealing Ninjas The True Story of 'Miami Connection'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1UmZ4WWspo&pp=sAQA

1160.  Tagging Over Murals 67’s Fight to Keep Graffiti Alive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th1MJflfYgA&pp=sAQA

1161.  Take Tasty Rips with a DIY Fruit Salad Bong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxwbNDQS4aE&pp=sAQA

1162.  Taking Amazon’s Worst-Rated Boat Out to Sea  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-aDJIvpozY&pp=sAQA

1163.  Taking Down Tokyo's Corrupt Diamond Syndicate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdXV5-JC2UI&pp=sAQA

1164.  Taking LSD, MDMA, and DMT to Treat Mental Health.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rglmiwu_C7k&pp=sAQA

1165.  Taking On a Monster Fry-Up in a Hollowed Out Loaf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdAA7blwBd8&pp=sAQA

1166.  Talking 'Mad Max Fury Road' with Director George Miller  VICE Talks Film.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9_VxcSHyWI&pp=sAQA

1167.  Talking Art, Acid and Architecture with Filmmaker Jonathan Meades.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCDavz2lz8k&pp=sAQA

1168.  Talking to Director Bennett Miller About His New Film, 'Foxcatcher' - VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx5zX0hbhPM&pp=sAQA

1169.  Talking to Marshall Curry, Director of 'Point and Shoot' - Vice Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOODi8ePJlw&pp=sAQA

1170.  Talking to the Directors of the Horror Film 'Goodnight Mommy'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pULDvS422g4&pp=sAQA

1171.  Talking to the Star and Director of 'A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night' - VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wlm97DiUq8&pp=sAQA

1172.  Tantric Sex Guru Answers Your Questions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbzCt9GWZjo&pp=sAQA

1173.  Teacher Abandoned Me During Yelp’s Worst-Rated Driving Lesson  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdlyyulxiy0&pp=sAQA

1174.  Techno, Fascism and Flakka Georgia’s Deadly Drug War  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jnd_xS8l5Ck&pp=sAQA

1175.  Teen Offenders in the Wilderness Lost Boys of New Zealand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLJLmjuSzXU&pp=sAQA

1176.  teeth VICE Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evv0yTVsBNs&pp=sAQA

1177.  TERROR (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xvXm7MHYAc&pp=sAQA

1178.  Terrorist Pirates of Southeast Asia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgYH3X7JY28&pp=sAQA

1179.  Tesla Hacker The Rogue Mechanic Taking On Tesla.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Ytm_GnTkl0&pp=sAQA

1180.  Testing a Cannabis Extract for Cancer Patients Canadian Cannabis (Episode 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3OcwlTh9Uc&pp=sAQA

1181.  Thai Meth Epidemic and Vomit Rehab.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_Ut2wSefkQ&pp=sAQA

1182.  The $6M TikTok Mansion The Internet Loves to Hate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmTOMAg8d-c&pp=sAQA

1183.  The 'Limitless Future' of a Weed Extract that Doesn't Get You High.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJBZ4ruZ0wY&pp=sAQA

1184.  The 14 Year Old Bike Prodigy of Watts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoAnhEhbeLg&pp=sAQA

1185.  The 20-Hour Party Train  World Without Planes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQUqn14CWzk&pp=sAQA

1186.  The 300-Year-Old Exploding Hammer Tradition of Mexico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9lQl_Gasig&pp=sAQA

1187.  The 40-Year-Old Bodybuilder Swole.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iE70kdARcBc&pp=sAQA

1188.  The 83 Year Old Ibiza Party Legend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvLM8DS-BJo&pp=sAQA

1189.  The 911 Boat Rescue that Saved Half a Million People  I Was There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyS-tYoOj6g&pp=sAQA

1190.  The Acid Attack Survivor Fashion Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qn4d2J_TAU4&pp=sAQA

1191.  The Aftermath of the California Wildfires.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l391-gOsfUs&pp=sAQA

1192.  The Alford Plea Prevents Compensation for the Wrongly Convicted  Innocence Ignored.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KG3zGzY2hsk&pp=sAQA

1193.  The Anarchist Commune in the Rainforest Poole’s Land.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bs24nK5er8&pp=sAQA

1194.  The Anarchist's Skatepark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9rm3wOr5ck&pp=sAQA

1195.  The Annual Drunken, Deadly Horse Races of Guatemala.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFmqiJpb3EM&pp=sAQA

1196.  The Arranged Gay Marriage Scam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyeYvsFv7pM&pp=sAQA

1197.  The Artist with Multiple Personalities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8Oh1L1aN8M&pp=sAQA

1198.  The Assistant Sexually Harassed by Politicians  Informer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU_hwXaX3k0&pp=sAQA

1199.  The Balinese Tradition of Filing Teeth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEDPLDv2vmQ&pp=sAQA

1200.  The Batman of the Suburbs  Local Legends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94MBC3ws9KI&pp=sAQA

1201.  The Battle for the National Air Guitar Championships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPph6XAaEAk&pp=sAQA

1202.  The BDSM Abduction Fetish  Slutever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPn2Q6Eyw1M&pp=sAQA

1203.  The Beaver Slayers of Patagonia (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xItnrQgLj-A&pp=sAQA

1204.  The Big Bug Eating Industry of China (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8Lx2Gq-1mM&pp=sAQA

1205.  The Big Bug Eating Industry of China (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-Taaro6DV0&pp=sAQA

1206.  The Biggest Burnouts are in Texas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OizZtjW6lFo&pp=sAQA

1207.  The Billion Dollar Cockfighting Industry VICE INTL (Australia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syroDHmd004&pp=sAQA

1208.  The Birth of Wide Receiver Divas  Dark Side of Football (Full Episode).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOwDRKfnnJU&pp=sAQA

1209.  The Black Bloc Inside America’s Hard Left.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy1eRCYS08w&pp=sAQA

1210.  The Black Women's Defense League Taking Aim at Racism and Misogyny.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhx_fdOvnrI&pp=sAQA

1211.  The Bone Hunter VICE INTL (Japan).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20N9Iq2c97A&pp=sAQA

1212.  The Bootleg Nikes that Got Banned by Big Tobacco.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDUgxTQGkEE&pp=sAQA

1213.  The British Reaction to Trump’s Massive McDonalds Order for Football Team.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJj8OUr2jfA&pp=sAQA

1214.  The Brutal Tattoo Ritual Built on Pain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9X6nSXwcas&pp=sAQA

1215.  The Cam Girl Capital of the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mINmdJHBNEI&pp=sAQA

1216.  The Cam Girl Cosplaying Anime Characters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jthk0tEfr6k&pp=sAQA

1217.  The Camels of Arabia A Day at the King Abdulaziz Camel Festival.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxwgwD5O6_Q&pp=sAQA

1218.  The Cash Crop Canadian Cannabis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmTBCaTQQrk&pp=sAQA

1219.  The Cast and Crew of 'Blade Runner 2049' on the Original Film  Created with Blade Runner 2049.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Va4dJI0Cyyw&pp=sAQA

1220.  The Celebrity Millionaires of Competitive Gaming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=of1k5AwiNxI&pp=sAQA

1221.  The Challenges of Being Homeless During a Pandemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D669qcb7GGI&pp=sAQA

1222.  The Children Left Behind by Remote Learning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mOwGAI6_DA&pp=sAQA

1223.  The Chinese Expat Running an Underground Gun School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUMnwUjs0BI&pp=sAQA

1224.  The Chinese Pro Skater Known for Big Tricks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eg5x-kmU5YA&pp=sAQA

1225.  The Christian Community Inside Amsterdam Red Light District.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHUs_ZsIp0Y&pp=sAQA

1226.  The Cockroach Connoisseur Who Acted in “The Human Centipede”.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxmWzi0a51Q&pp=sAQA

1227.  The Complete Elimination of HIV The Truvada Revolution (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsEgg6EOpNM&pp=sAQA

1228.  The Completely Blind Hunter Profiles by VICE (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xQcYzdCKSE&pp=sAQA

1229.  The Completely Blind Hunter Profiles by VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_edYuAX-Jg&pp=sAQA

1230.  The Controversial Guru Who Wants to 'Upgrade Civilization'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWUZnYCe0QA&pp=sAQA

1231.  The Controversial Rise of Polygamy in Indonesia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqEypayq7Fs&pp=sAQA

1232.  The Controversy at Chappaquiddick Jason Clarke on Playing Ted Kennedy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=de5uxuIyM-E&pp=sAQA

1233.  The Cost of Dying in Greece.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMx7nnB3reU&pp=sAQA

1234.  The Course Where Sex Workers Learn the Tricks of the Trade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVCJDdFb9hk&pp=sAQA

1235.  The Cowboys of the Middle East.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfZb3Q2cVzg&pp=sAQA

1236.  The Craziest Hippie Festival in the Jungle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyc4tvo_3L4&pp=sAQA

1237.  The Creepy Wax Figure Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulmnMMldLWU&pp=sAQA

1238.  The Crunchy Food Orchestra - VICE After Dark with John Lurie (Ep. 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKxeBnnVyJA&pp=sAQA

1239.  The Crystal Meth Epidemic Plaguing Fresno.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxhyumdiVtw&pp=sAQA

1240.  The Dancing Pallbearers of Ghana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2__apjp1hZM&pp=sAQA

1241.  The Dangerous Rise of Contaminated Weed  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSjzOYmFIsg&pp=sAQA

1242.  The Daredevil Bikeriders in Ghana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2CyNx21oXw&pp=sAQA

1243.  The Dark Grey Market Canadian Cannabis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onyKsyOwI7k&pp=sAQA

1244.  The Dark History of the UK’s Biggest Mansions  Empires of Dirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAbCuEFNAV8&pp=sAQA

1245.  The Dark Side of Being a Food Delivery Person  Informer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RybR12ix8pg&pp=sAQA

1246.  The Dark Side of Being an Escort  Informer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDfboy7MB-8&pp=sAQA

1247.  The Dark Side Of Non-Stop Gaming eSPORTS (Part 45).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=105cdUq98wo&pp=sAQA

1248.  The Dark Truth of Youth Sports.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBT02JYWiKA&pp=sAQA

1249.  The Day Half a Million People Were Poisoned  I Was There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=An2ZHNzgE_Y&pp=sAQA

1250.  The Day Police Dropped a Bomb On Philadelphia  I Was There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X03ErYGB4Kk&pp=sAQA

1251.  The Deadliest Cartel in Mexico  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cm9ELLR8ds&pp=sAQA

1252.  The Deadliest Mass Shooting in America  Source Material.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zh2e8nY8VJ0&pp=sAQA

1253.  The Deadly Synthetic Drug Epidemic Killing New Zealanders.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQQMYlHOntA&pp=sAQA

1254.  The Deadly Tigers Terrorizing Families & Farms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZloCDhexeM&pp=sAQA

1255.  The Deal & City of Lost Children (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 11).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axwXhqKQzIs&pp=sAQA

1256.  The Designer Shaping The Future of Sustainable Streetwear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcfyTzQO4kE&pp=sAQA

1257.  The Destruction of Daraa (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86yvb2VEqDA&pp=sAQA

1258.  The Destruction of Daraa (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kB1qD8Zq5fA&pp=sAQA

1259.  The Destruction of Daraa (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sG6WAOb4FDE&pp=sAQA

1260.  The Destruction of Daraa (Part 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQ2FskYzt_Y&pp=sAQA

1261.  The Digital Love Industry (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBRSR_LGlOE&pp=sAQA

1262.  The Digital Love Industry (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mE4wdh_R4s0&pp=sAQA

1263.  The Dirty Truth Behind a Businessman's Death 'The Clean Up' (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xgv-iQLrgAc&pp=sAQA

1264.  The Dirty Truth Behind a Businessman's Death 'The Clean Up' - VICE Shorts (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dDo9pk5m-M&pp=sAQA

1265.  The Disgusting Things I Witnessed in Factory Farms  Informer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7YVijzeGbs&pp=sAQA

1266.  The Disturbing History of Tobacco  Empires of Dirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_YDMbLXtx0&pp=sAQA

1267.  The Disturbing Reality of Bulletproof Backpacks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sA_lVPEpAvQ&pp=sAQA

1268.  The Disturbing Truth Behind the 'Spitman' Urban Legend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3x0IqbGdOc&pp=sAQA

1269.  The Doctor Making Knives For Autopsies and Celebrity Chefs  Side Hustles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VPSlfz65h8&pp=sAQA

1270.  The Doctor Vlogging from the Frontlines of COVID-19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0tHjl6bSfE&pp=sAQA

1271.  The Double Standards of Cosplay  Been Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7LnYa8nXt8&pp=sAQA

1272.  The Downfall of the Yakuza.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VS50vl40wd0&pp=sAQA

1273.  The Drug That Makes You Reek of Cat Piss  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvxZyMyc7go&pp=sAQA

1274.  The Electric Racing Grand Prix Driving the Future of Transportation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeJjdVShhhw&pp=sAQA

1275.  The End of Polio & Collateral Damage (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-INWTcIFbvo&pp=sAQA

1276.  The Engineer Creating A Virtual World Using Natural Sound.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JnZPEsIPVQ&pp=sAQA

1277.  The Ethics of Human Gene Editing Unnatural Selection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5_u4OiUqCI&pp=sAQA

1278.  The Evangelical Steve Irwin  My Life Online.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13YjO0HN8N4&pp=sAQA

1279.  The Evangelicals Voting for Biden  God's Country.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9yrM92WwlM&pp=sAQA

1280.  The Ex Neo-Nazi Transgender Woman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFtJtuX7TNY&pp=sAQA

1281.  The Ex-Banker on Cocaine Binges & £600k Bonuses  Informer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pn548uALuYw&pp=sAQA

1282.  The Ex-Undercover Cop Exposing the UK’s Police Corruption.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2TC-ZvWdEk&pp=sAQA

1283.  The Exorcist Trying to Heal South Africa’s Satanic Murderer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTHKCo-Oj1k&pp=sAQA

1284.  The Experimental Ketamine Cure for Depression.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAfLnXFIENk&pp=sAQA

1285.  The Factory Flawed Air Jordans Worth $143,000.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf64YaSx9oY&pp=sAQA

1286.  The Far Right Used the War In Ukraine as Training  Decade of Hate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xC1oCpnDURc&pp=sAQA

1287.  The Faux Documentary That 'Proves' Kubrick Faked the Moon Landing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBDZPPSzWUY&pp=sAQA

1288.  The Fight to Reclaim the Southwest  States of Unrest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=te7UMbJHsNs&pp=sAQA

1289.  The Final Stunt Rides of Paris’ Bikelife Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csetLkVspvI&pp=sAQA

1290.  The Finesse of Miami’s Luxury Car Hustle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXmKyzvF7BI&pp=sAQA

1291.  The First Openly Married Couple to Work at a Legal Brothel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ygw71oh0ZUs&pp=sAQA

1292.  The First Sex Doll Brothel in Europe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcBJ-vA5AoE&pp=sAQA

1293.  The Forgotten Victims of the Fukushima Nuclear Disaster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGWKL_PBUs8&pp=sAQA

1294.  The Furniture Salesman that Saved Houston Mattress Mack.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Y6xXGiXiJw&pp=sAQA

1295.  The Future of Cannabis Black Market vs Legitimate Dispensaries Debate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hABqeig8tCw&pp=sAQA

1296.  The Future of Energy (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zd8O5YE8Uak&pp=sAQA

1297.  The Future of Gaming with HALO Franchise Director Frank O'Connor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vkEIeaPCXw&pp=sAQA

1298.  The Gadget That Measures How Strong Your Weed Smells.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Euxs_EUUsHU&pp=sAQA

1299.  The Gamer Who Flew “Killer Drones” for the US Army  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyaRfhBBYTI&pp=sAQA

1300.  The Gangs That Steal Your Puppies  Crimewave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1yi_mUwIA8&pp=sAQA

1301.  The Gayest Place on Earth Provincetown Bear Week  Balls Deep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzV2omlPEzI&pp=sAQA

1302.  The Graphic Designer Solving Cold Case Murders.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r86eID8R8O8&pp=sAQA

1303.  The Great MDMA Drought and Its Deadly Consequences  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUNvLPNLxSw&pp=sAQA

1304.  The Greatest Literary Scandal of Our Time 'Author The Story of JT LeRoy' - Official Trailer [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRjSiUG4CtM&pp=sAQA

1305.  The Greatest Trump Impersonator on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkPx5vVxP9s&pp=sAQA

1306.  The Greeks Who Pray to Zeus VICE INTL (Greece).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBpNu4_TP9w&pp=sAQA

1307.  The Grind Whaling in the Faroe Islands (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9uVki-69Pk&pp=sAQA

1308.  The Guardian Angel of Guatemala Profiles by VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjjIcsuBYos&pp=sAQA

1309.  The Hackers Searching for Missing Children  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_uYVH5cZW8&pp=sAQA

1310.  The Hard Lives of Britain's Synthetic Marijuana Addicts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6pmc7Tpx4w&pp=sAQA

1311.  The Hardcore World of Deathmatch Wrestling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JWmLw5DR2Y&pp=sAQA

1312.  The Head of a Satanic Temple Explains Satanism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQz0ZXaTC6Y&pp=sAQA

1313.  The Hidden Symbols of Thailand's Pro-Democracy Protests.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1yXBDKYxEg&pp=sAQA

1314.  The Hired Guns of the Indian Heartland  Created with Prime Original Mirzapur.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngzNjhAiF8k&pp=sAQA

1315.  The Holiday Gift Guide No One Asked For.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnZaWUiXDC0&pp=sAQA

1316.  The Homeless Man Who Made a Horror Movie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-aV9cOiSBE&pp=sAQA

1317.  The Hornet Boy Collecting Wasp Nests as Therapy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJ2YAefNaYk&pp=sAQA

1318.  The Horrors of Being a Facebook Moderator  Informer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHGbWn6iwHw&pp=sAQA

1319.  The Human Panda is Back Latest on VICE (October 25, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7P088xjItA&pp=sAQA

1320.  The Hunt for Fossil Fuel on Anticosti Island.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlbhx3WNXmQ&pp=sAQA

1321.  The Ice Beard Surfers of Lake Superior  Local Legends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vo1BzyBwZ1E&pp=sAQA

1322.  The Illegal Big Cats of Instagram.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Euo3JaqFoss&pp=sAQA

1323.  The Illegal Trash Volcano Burning in Kalymnos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDgczitNWqg&pp=sAQA

1324.  The Incredibly Strange, Sad Story Behind The World's Most Ambitious Demo Tape.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pI24MkekW8&pp=sAQA

1325.  The Indian Gangster Arsenal Disposable Guns & Assault Rifles  Created with Prime Original Mirzapur.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZbU2Vimp7s&pp=sAQA

1326.  The Indigenous Artist Using Performance to Preserve Tradition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdjBTBu8PEk&pp=sAQA

1327.  The Indonesian Teenagers Competing in Illegal Drag Races.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQNC_KNgSJY&pp=sAQA

1328.  The Infamous Leader of Indonesia's Debt Forgiveness Cult.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ec2WLyUtbA&pp=sAQA

1329.  The Invincible ‘Super Rats’ Genetically Resistant to Poison.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_Mn2ldOSCQ&pp=sAQA

1330.  The Iranian Drones That Save Lives (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z18wzXySuoA&pp=sAQA

1331.  The Iron-Assed Walnut-Cracking World Record Holder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnp-EPFcWjw&pp=sAQA

1332.  The Italian Artist Making Sculptures in Isolation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6yAsOfUrCU&pp=sAQA

1333.  The Jim Norton Show 'Freeway' Rick Ross (Interview).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kPbFwj5x34&pp=sAQA

1334.  The Jim Norton Show 'Freeway' Rick Ross (Monologue).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqT466_xvnU&pp=sAQA

1335.  The Jim Norton Show (Teaser #1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6W8UiuGBBdU&pp=sAQA

1336.  The Jim Norton Show (Teaser #2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWjFjTx-HOU&pp=sAQA

1337.  The Jim Norton Show Accidental Racism (Sketch).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfBL82nH2YI&pp=sAQA

1338.  The Jim Norton Show Dave Attell, Rich Vos, and Sherrod Small (Monologue).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSSAHlS47ro&pp=sAQA

1339.  The Jim Norton Show Heckle Therapy (Sketch) feat. Gibert Gottfried.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cddxnbwbxXg&pp=sAQA

1340.  The Jim Norton Show Mike Tyson and Dana White (Interview).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9Glb7aBv1A&pp=sAQA

1341.  The Jim Norton Show Mike Tyson and Dana White (Monologue).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySh9gdJeEAY&pp=sAQA

1342.  The Jim Norton Show Mike Tyson and Dana White (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wn-TWuSV_t4&pp=sAQA

1343.  The Jim Norton Show Mike Tyson and Dana White (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Q3fUqw9SlM&pp=sAQA

1344.  The Jim Norton Show One Step Too Far - Parcheesi (Sketch).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPz86bBP_gg&pp=sAQA

1345.  The Jim Norton Show One Step Too Far – Dirty Talk (Sketch).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0bLtU07vo8&pp=sAQA

1346.  The Jim Norton Show Race Relations (MOS) feat. Sherrod Small & Rich Vos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlOT_oA8H_c&pp=sAQA

1347.  The Jim Norton Show Uncle Mingle (Sketch).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aYUrqVCodw&pp=sAQA

1348.  The Jim Norton Show Whitney Cummings (Monologue).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J19Jv1BMgu8&pp=sAQA

1349.  The Junk King of Texas  Local Legends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm0PYiiz_Jw&pp=sAQA

1350.  The Kids Are Not Alright The Mental Health Crisis Affecting Latina Teens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bovfmAZZMc&pp=sAQA

1351.  The Killer Robot Takeover is Inevitable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0M4JMhXNNOg&pp=sAQA

1352.  The Lab Making Sure Your Legal Weed Is Safe to Smoke.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWuhnegurHk&pp=sAQA

1353.  The Lady Pimp of Tattoos Annette LaRue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hJfVQBS55I&pp=sAQA

1354.  The Lake That Burned Down A Forest (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyEQXRg6SHI&pp=sAQA

1355.  The Last Farmer in Fukushima's Post-Nuclear Wasteland VICE INTL (Japan).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gs-q-2893uw&pp=sAQA

1356.  The Last Man of Mahana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD5Wtmt7UMo&pp=sAQA

1357.  The Last of the Skin Tapping Tradition of Papua New Guinea  Under the Ink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToMrpxcvCqw&pp=sAQA

1358.  The Last Photos Taken Before Being Captured by the Taliban I Developing News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xt5G10wm8Z8&pp=sAQA

1359.  The Last Week of High School in Gary, Indiana  Balls Deep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Plqd8APvln0&pp=sAQA

1360.  The Law that Lets Cops Steal Your Stuff  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgjEIbgugQk&pp=sAQA

1361.  The Legendary Black Redneck  My Life Online.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5zW5AMxBOs&pp=sAQA

1362.  The Life & Death of Amy Winehouse VICE Talks Film with 'Amy' Director Asif Kapadia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQb0efIQRCE&pp=sAQA

1363.  The Life and Death of Tommy Chaos & Stacey Danger VICE Shorts (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1drH4imQdqk&pp=sAQA

1364.  The Life and Sex Scandal of Chinese Star and Streetwear Icon Edison Chen (Part 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luYRIML-wJw&pp=sAQA

1365.  The Life and Sex Scandal of Chinese Star and Streetwear Icon Edison Chen (Part 33).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVJoRbjouAM&pp=sAQA

1366.  The Life and Sex Scandal of Chinese Superstar Edison Chen (Part 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qd5QHhm193w&pp=sAQA

1367.  The Lingerie Brand Doing What Victoria’s Secret Won’t.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlNNzqwGJBw&pp=sAQA

1368.  The Little Person Who Supports Dwarf Tossing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5ynNWwPFNQ&pp=sAQA

1369.  The Lives of Somalis through the Lens of War Profiles by VICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HRjFLqrudLg&pp=sAQA

1370.  The London Anarchist Group Squatting Mansions to Fight Homelessness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0OVvi29Pm0&pp=sAQA

1371.  The Mafia Kids of Reggio Calabria, Italy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtTuc_XvnKY&pp=sAQA

1372.  The Making of 'Prince' (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gimpIc7l_Nk&pp=sAQA

1373.  The Making of 'Prince' (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBUejDzHZH4&pp=sAQA

1374.  The Making of 'Prince' (Part 4 ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9o4-2XuyZw&pp=sAQA

1375.  The Making of 'Prince' (Part 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmD3kUbSFb4&pp=sAQA

1376.  The Making of 'Prince' - Diamonds in the Rough (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXav19sVF2A&pp=sAQA

1377.  The Man Behind Hollywood's Most Controversial Sex Tapes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1TCvohRY64&pp=sAQA

1378.  The Man Bigger Than the Meme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Q26YeiYMHM&pp=sAQA

1379.  The Media Lies About Drugs  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzSzcm7JPoI&pp=sAQA

1380.  The Million Dollar Game eSports (Part 55).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDbM_gYAEb0&pp=sAQA

1381.  The Miraculous Life of El Niño Fidencio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFlvUdqLlbo&pp=sAQA

1382.  The Mobile Love Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9V3fLUSQFM&pp=sAQA

1383.  The Moment President Obama First Meets Federal Inmates Fixing the System (Teaser).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wmdvo81IvlU&pp=sAQA

1384.  The Moped Gangs of London UK Bikelife.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgRaJZlqwzw&pp=sAQA

1385.  The Mormon War on Porn  Slutever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PnOh5l80d8&pp=sAQA

1386.  The Most Dangerous Conspiracy Theory in the World  Truth Hurts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7o3bVInA2A&pp=sAQA

1387.  The Most English Photo Ever Taken in History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coisqPyfAUU&pp=sAQA

1388.  The Most Expensive Dog in the World VICE INTL (China).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLBzjNlp1Ak&pp=sAQA

1389.  The Most Expensive Rehab in the World  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_J3nVC0GoVg&pp=sAQA

1390.  The Most Sought After Tattooer, Dr. Woo  Tattoo Age Episode 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtlYHsJ2hC8&pp=sAQA

1391.  The Motel for the Homeless & Ex-Prisoners (Part 2 The Stay Inn).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O81exY3iL9I&pp=sAQA

1392.  The Motel for the Homeless & Ex-Prisoners (Part 3 The Stay Inn).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2km943tTfA&pp=sAQA

1393.  The Motel for the Homeless and Ex-Prisoners The Stay Inn (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyMlwIiZDRE&pp=sAQA

1394.  The Murder of Charlene Downes (Part 1 of 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZAVs7LIk-I&pp=sAQA

1395.  The Mysterious Death of Gino Hernandez  Dark Side of the Ring (Director's Cut).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boNibGd0WZ4&pp=sAQA

1396.  The Mystery of the Masked Man Who Conned a Village  Mystery Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUIpyrQF5eY&pp=sAQA

1397.  The Neapolitan Blood Ritual  World Without Planes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZT3F9ab96II&pp=sAQA

1398.  The Nepalese Honey That Makes People Hallucinate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDOvmhqvIA8&pp=sAQA

1399.  The New Entrepreneurs of Outer Space Latest on VICE (November 2, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYIBQoAfvf4&pp=sAQA

1400.  The New Space Race & Closing Gitmo (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 18).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G--2Ooutr0&pp=sAQA

1401.  The New Wave of American Masculinity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzgDtmAGeBg&pp=sAQA

1402.  The New Wave of Ultra-Violent Ugandan DIY Action Cinema Wakaliwood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy0OOVTmsJI&pp=sAQA

1403.  The Nexus of Crime and Politics in India  Created with Prime Original Mirzapur.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7PHQr3H3O4&pp=sAQA

1404.  The Nightmare World of Gang Stalking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LPS7E-0tuA&pp=sAQA

1405.  The Opioid Crisis Sweeping Africa  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4MZEkFu8PE&pp=sAQA

1406.  The Opioid Effect An Ohio Family Rebuilds After Addiction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfe8pol6OG4&pp=sAQA

1407.  The Opioid Effect Maine's Fishing Community Battles with Heroin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N82L1O8nDnQ&pp=sAQA

1408.  The Origin of Melania Trump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pf-2nJAU47w&pp=sAQA

1409.  The Osiris D3 The Most Controversial Skate Shoe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPpL01PY7iY&pp=sAQA

1410.  The People Vs. The Last Festival on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3Qxd25g9Sc&pp=sAQA

1411.  The Person Behind the Viral Tom Cruise Deepfake  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7-B8S734T4&pp=sAQA

1412.  The Pet Performers Who Get Paid to Act Like Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9W1cEv-Cfkw&pp=sAQA

1413.  The Pioneer of Texas Tattooing Chris Trevino  Tattoo Age.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSvONAOsmac&pp=sAQA

1414.  The Pioneers of Canada’s Illegal Cannabis Edibles Markets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhnM7s4BQRE&pp=sAQA

1415.  The Pirate's POV Behind the Scenes of 'Fishing Without Nets' (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCpm75mXUFE&pp=sAQA

1416.  The Plan to End HIV For Good The Truvada Revolution (Part 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYwtMorZbdY&pp=sAQA

1417.  The Pleasure of Drawing Colin Jost.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qShSGVHqs78&pp=sAQA

1418.  The Politics of Food (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NK3-Cy33pKs&pp=sAQA

1419.  The Post-Apocalyptic Car Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQ-L77VLjoE&pp=sAQA

1420.  The Pregnant Doc Telling the Truth About COVID-19  Informer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOl2-xI76tI&pp=sAQA

1421.  The Protesters Who Stopped a Deportation Flight - The Stansted 15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNoK_kac7_g&pp=sAQA

1422.  The Psychedelic Healing Power of Ayahuasca.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaOfFixoxP8&pp=sAQA

1423.  The Psychology Behind the Distracted Boyfriend Meme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ue-Pje3fab0&pp=sAQA

1424.  The QAnon Conspiracy Theory, Donald Trump and Covid-19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmiOt94WIVU&pp=sAQA

1425.  The Rampant Refugee Crisis in Greece A Broken System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=431Vspkwy3A&pp=sAQA

1426.  The Real 'Mad Men' (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYtgf4i15Z0&pp=sAQA

1427.  The Real 'True Detective'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5JkBs4lJak&pp=sAQA

1428.  The Real 'Wolf of Wall Street' (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgeR2JEFIxM&pp=sAQA

1429.  The Real 'Wolf of Wall Street'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxjICDji92I&pp=sAQA

1430.  The Real 'X-Files'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o92V9JEzbIU&pp=sAQA

1431.  The Real Don Draper From 'Mad Men'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnqBe2sWbHc&pp=sAQA

1432.  The Real Kenny Powers From 'Eastbound and Down' (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCqZXSoZ2Tw&pp=sAQA

1433.  The Real Kenny Powers From 'Eastbound and Down'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSPkj2rNHZ4&pp=sAQA

1434.  The Real Life Robin Hood Stole 800 KGs of Gold  Fakes, Frauds and Scammers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJH7WkfCyco&pp=sAQA

1435.  The Real Loch Ness Monster  Mystery Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBA6H-_Dbzo&pp=sAQA

1436.  The Real Nancy Botwin From 'Weeds'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ret9c0d_PAg&pp=sAQA

1437.  The Real Rick Ross and a Young Drug Dealer Talk Game  Back in My Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KWAdwumLH4&pp=sAQA

1438.  The Real Saul Goodman from 'Breaking Bad' and 'Better Call Saul'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAVsBfOjc4c&pp=sAQA

1439.  The Real Superheroes of Montreal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbIW3U7t6Eo&pp=sAQA

1440.  The Real Vampires of 'True Blood'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XmdsiyjbT0&pp=sAQA

1441.  The Real Wolverine is in Milwaukee  Local Legends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDxixx4i7fg&pp=sAQA

1442.  The Real-Life Nightcrawler of Toronto.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSpfVGZcDHk&pp=sAQA

1443.  The Real-Life Silicon Valley Hacker Hotel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6USmuc6RX00&pp=sAQA

1444.  The Reality of Defunding the Police  States of Unrest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkNrHLSs7dU&pp=sAQA

1445.  The Reality of Legalizing Cocaine, Heroin, and Ecstasy  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haT4FrOYPtk&pp=sAQA

1446.  The Redemption of the Devil - Official Trailer [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cy0l6gjoYs&pp=sAQA

1447.  The Reich Reenactors VICE Reports.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QLCPeQs1WE&pp=sAQA

1448.  The Reoffenders Who Can't Stay Out of Jail (Part 12)  Rule Britannia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3mkGkhnPp4&pp=sAQA

1449.  The Return of NYC's Guardian Angels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udrI-sGZYSI&pp=sAQA

1450.  The Return of the Black Death (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELKQdim-mpc&pp=sAQA

1451.  The Return of the Black Death VICE Reports (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ofsy84dpGKU&pp=sAQA

1452.  The Return of the Black Death VICE Reports (Part 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPHcE4rkKFA&pp=sAQA

1453.  The Return of the Black Death VICE Reports (Part 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEGd7GkCaWU&pp=sAQA

1454.  The Right-Wing Latinos of Miami Proud Boys and Refugees.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9Qa1f29diE&pp=sAQA

1455.  The Rise and Fall of an Alt-Right Gladiator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgeiJHkDvRo&pp=sAQA

1456.  The Rise and Rise of Psychedelics  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lld8KpTW8RA&pp=sAQA

1457.  The Rise of A$AP Rocky SVDDXNLY (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsmC8Ei06vs&pp=sAQA

1458.  The Rise of Acid Attacks in the UK VICE Reports.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EscjYGHKHxM&pp=sAQA

1459.  The Rise of Brazil’s Biggest Prison Gang  Dogs of War.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yI5QLqYcZ0E&pp=sAQA

1460.  The Rise of Demon Exorcism in Mexico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKKS8Kp3_so&pp=sAQA

1461.  The Rise of France’s Far Right Youth  Decade of Hate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7deTQz2YMxI&pp=sAQA

1462.  The Rise of Homophobia in Uganda Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOvbvZqAbj0&pp=sAQA

1463.  The Rise of Italy's Far Right  Decade of Hate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBR4AxCZbt0&pp=sAQA

1464.  The Rise of New Conservative Figures in 2021  States of Unrest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnS2CTmdA0A&pp=sAQA

1465.  The Rise of the Crisis Actor Conspiracy Movement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=To91BJGKr5I&pp=sAQA

1466.  The River People of the Amazon  Unknown Amazon with Pedro Andrade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEFScfbpJRU&pp=sAQA

1467.  The Road to DreamHack Inside the Competitive World of SMITE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3vGqQjj_6U&pp=sAQA

1468.  The Road to Mortal Kombat 11 - American Obsessions  Created with WB Games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RtAl7OpDt4&pp=sAQA

1469.  The Rough Road Ahead Essential Workers Continue to Make Do  Essentials Episode 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CditmrwFzDM&pp=sAQA

1470.  The RV Delivering A Drug to End Addiction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2Vr7qIPsho&pp=sAQA

1471.  The Sacred Art of the Japanese Tattoo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy6rdkBC13Y&pp=sAQA

1472.  The Satanic Temple's Protest for First Amendment Rights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AOX-_HdFKQ&pp=sAQA

1473.  The Secret Confessions of a Bartender.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ui7OVsgQRnM&pp=sAQA

1474.  The Secret Confessions of a Dominatrix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vvp9hbVz8Vs&pp=sAQA

1475.  The Secret Confessions of a Serial Cheater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59I1q1kYkao&pp=sAQA

1476.  The Secret Confessions of an Addict.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uUfRKNssf0&pp=sAQA

1477.  The Secret Confessions of an Internet Troll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BQp3V_34BE&pp=sAQA

1478.  The Secret History of Cabbage Patch Kids  American Obsessions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSk84zU1RuM&pp=sAQA

1479.  The Self-Proclaimed Bimbo Doll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2GNnA-JF18&pp=sAQA

1480.  The Sensei Teaching Self-Defense to Brooklyn's Jewish Community.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VXRRoSnbm4&pp=sAQA

1481.  The Shark Hunters of Japan (Part 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3UpAGRJ9XM&pp=sAQA

1482.  The Shark Hunters of Japan (Part 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ACVQvGYnxM&pp=sAQA

1483.  The Ship Breakers of Bangladesh VICE INTL (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ndxu57SUPWU&pp=sAQA

1484.  The Ship Breakers of Bangladesh VICE INTL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JU0DXdAhdsA&pp=sAQA

1485.  The Shittiest Job in the Country.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTXGvkC147Y&pp=sAQA

1486.  The Silent HIV Crisis Sweeping the American South.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOSN1bKG3zQ&pp=sAQA

1487.  The Skate Barrier Cult.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1rGU57lgqg&pp=sAQA

1488.  The Skateboard Hero Who Fought a Terrorist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgZKoMJAO80&pp=sAQA

1489.  The Slanguage of Orgasmic Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGG7O8iOdbw&pp=sAQA

1490.  The Soccer Fans Who Literally Worship Diego Maradona.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxSXvxchNr4&pp=sAQA

1491.  The South Korean Love Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYcEXCy4izY&pp=sAQA

1492.  The Startup Revolutionizing Medical Marijuana Deliveries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qs9mShKcVBc&pp=sAQA

1493.  The Store That Only Stocks 'Jerry Maguire' VHS Tapes  American Obsessions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExED_i3k0iQ&pp=sAQA

1494.  The Story Behind the Iconic ‘Tank Man’ Photo  Developing News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngppWpBKRZE&pp=sAQA

1495.  The Story of 'Last Resort' by Papa Roach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XO7Xb-OvQXA&pp=sAQA

1496.  The Story of A Thousand Miles by Vanessa Carlton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLO_57IV6Zc&pp=sAQA

1497.  The Story of Blue (Da Ba Dee) by Eiffel 65.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epnsRRPtoeU&pp=sAQA

1498.  The Story of Thong Song by Sisqó.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0S1buCBwGI&pp=sAQA

1499.  The Story of “It Wasn’t Me” by Shaggy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNqgWvHa3LQ&pp=sAQA

1500.  The Struggle of Being Gay in Albania.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbdNh6p8RKo&pp=sAQA

1501.  The Superhuman World of Wim Hof The Iceman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VaMjhwFE1Zw&pp=sAQA

1502.  The Tattoo Artist Reclaiming the Black Panther  Under the Ink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiQy72J33CU&pp=sAQA

1503.  The Tattoo Artist with Terminal Cancer Immortalized in Ink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eTBHwEjNP8&pp=sAQA

1504.  The Teenage Brexit Fanclub.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBUxDpOc0oU&pp=sAQA

1505.  The Teenage Pageant Girls Who Kill and Skin Rattlesnakes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lj3GQPWafJc&pp=sAQA

1506.  The Teenager Suing the US Government over Climate Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXBR5ZrKdws&pp=sAQA

1507.  The Third Industrial Revolution A Radical New Sharing Economy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QX3M8Ka9vUA&pp=sAQA

1508.  The TikTok Murder Cleanup Team  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmoeMJDe_Es&pp=sAQA

1509.  The Top 5 Manga of All Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcSX4Bqp1yg&pp=sAQA

1510.  The Town with More Dogs than People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fELsP0VCXLc&pp=sAQA

1511.  The Toxic Mud Volcano That Wiped Out Entire Villages  I Was There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1Ilu4I8AbE&pp=sAQA

1512.  The Trouble With Mom - 'Munchausen' - VICE Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9Rxu5uW41Q&pp=sAQA

1513.  The Truth About Ecstasy  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZMETFXFE24&pp=sAQA

1514.  The Truth About Furries Fandom Not Fetish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2XeOxWW2oY&pp=sAQA

1515.  The Truth Behind Hollywood's Biggest Stories The Real (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnBcOsMYkpc&pp=sAQA

1516.  The Truth Behind Serbia's Notorious Witchcraft Subculture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKN8WxSoGns&pp=sAQA

1517.  The Two Kids Who Remade Indiana Jones Shot for Shot American Obsessions (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lrmihm0zY8c&pp=sAQA

1518.  The Two Scottish Rappers Who Conned the World  Fakes, Frauds and Scammers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xc8SqlZkjF4&pp=sAQA

1519.  The UK's Young Reoffenders Rule Britannia (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkAvexxFhIs&pp=sAQA

1520.  The Unbelievable Practice of Paper Art.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUd57qIeX4A&pp=sAQA

1521.  The Unfortunate Truth About Oxford University  Empires of Dirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFq8jyqvlj0&pp=sAQA

1522.  The Urban Laboratory in the Desert  Supported by Marriott Bonvoy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U787b23Af50&pp=sAQA

1523.  The Veterans Who Protect Colorado's Legal Weed Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sizKTRmeonI&pp=sAQA

1524.  The Viagra Epidemic Among Young Men And Its Dangers  High Society.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0IdDh7iqBQ&pp=sAQA

1525.  The Vicar of Baghdad (Part 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnLzdakPXYY&pp=sAQA

1526.  The Vicar of Baghdad (Part 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G03NQBF6Hb8&pp=sAQA

1527.  The Vicar of Baghdad (Part 33).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ev1cbH1FISk&pp=sAQA

1528.  The VICE Guide to the 2015 UK Election Intro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEIwNJJehy4&pp=sAQA

1529.  The War on Drugs is Designed to Discriminate  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xf5qFIpJ2sk&pp=sAQA

1530.  The War to Live in London Regeneration Game (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82tgwk1IWIE&pp=sAQA

1531.  The War to Live in London Regeneration Game (Part 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e28apcPyRAo&pp=sAQA

1532.  The War to Live in London Regeneration Game (Part 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iibwLrnKK0g&pp=sAQA

1533.  The War to Live in London Regeneration Game (Part 33).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8RdsRYxgN8&pp=sAQA

1534.  The Watchdogs Surveilling Border Patrol and ICE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_ILl04HBME&pp=sAQA

1535.  The Wolfpack (2015) - Official Trailer [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDbqcMfUdlI&pp=sAQA

1536.  The Wolfpack - 'Mirror Heart' (Short Film).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QX2WXlb2uf4&pp=sAQA

1537.  The Wolfpack - The Making of 'Mirror Heart'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MynueLsTpI&pp=sAQA

1538.  The Woman Who Married a 300-Year-Old Ghost Pirate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEdTlUR3yaA&pp=sAQA

1539.  The Women of the Men's Rights Movement Profiles by VICE (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6dC0AQ25xU&pp=sAQA

1540.  The World's Biggest Ventriloquist Convention.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4qED6eKJN0&pp=sAQA

1541.  The World's Most Controversial K-Pop Group.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rse0HGWdZ68&pp=sAQA

1542.  The World's Worst Oil Related Disaster You've Never Heard Of  I Was There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikneKQAeUp0&pp=sAQA

1543.  The World’s First Biodegradable Glitter Brand - Created with W Hotels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OvgSWLHwbY&pp=sAQA

1544.  The World’s First Flat Earth Football Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57FbfttWBoc&pp=sAQA

1545.  The World’s First Solar Car  Extinction Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Lldh1_pBYA&pp=sAQA

1546.  The World’s Weirdest Skateboarder Takes on the Mega Ramp  Post Radical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6XkVVpxNGQ&pp=sAQA

1547.  The Worst Movie Ever Made The True Story of 'Birdemic'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZoFNVhEfpE&pp=sAQA

1548.  The Worst Pickup Artist Ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01Xd5doM5so&pp=sAQA

1549.  The Worst Tattoos Stories Dew Tour Edition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxWvS8hqqek&pp=sAQA

1550.  The Wrestling Hero of Albuquerque  Local Legends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrm2OwW1Lns&pp=sAQA

1551.  The Young Black Conservatives of Trump’s America.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWam9FSRvGI&pp=sAQA

1552.  The Young Criminal Reoffenders of the UK (Part 22)  Rule Britannia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANjv2pJfFMQ&pp=sAQA

1553.  The YouTube Star Who Kills Animals For Fur.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wyAzTAyhDg&pp=sAQA

1554.  The YouTuber Who Can Disappear with Makeup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjA7cdqsHR0&pp=sAQA

1555.  The Zen Master of NYC.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oz1ZXPMs1d0&pp=sAQA

1556.  The “Socially Harmful” Cult that Believes in Aliens & Double Orgasms I False Gods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kASJzrPl_9Y&pp=sAQA

1557.  These Cactus Store Owners are Competing with the Black Market - Created with W Hotels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0J2m_jR1bA&pp=sAQA

1558.  These Illegal Drugs Are Important Medicines  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odHk_oUvew8&pp=sAQA

1559.  Thieves Explain How Not To Get Robbed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xe0Ii5hshJM&pp=sAQA

1560.  This Alien Channeler Says He Speaks to Extraterrestrials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cjxqwmAJHQ&pp=sAQA

1561.  This Director Turned Years of AIDS Activism into a Feature Film.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uhu96Ft4RpY&pp=sAQA

1562.  This Dishwasher Charges $60K to Design Custom Guns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnETVMI4tY8&pp=sAQA

1563.  This Dude Destroys $35,000 Sneakers to Create Gas Masks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfbNY2G64G8&pp=sAQA

1564.  This Flat Earther Thinks NASA is Lying to You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPRJzNc876A&pp=sAQA

1565.  This Guy Organizes Pub Crawls at Red Light District Amsterdam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aML83vqfZ48&pp=sAQA

1566.  This is England '90 & The Death of Subculture VICE Talks Film with Shane Meadows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hM2anoZae1A&pp=sAQA

1567.  This is How We Legalize Weed  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ki6wG3cbg08&pp=sAQA

1568.  This Is What Life Is Like with a Gigantic Penis Monster Meat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-IXx4tkTF0&pp=sAQA

1569.  This is What Mars Colonies Could Be Like in 2035.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QodPNv_XIow&pp=sAQA

1570.  This Job Is Being Replaced by an Algorithm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8A30CL2GHs&pp=sAQA

1571.  This Man Composed Music for Hundreds of Pornos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUooVg8T_x4&pp=sAQA

1572.  This Man Exposed 40K Voters Purged by Mistake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5jK4BzbgXw&pp=sAQA

1573.  This Man Has Visited Over 15,000 Starbucks Stores in 22 Years.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfzeRrHeq-I&pp=sAQA

1574.  This Married Couple Practices BDSM 247.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtYMBcm7KDQ&pp=sAQA

1575.  This NASA Engineer's Vaporizer Takes a 'Quantum Leap' Above the Competition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5UjalVEPSY&pp=sAQA

1576.  This Photo Perfectly Illustrates University in The UK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4dJiAUynEY&pp=sAQA

1577.  This Precision Weed Cooker Helps You Make Edibles in a Flash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqTuUd9-ytg&pp=sAQA

1578.  This Santa Delivers Presents in a Lowrider  Local Legends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_p8y7Cd2-gs&pp=sAQA

1579.  Thomas Morton Compares the Trump Movement to Classic Literature.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVogcEdpnoQ&pp=sAQA

1580.  Thomas Morton Explains Pentecostal Tent Revival Slanguage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_iPZbjdAzk&pp=sAQA

1581.  Thomas Morton Goes Pentecostal (BALLS DEEP - Tent Preachin' Clip).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwrsJnf3WKc&pp=sAQA

1582.  Thomas Morton on the Slanguage of Ramadan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ws-j09BDjk&pp=sAQA

1583.  Thomas Morton on What You Should and Shouldn't Read About Sheep Ranchers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtcUQOLt0EA&pp=sAQA

1584.  Thomas Morton's Required Reading List About College.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQI80sKYyGQ&pp=sAQA

1585.  Threats & Tats Afghanistan’s ‘Forbidden’ Tattoo Artist  Under the Ink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huh1gFTQzM0&pp=sAQA

1586.  Tim Heidecker Takes Wild Trip Down Memory Lane during a Guided Meditation  Inside My Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTHbMAR6ZuQ&pp=sAQA

1587.  Times Square Was Once The Red Light District of New York City  I Was There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sn1ggsuE5SU&pp=sAQA

1588.  To Serve & Protect  Coming to America (VICE on HBO Season 3, Episode 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q22c-tCw4-s&pp=sAQA

1589.  To Serve and Protect VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8aZaUgFZss&pp=sAQA

1590.  Todd Haynes on David Bowie, 'Carol', and Falling In Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMoe1hK37LU&pp=sAQA

1591.  Toronto's Cannabis Candyland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mPINKOuwGM&pp=sAQA

1592.  Touring the Compound of a Millionaire Trump Supporter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gYhv4MtInQ&pp=sAQA

1593.  Toxic Air in Steam Valley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPpNlct8Lu0&pp=sAQA

1594.  Toxic Air Might be Mutating Human DNA + 4 Other Horror Climate Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU3C8o8I6GQ&pp=sAQA

1595.  Tracking Down Serbia's Danube River Pirates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qik4yA4istc&pp=sAQA

1596.  Tracy Droz Tragos and the American Heartland of 'Rich Hill' VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7Bk3hVW6ao&pp=sAQA

1597.  Trailer Behind the Scenes of Palo Alto A film by Jacqui Getty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvj6PLgdKrg&pp=sAQA

1598.  Training UK's Teenage Cadets for Combat Rule Britannia (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtzMJXrCkw4&pp=sAQA

1599.  Training UK's Teenage Cadets for Combat Rule Britannia (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7I2zYgq70s&pp=sAQA

1600.  Transgender People of Conservative India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dc7BRVJRA5c&pp=sAQA

1601.  Transsexual Iran Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25K9qzYfTF4&pp=sAQA

1602.  Trapped Inside The Burning Grenfell Tower  Source Material.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyT9p7znbqU&pp=sAQA

1603.  Trawling Winnipeg's Rivers for the Bodies of Unsolved Murder Cases.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8iDzIQW0XE&pp=sAQA

1604.  Trolling the Elections with Canadian Kenny Hotz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N04futpI7pc&pp=sAQA

1605.  Trump in Dubai & China in Africa (VICE on HBO Season 4, Episode 10).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBBkjmMlb9U&pp=sAQA

1606.  Trump Tattoos are Free at this Local Shop  Local legends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9W9rH82QZc&pp=sAQA

1607.  Trying Tantric Yoga to Improve My Sex Life  Balls Deep Episode 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAmRu7pzfKQ&pp=sAQA

1608.  Turning 12-Year-Olds Into Drug Dealers  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQV3rQ3Hr_E&pp=sAQA

1609.  Turning Roadkill into Art.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4VnrXh4Rq4&pp=sAQA

1610.  Two Generations of Models on the Evolution of Fashion  Back in My Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ooVm0qLn0k&pp=sAQA

1611.  Two Generations of Porn Stars Discuss How the Industry has Changed  Back in My Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pf4O5iG62pA&pp=sAQA

1612.  Two Generations of Tattoo Artists on the Evolution of Tattooing  Back in My Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPT5TPZ3YRo&pp=sAQA

1613.  Unbranded Sex Trafficking Tattoo Removal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtbG4IN00-o&pp=sAQA

1614.  Uncovering a Secret FBI Spy Plane Program  Super Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgTb_mYzeOI&pp=sAQA

1615.  Undercover Cop Tricks Autistic Student into Selling Him Weed (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8af0QPhJ22s&pp=sAQA

1616.  Undercover Cop Tricks Autistic Student into Selling Him Weed (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qPsPSPo5RQ&pp=sAQA

1617.  Underground Barber Shops Under Quarantine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUHcvKy1eNg&pp=sAQA

1618.  Underground Bare Knuckle Boxing in the UK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9UZBg1pMS4&pp=sAQA

1619.  Underground NYPD Boxing Matches Precinct vs. Precinct.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUQ91GYmHiA&pp=sAQA

1620.  Underground Street Racers (Smoke Show EP1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8AFm78Bi88&pp=sAQA

1621.  Unidentified Corpses on the Streets of Karachi, Pakistan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITBby2dU3Uw&pp=sAQA

1622.  Using BDSM to Cope With Trauma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mo4mF-17lVQ&pp=sAQA

1623.  Vampire Sleepover In Serbia  World Without Planes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQgPYbE6ZIM&pp=sAQA

1624.  Vampires, Bitcoins, & Coral Cities Latest on VICE (February 7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AK_SvRgL6hI&pp=sAQA

1625.  Vegan Eats Own Blood By Baking It Into A Meringue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrcx7ZhjYo0&pp=sAQA

1626.  Venice Shoreline Crip Turned Street Tattoo Artist  Under the Ink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahaUWQXeou0&pp=sAQA

1627.  Venus X Wants to Party the Pain Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yIlYZRse-Ik&pp=sAQA

1628.  VICE 20th Jarvis Cocker - If the Kids Are United.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSKp-hj-87Y&pp=sAQA

1629.  VICE 20th Jarvis Cocker Performs Celine Dion's Power of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOWZP9XmDfo&pp=sAQA

1630.  VICE 20th Stephen Malkmus - Remedy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPZYcscX0Us&pp=sAQA

1631.  VICE Documentary Films Presents Shelter (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TKsvl24GTY&pp=sAQA

1632.  VICE Founder Shane Smith Interviews the Visionary Behind JUNGLETOWN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6aiQbRIElrg&pp=sAQA

1633.  VICE Founder Suroosh Alvi Replies to Your Comments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0vD6jcrTqQ&pp=sAQA

1634.  VICE Guide to Comics The Top 10 Comics of All Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1h859EFSpP8&pp=sAQA

1635.  Vice Guide to Iran with Suroosh Alvi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voA0cS1JiGQ&pp=sAQA

1636.  VICE In-house Chemist Hamilton Morris on the Dangers of the NBOMe Hallucinogen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzpqJgwuQuA&pp=sAQA

1637.  VICE Meets 'Animal Love' Director Ulrich Seidl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQyBq2HZ9l8&pp=sAQA

1638.  VICE Meets 'House of Cards' Showrunner Beau Willimon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVmZ82jvvMI&pp=sAQA

1639.  VICE Meets 'My Struggle' Author Karl Ove Knausgaard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFTvESIIzEo&pp=sAQA

1640.  VICE Meets British Politician and Humanitarian David Miliband.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtJm3v42P7E&pp=sAQA

1641.  VICE Meets Michael K. Williams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDJVFqoXtj4&pp=sAQA

1642.  VICE Meets the Former Senior Executive of the Church of Scientology.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cBvqG9uIjc&pp=sAQA

1643.  VICE Meets The Men Behind The Interview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7_9ftToBjk&pp=sAQA

1644.  VICE News Tonight (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6N15OlzS-4&pp=sAQA

1645.  VICE on HBO Angelina Fanous' Debrief on Living with ALS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSI_kEU1JAs&pp=sAQA

1646.  VICE on HBO Can Feces Treat a Liver Disease (Web Extra).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vD0c5RdkYB4&pp=sAQA

1647.  VICE on HBO Debrief Thomas Morton on Fecal Transplants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_dF1N-Ckbw&pp=sAQA

1648.  VICE on HBO Season 2 Afghan Money Pit & The Pacification of Rio (Episode 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CvWJVtEkUE&pp=sAQA

1649.  VICE on HBO Season 2 Crude Awakening and The Enemy of My Enemy (Episode 9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrJlUVCe4VA&pp=sAQA

1650.  VICE on HBO Season 2 Greenland Is Melting & Bonded Labor (Episode 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Yq-sfWSWLg&pp=sAQA

1651.  VICE on HBO Season 2 Playing with Nuclear Fire and No Man Left Behind (Episode 10).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYynn9B7uns&pp=sAQA

1652.  VICE on HBO Season 2 Surveillance City and The Forgotten War (Episode 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVDvJCeCe54&pp=sAQA

1653.  VICE on HBO Season 2 The Pink Gang Rebellion and Genetic Passport (Episode 7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMnpnd0T4gE&pp=sAQA

1654.  VICE on HBO Season 2 The Resource Curse & Deliver Us from Drought (Episode 8).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpJXHkF4x8M&pp=sAQA

1655.  VICE on HBO Season 4 (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo06fL4a4AA&pp=sAQA

1656.  VICE on HBO Special Report - Fighting HIV On the Ground in South Africa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKIteYoa9ug&pp=sAQA

1657.  Vice Replies to Trumps’ Young Black Conservatives Documentary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEG67_bjvYQ&pp=sAQA

1658.  Vice Replies to Your YouTube Comments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8qgi99asoI&pp=sAQA

1659.  VICE Reports (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLqwrj2PPB0&pp=sAQA

1660.  VICE Season 3 Sneak Peek Joe Biden on Climate Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akpEtudfL1w&pp=sAQA

1661.  VICE Shorts everything & everything & everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPwYtQU5LoI&pp=sAQA

1662.  VICE Special Report A House Divided.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdVl3WvgJ50&pp=sAQA

1663.  VICE Special Report Countdown to Zero (Teaser).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1psrA0BHHY&pp=sAQA

1664.  VICE Special Report Countdown to Zero (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSps9SDi_I0&pp=sAQA

1665.  VICE Special Report Countdown to Zero - Suroosh Alvi Speaks with Bono.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfOi2KG5P3I&pp=sAQA

1666.  VICE Special Report Fighting Isis (Ben Anderson Debrief).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kae-nng77yE&pp=sAQA

1667.  VICE Special Report on Prisons 'Fixing The System' (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjWSW94-P3Y&pp=sAQA

1668.  VICE Sports Subscribe Now!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wz51wcjo6SU&pp=sAQA

1669.  VICE Talks 'Sicario' with Benicio Del Toro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aRx0_mkh4o&pp=sAQA

1670.  VICE Talks Film Joshua Oppenheimer on 'The Look of Silence'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orD_WOrEN5o&pp=sAQA

1671.  VICE Talks Film Kathryn Bigelow & Matthew Heineman on 'Cartel Land'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GmKHtIi3PQ&pp=sAQA

1672.  VICE Talks Film with '20th Century Women' Director Mike Mills.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwQ0ZFa4tbw&pp=sAQA

1673.  VICE Talks Film with 'Diary of a Teenage Girl' Actress Bel Powley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_85CzP5pJM&pp=sAQA

1674.  VICE Talks Film with 'The Tribe' actress Yana Novikova.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zX9nTMQ4fCg&pp=sAQA

1675.  VICE Talks Film with 'The Wolfpack' Director Crystal Moselle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i14OU4Brx_c&pp=sAQA

1676.  VICE Talks Film with Mike Leigh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pg2pjTTFouE&pp=sAQA

1677.  VICE Talks Weed with Justin Trudeau.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohX7EdwO1ik&pp=sAQA

1678.  VICE Turns 20, Marijuana Grandma, & Peru's War on Drugs Latest on VICE (December 13, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UshC1HoBRw&pp=sAQA

1679.  VICE's 2017 UK Election Road Trip Things Nobody Is Talking About.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKb_JkNrcxU&pp=sAQA

1680.  VICE's Debrief on America's Heroin Crisis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgzVl0Ikc70&pp=sAQA

1681.  Vietnamese Cajun is the Unsung Food Hero of New Orleans  Supported by Marriott Bonvoy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrpmpjaL6Bs&pp=sAQA

1682.  Vikram Gandhi's Right to Die Debrief (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xr6rb2qzdds&pp=sAQA

1683.  Visiting the 88-Acre Anarchist Skatepark in Ohio Farmland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQKRpTNna5Y&pp=sAQA

1684.  Visiting the Obama White House  Balls Deep Season 2 Episode 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCWuBofzJ5M&pp=sAQA

1685.  Wanted for Drug Trafficking Life on the Run.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inNmm_KmpD8&pp=sAQA

1686.  Watch an Israeli Police Officer Get Caught Preparing to Throw a Stun Grenade #Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvcDcHE-9Ig&pp=sAQA

1687.  Watch the First 10 Minutes of Shot! The Psycho Spiritual Mantra of Rock.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoS1Xu2CprQ&pp=sAQA

1688.  Watch This Japanese YouTube Superstar Feast on Salamanders and Hot Peppers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th3p14RCuf8&pp=sAQA

1689.  We Asked Cops About Defunding and Mental Health (Part 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKdIfDUEdZ0&pp=sAQA

1690.  We Asked Cops About Excessive Force and Racial Bias (Part 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mUYFO48cx8&pp=sAQA

1691.  We asked you about the protests. Here’s what you said..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLyC97h-2Ug&pp=sAQA

1692.  We Brought Tequila to Wine & Paint Night with Johnny Knoxville and Chris Pontius.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_bnJewd3bM&pp=sAQA

1693.  We Flew Drones Over Beach Cities on Lockdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqrPQt4PMrM&pp=sAQA

1694.  We listened to your voicemails. Here’s what you said. (PART 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fjMCVYPBcw&pp=sAQA

1695.  We listened to your voicemails. Here’s what you said. (PART 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Id9DUn1RfOk&pp=sAQA

1696.  We listened to your voicemails. Here’s what you said. (PART 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCnHEtKoqbM&pp=sAQA

1697.  We Make $3KMonth Selling Trash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iR6XFDAfLuk&pp=sAQA

1698.  We Make Porn to Pay Our Rent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgY7Ug7WiqA&pp=sAQA

1699.  We Met Sasha Lane, the Breakout Star of 'American Honey'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UmNQ_I-fAA&pp=sAQA

1700.  We Talked To a Teletubby about Sex, Fame, and Those Furry Costumes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoFQiq-u9GU&pp=sAQA

1701.  We the People Episode 3 Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sijwLYxuXt0&pp=sAQA

1702.  We the People VICE on HBO Debrief (Episode 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a15IqLYPXac&pp=sAQA

1703.  We Tried Skating On Confederate Monuments  Can You Skate It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXTlPiLHRas&pp=sAQA

1704.  We Tried Skating Our Way Into the 2019 Met Gala.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfFajGBxQbE&pp=sAQA

1705.  We Went To Gay Conversion Therapy Camp (Part 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pw1_oxgtncM&pp=sAQA

1706.  We Went to the World's Largest Skunk Convention.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcQQyeypXOk&pp=sAQA

1707.  We Will Rule the World - Global Jihad Sneak Peek (VICE on HBO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2E3l_2Hey4I&pp=sAQA

1708.  WEEDIQUETTE - Stoned Kids Beginner's Dose (Exclusive Preview).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzqDZA6EVDI&pp=sAQA

1709.  Weediquette VICE Meets the Fck It I Quit Lady.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nAkolFEm5k&pp=sAQA

1710.  Weirdest Tattoo Requests.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN4sEB1WWck&pp=sAQA

1711.  Welcome to California Soul (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEJ2zQYiszg&pp=sAQA

1712.  Werner Herzog on Virtual Reality, the Future of Humanity, and Internet Trolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAo9o7zV24A&pp=sAQA

1713.  What a Nuclear Bomb Explosion Feels Like.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLSaFerdWQE&pp=sAQA

1714.  What Binge Watching Does To Your Brain  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44maP6YAELY&pp=sAQA

1715.  What Do People on the Street Think About Aliens and the Area 51 Rush.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGveaOVIK3Y&pp=sAQA

1716.  What Happened to NYC's Naked Cowboy  Local Legends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bvyoyWZw0A&pp=sAQA

1717.  What Happens After You Die  Balls Deep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqzC9Cb_VVM&pp=sAQA

1718.  What Happens to Your Body When You Die  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otV8aHXzyzY&pp=sAQA

1719.  What it is Like to Rent Rooms at Amsterdam Red Light District.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mD2PCGZhxGs&pp=sAQA

1720.  What it Takes to be a Hong Kong Frontline Protester.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyDDk2ssbrQ&pp=sAQA

1721.  What it Takes to Launch a Sustainably Minded Fashion Brand - Created with W Hotels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VdJzT-SS48&pp=sAQA

1722.  What It's Like Being Trans on Reality Television.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEAcwBPxO3w&pp=sAQA

1723.  What It's Like to Be an Exorcist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7szlOjtKGY0&pp=sAQA

1724.  What It’s Really Like to Be a Sex Worker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxaZRZhcuVo&pp=sAQA

1725.  What Makes a Good Street Photograph - Take it or Leave it with Bruce Gilden.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNilCJTcJxA&pp=sAQA

1726.  What Professional Fortnite Looks Like for Women.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmAqdL9gQLA&pp=sAQA

1727.  What Really Happened at Standing Rock  I Was There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1yD2J8vHAk&pp=sAQA

1728.  What The Alabama Abortion Law Means for the Rest of the World  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHlI6Vjc0tI&pp=sAQA

1729.  What to Pack for War in Syria  Diary of a Combat Medic Fighting ISIS (Part 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdJJxwP8NaU&pp=sAQA

1730.  What Turns Conspiracy Theorists into Killers  Truth Hurts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mE4UhROjVxM&pp=sAQA

1731.  What We Do in the Shadows VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERVWnq7uY3E&pp=sAQA

1732.  What's Really in Your Weed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pA-nLD2rH6A&pp=sAQA

1733.  When Cheating Doesn’t Actually Count as Cheating  Kevin Gates Helpline Episode 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMFSvIh1Uhs&pp=sAQA

1734.  When Going to Work Puts Your Family at Risk  Essentials Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrj9Mv0L3gw&pp=sAQA

1735.  Where Conspiracy Theorists Steal Their Ideas From  Truth Hurts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4hpedzjQZ8&pp=sAQA

1736.  Whitney Cummings on 'The Jim Norton Show' (Teaser).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QIHVyyotwQ&pp=sAQA

1737.  Whitney Cummings The Jim Norton Show (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbp9OctYZjs&pp=sAQA

1738.  Whitney Cummings The Jim Norton Show (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syEtysG9MGg&pp=sAQA

1739.  Why Are So Many Dogs Jumping Off This Bridge  Mystery Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzG7rYSVn_0&pp=sAQA

1740.  Why Black History Month Shouldn’t Exist  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSoWSZDsWnk&pp=sAQA

1741.  Why British People Are Betting On Trump's Impeachment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hzIS7T7S4k&pp=sAQA

1742.  Why Cocaine Is Worth $150,000 Per Kilo  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01ped04I84Q&pp=sAQA

1743.  Why Conspiracy Theories Are Dangerous  Truth Hurts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7t39FZcW-o&pp=sAQA

1744.  Why Facebook's Ban on Hate Speech Won't Work  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1TZ7iTb0Xc&pp=sAQA

1745.  Why I Am A Lolita The Modern, Modest Japanese Subculture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKg8kl_fFuk&pp=sAQA

1746.  Why I’ve Been Injecting Snake Venom for 30 Years.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcbqB0pFRPA&pp=sAQA

1747.  Why Latinos Are Converting to Islam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOdu-lXCPFI&pp=sAQA

1748.  Why Lean Became Rap’s Most Wanted Drug.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoMkgbGDXxQ&pp=sAQA

1749.  Why Mexican Cartels Use American Guns  The War On Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=388wlVWxGz0&pp=sAQA

1750.  Why Miami’s Street Racers Are Turning to Legal Raceways.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lv8vKg04bys&pp=sAQA

1751.  Why Portugal Decriminalized All Drugs  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dU5yiKBqCk&pp=sAQA

1752.  Why Pro Skater Neen Williams Chose Sobriety and Healthy Eating.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OngZCOKyiqg&pp=sAQA

1753.  Why Should I Care About The Royal Family.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arc3bBTntp8&pp=sAQA

1754.  Why Should I Give a S About the Beatles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXPptKa1ZCo&pp=sAQA

1755.  Why Taking Out Drug Lords is a Bad Idea  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DX4DJ9SHWkg&pp=sAQA

1756.  Why the Deadly Asbestos Industry is Still Alive and Well.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy3piCUPIkc&pp=sAQA

1757.  Why the World Is Still Fascinated with Astrology.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbfNHh-Uka0&pp=sAQA

1758.  Why We Protest Aurat March.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4h6QydrkBc&pp=sAQA

1759.  Why We Protest Colombia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNcFqudkRcg&pp=sAQA

1760.  Why We Protest France.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wj2f3ZTK4Y&pp=sAQA

1761.  Why We Protest Hong Kong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xI2rGqacNy4&pp=sAQA

1762.  Why We Spent $52k to Have a Baby  Debt Diaries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nD8NAqiwU5g&pp=sAQA

1763.  Why Weed Is Good  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyIJSyXoLQk&pp=sAQA

1764.  Why Witchcraft is Still Getting Women Killed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYdDktjyd6E&pp=sAQA

1765.  Why Women Are Quitting Their Side Hustle Leaving LuLaRoe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6eujSJ0-RU&pp=sAQA

1766.  Why Women Are The Unequal Victims Of Kashmir's Lockdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pu2kaJ1eYMU&pp=sAQA

1767.  Why Your Rent is So Damn High  Let Lee Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5xKz5AcuXE&pp=sAQA

1768.  Will Lebanon Be the First to Legalize Cannabis in the Arab World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMSyYs5lJlU&pp=sAQA

1769.  Will Mexico Ever Legalize Weed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tB6zg8jPZs&pp=sAQA

1770.  Will People Fly in a Coffin to Save Money - Fake Focus Group.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLqnePbyLjo&pp=sAQA

1771.  Will Robots Be the Drug Dealers of the Future  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37dV74z6WM4&pp=sAQA

1772.  William Friedkin & Scott Cooper on 'Black Mass'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNwgxr_rfkU&pp=sAQA

1773.  Willie Cauley-Stein Opens Up About His Journey Toward the NBA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ss-7Ahz6cQ&pp=sAQA

1774.  Witches Casting Spells on Politicians A Curse on Corruption.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7Frjegyg9Y&pp=sAQA

1775.  Working Weird Craigslist Jobs to Earn $965 for New York City Rent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8lFSHHs9wo&pp=sAQA

1776.  Would You Give Up National Parks for Free WiFi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iG1GE2ZTkzw&pp=sAQA

1777.  Writer Maureen O'Connor on the World of Online Dating VICE Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARYnu0AYlRk&pp=sAQA

1778.  WTF is Antifa  Should You Be Afraid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZIIpQ8hQyY&pp=sAQA

1779.  WTFLORIDA's Reza Captain Bubble Baluchi Answers Questions About His Infamous Bubble Run to Bermuda.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8WToJs5bwQ&pp=sAQA

1780.  Wuhan Streets During and After Quarantine Lift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpdEk-gBAIo&pp=sAQA

1781.  Xatar in Prison VICE INTL (Germany).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_KvlUDBPuA&pp=sAQA

1782.  Yakuza, Organized Crime, and the Japanese Right Wing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeWfPTCMCTo&pp=sAQA

1783.  Yelp’s Worst Rated Dance Teacher Trains Me How to Tango  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMpR8udyywY&pp=sAQA

1784.  Yelp’s Worst Rated Dating Coach Prepared Me for a Real Date  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bn-1qIh3YPM&pp=sAQA

1785.  Yelp’s Worst Rated Strip Club  One Star Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9NFlzXVlFA&pp=sAQA

1786.  You Don't Know Shit The Future of Waste Management - VICE Reports (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0v4tgLyas6A&pp=sAQA

1787.  You Don't Know Shit VICE Reports (Full Length).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QV9x79_WYbk&pp=sAQA

1788.  You Don't Know Shit VICE Reports (Part 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZiNiBZiR_uA&pp=sAQA

1789.  You Don't Know Shit VICE Reports (Part 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVGdmE4_h4c&pp=sAQA

1790.  You Don't Know Shit VICE Reports (Part 33).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra47l7fihZU&pp=sAQA

1791.  Zero Compensation for 16 Years Wrongfully Incarcerated  Innocence Ignored.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgJQm0DUKL0&pp=sAQA

1792.  Zimbabwe's Codeine Cough Syrup Epidemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1yUKfvnqRQ&pp=sAQA

1793.  Zoe Quinn Talks Project Tingler and Moving On VICE Gaming Meets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofJzavEH12A&pp=sAQA

1794.  ‘Childhood of a Leader’ and the Making of a Fascist VICE Talks Film with Brady Corbet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hfSwm6FNzo&pp=sAQA

1795.  ‘He Didn’t Think He Would Make It’ - Battling To Save Lives During the Pandemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdZy4balvB8&pp=sAQA

1796.  ‘Hyper Light Drifter’ - Inside the Video Game Inspired by a Life-Threatening Illness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUT5SBZkVys&pp=sAQA

1797.  ‘Max the Forger’ Specialized in Faking Famous Art  Fakes, Frauds and Scammers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GTE5bKPgHM&pp=sAQA

1798.  ‘Spice’ is Britain’s Most Dangerous Drug  The War on Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L62rHDJFAkg&pp=sAQA

1799.  “Alien Boy” Oliver Tree Gets Eaten Alive During This Bizarre Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFVs2Me0DHQ&pp=sAQA

1800.  “Zombie Drug” - The Truth About Flakka.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xu3RO4l1EA&pp=sAQA
VICE