
Applications of Quadratic Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 26).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ow_u0qLAOJI

Area of a Sector, Angular Velocity, Applications (Precalculus - Trigonometry 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6wnYbOBCic

Arithmetic Sequences (Precalculus - College Algebra 69).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxGmjouB6t4

Arithmetic Series (Precalculus - College Algebra 70).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdXQjHsl4q0

Average Rate of Change of a Function (Precalculus - College Algebra 11).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5Y-ONkezDM

Basic Properties of Trigonometric Functions (Precalculus - Trigonometry 8).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dTRpq_yGIc

Completing the Square Made Easy (Precalculus - College Algebra 19).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYSYL_vy6YQ

Composition of Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 48).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsgHKmLSPVc

Converting Degrees, Minutes, and Seconds (Precalculus - Trigonometry 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U40Afn37QC4

Converting Radians and Degrees (Precalculus - Trigonometry 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCwcbZSZL5o

Creating Polynomials from Complex Solutions (Precalculus - College Algebra 36).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIFeZLHVWmc

Creating Polynomials from Real Zeros (Precalculus - College Algebra 30).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-pnhWbHmQ8

Descartes Rule of Signs (Precalculus - College Algebra 33).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AW6Y1bL4KU

Exponential Growth and Decay (Precalculus - College Algebra 66).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rO-C48LY2KY

Features of Graphs, Domain, Range (Precalculus - College Algebra 7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3b-4Zz65ZE

Finding a Horizontal Asymptote of a Rational Function (Precalculus - College Algebra 40).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-H9N-_Y77Y

Finding ALL Solutions of Polynomials (Precalculus - College Algebra 37).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuhk2kSVwe0

Finding an Oblique Asymptote of a Rational Function (Precalculus - College Algebra 41).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVhaVk4wNu8

Finding Asymptotes and Holes of Rational Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 43).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyXWPcvSQvk

Finding Domain of Composite Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 49).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8r9oL-ke9s

Finding End Behavior of Rational Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 42).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cnmQXAo5XM

Finding Intersections of Functions (Precaluclus - College Algebra 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cXEuUazjCc

Finding Inverse Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 51).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fK7IPeeZoFE

Finding the Domain of Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvUCDcp6Z3k

Finding Vertical Asymptotes of Rational Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 38).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-bSJaEonho

Geometric Sequences (Precalculus - College Algebra 71).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyHCnYewdrQ

Geometric Series (Precalculus - College Algebra 72).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yDqkrbd5mk

Graphing Exponential Functions with Transformations (Precalculus -College Algebra 53).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uycM-AzUDQ4

Graphing Logarithms with Transformations (Precalculus - College Algebra 56).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swC7KrDO0Uo

Graphing Quadratic Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 24).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VH4tzzBVbgA

Graphing Rational Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 44).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHATRiYbPPA

Graphing Rational Functions with Transformations (Precalculus - College Algebra 39).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-k4uXF4hsAs

Graphing Transformations with Sine and Cosine (Precalculus - Trigonometry 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyXT5KMCrPk

Graphs of Exponential Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 52).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2w14jBb0e9Q

Graphs You Must Know (Precalculus - College Algebra 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrmmR3-VxA8

How to Change the Base of a Logarithm (Precalculus - College Algebra 61).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgcFt8zGnNE

How to Combine Logarithms (Precalculus - College Algebra 60).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrU8fYchnIU

How to Evaluate Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1sGAHulT8w

How to Expand Logarithms (Precalculus - College Algebra 59).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCeN653SdX4

How to Graph Piecewise Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHZKgl_9o7M

How to Graph Tangent and Cotangent (Precalculus - Trigonometry 13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eMEBrPYJ0I

How to Graph with Transformations (Precalculus - College Algebra 15).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkrMJLSpJFI

How to Sketch Polynomial Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 31).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MAtqY6Fqjs

How to Use the Rational Zeros Theorem (Precalculus - College Algebra 34).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7wEpxwgB3w

How to Use the Unit Circle in Trigonometry (Precalculus - Trigonometry 7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdRZfemxTFI

Inequalities with Functions - Graphically (Precalculus - College Algebra 45).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bngBtS7RBZ4

Inequalities with Polynomial Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 46).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFJ-Mq0XcTI

Inequalities with Rational Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 47).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSh1xcbYKZk

Intro to Precalculus (Precalculus - College Algebra 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OOrhA2iKak

Introduction to Angles (Precalculus - Trigonometry 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c41QejoWnb4

Introduction to Complex Solutions of Polynomials (Precalculus - College algebra 35).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-69B5jkcO4

Introduction to Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkUEsP9efFg

Introduction to Graph Transformations (Precalculus - College Algebra 14).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTCRB6hMsC4

Introduction to Logarithms and Their Graphs (Precalculus - College Algebra 55).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfnTwz79PWU

Introduction to Polynomial Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 27).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Uh3Z6DJ_pI

Introduction to Radians (Precalculus - Trigonometry 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWd_FtOfyPc

Introduction to Sequences (Precalculus - College Algebra 67).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5D7BJ-R41I

Introduction to Series and Summation Notation  (Precalculus - College Algebra 68).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ipz9xXeoaRc

Introduction to Solving Logarithms and Exponentials (Precalculus - College Algebra 57).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KezbqAAlOZk

Introduction to Solving Quadratics (Precalculus - College Algebra 16).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIEkJaPgjKs

Multiplicity and End Behavior of Polynomials (Precalculus - College Algebra 29).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gxh-mEt1K-o

One to One Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 50).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0Q_m2UDerc

Operations of Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7N_-G4usp6Q

Power Functions (Precalculus - College Algebra 28).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXTlAPOBA_U

Proof by Mathematical Induction (Precalculus - College Algebra 73).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5cWX-EyLEI

Properties of Functions - Even vs Odd (Precalculus - College Algebra 8).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6897XAx3O9Q

Properties of Functions - Extrema (Precalculus - College Algebra 10).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hItEGb3KJo

Properties of Functions - Increasing vs Decreasing (Precalculus - College Algebra 9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIRDvscVPr0

Properties of Logarithms (Precalculus - College Algebra 58).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0uScdsBPfk

Proving the Quadratic Formula - Twice (Precalculus - College Algebra 20).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BUg_w1Cu9E

Pythagorean Identities for Trigonometric Functions (Precalculus - Trigonometry 10).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huP3v7iZuLM

Reciprocal Identities in Trigonometry (Precalculus - Trigonometry 9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98jDUsZ2JYA

Review of Compound Interest (Precalculus - College Algebra 65).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1k25doMFww

Solving Exponential Equations with Common Bases (Precalculus - College Algebra 54).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkUWLFontZU

Solving Exponential Equations with Logarithms (Precalculus - College Algebra 64).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDcLCA2W-UI

Solving Logarithmic Equations with Exponentials (Precalculus - College Algebra 63).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNUyVClUQfc

Solving Logarithms with Common Bases (Precalculus - College Algebra 62).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82fonULPl64

Solving Quadratic Inequalities (Precalculus - College Algebra 25).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd41nGPHbMU

Synthetic Division and Long Division of Polynomials (Precalculus - College Algebra 32).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKJgo-WR_K4

The Graphs of Sine and Cosine (Precalculus - Trigonometry 11).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HHgZopzL_s

The Square Root Method in Solving Quadratics (Precalculus - College Algebra 17).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXAd6rkNSK0

Trigonometric Functions and the Unit Circle (Precalculus - Trigonometry 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__nefjOhVks

Using Factoring to Solve Quadratics (Precalculus - College Algebra 18).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2CFHYJWS60

Using Substitutions to Solve Equations (Precalculus - College Algebra 23).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8uoP-JFj54

Using the Quadratic Formula (Precalculus - College Algebra 21).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIWXZVsdpbE

Using the Vertical Line Test (Precalculus - College Algebra 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7j6kh8Z2H90
Precalculus - College AlgebraTrigonometry