
1.  400 Subscriber Q&A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCfsuiVAfeE

2.  All About Bathing Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hyGbLmPfUE

3.  All about My Rat Cage  Double Critter Nation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QG6HWbcYADQ

4.  All About NeuteringCastrating Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vs68W8ulWW0

5.  All Living Things Luxury Rat Pet Home Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwXIvd0ujEI

6.  Baby Ratties!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWD6dLeSA20

7.  Bass Equipment CritterFerret Nation Cage Pan Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwibJ0oSbQQ

8.  Best and Worst Bedding for Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msMv-FrFi1k

9.  Borzoi and Pet Rat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjvBBSfOsWE

10.  Caring for Elderly Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJok1bGvMlk

11.  Carolina Storm Wheel review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_mhAq4vpBc

12.  Chinchilla Cage Tour (Double Ferret Nation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCOAya-337A

13.  Chinchilla Cage Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVzAu_A0f8U

14.  Chinchilla Haul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14UYazpRPF0

15.  Chinchilla Leg Amputation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C04_FtLAHLo

16.  Chinchilla Supply Haul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcOuYr7lQn0

17.  ChinchillaRat Haul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tySpYohPfmw

18.  Cleaning my Rat cage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0r_Zq8D-yZQ

19.  Cleaning Products for rat cage cleaning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2Gj0RLfFZo

20.  Critter Nation Rat Cage Tour 413.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KHsjaJVoAo

21.  Critter Nation Rat cage tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5XcAN6i6fk

22.  Danger of using Towels as bedding for Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqnFch2nYLs

23.  Dealing with Overweight Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3TjmEj5vWw

24.  Deep Cleaning my Rat Cage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqgzO8Imtwo

25.  Differences in owning Mice vs Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCQiicdyapU

26.  Different Rat Varieties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2P-iw7cVVBo

27.  Emergency Evacuation Plan for Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYt1RNCjTqc

28.  FAQ-RatGirl44.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRDy883V40A

29.  Fat Rat Snack Box review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3opSgSyPL4

30.  Feeding Pet Rat insects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Awqc3D1LtAQ

31.  Feeding rats fresh foods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZY-IJXbcinE

32.  Fuzz Butt Cage Comfort Review and an Cute update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8OXHk1wMZs

33.  Giveaway Winner and New Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ci-vPtu8zpw

34.  Halloween Cage Tour 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mbom-Afzgpo

35.  Hammock Review Chelsey's Cozies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1fT5MSGirs

36.  HammockCage Liner Review Dexter's Creature Comforts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Uiug3nYurc

37.  Happy New Year.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dL6nm2MzxAs

38.  Hedgehog Cage Tour Oct 2013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLkbWR-9ouA

39.  Hedgehog Heat Set Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDJtyvR4ZOo

40.  How I Use a Hospital Cage for Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEOn-Hq978Y

41.  How to bathe a hedgehog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7OfeCDt80g

42.  How to build a C&C Cage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOc_s9XWVRo

43.  How to give you’re  Pet Rat Medication.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voJ477TorB0

44.  How to Introduce Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMFTC5_fTGE

45.  How to Litter Train Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeZdYeBTwCY

46.  How to make a Bin Cage (Rat, Hamster, Mice, Gerbil).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSQuvjetIyU

47.  How to make a Rat Hammock (Double Decker).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuMcJ-WRuWI

48.  How to make a Rat Hammock (hole hide).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WixvxpQnL8s

49.  How to make a rat hammock.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ytkk3_8gUg

50.  How to make Rat Treats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8i4BgFLR8mw

51.  How to make RatChinchilla cage ledges.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU5bq7XrLio

52.  How to Quarantine Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXqarS0Vv0E

53.  How to Tame Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95OZAWATeXY

54.  How to treat your Pet Rat for Lice and Mites.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LoQMzEJw28

55.  How to Trim Rats Nails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkqpyNEzt3k

56.  How to use fleece for Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QhfxT6UD64

57.  HowWhy to weigh pet rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4VoMWq9LB4

58.  I'm back with many updates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-m2S5smq_Bg

59.  Its a Hamster!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSHC3dZS9rQ

60.  Keeping Rats cool during hot weather.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efUFahW5qzQ

61.  Living World Teach n Treat Toy review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23XzpqB_b0A

62.  Malocclusion in Chinchillas (dental disease).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3XxpwzlLkQ

63.  Mammary Gland Tumors in Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fv9BW3hQFXc

64.  Meet Ingrid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cf1f9KWcBT8

65.  Meet my Rats  Kazimir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7_L5WvRdTw

66.  Meet my Rats (1256310).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9magqAK6bY

67.  Meet my Rats Durian.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oL6jOKl00Pw

68.  Meet my Rats Kintyre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk8ZUjKkA2Q

69.  Meet my Rats Kiwi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGe7UU_5yw8

70.  Meet My Rats Skye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPepbca2KfE

71.  Meet my Rats Uno.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx3xmf5eoic

72.  Meet my Rats Xara.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihv9ZYyimz8

73.  Meet my Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CofFqeM2Xec

74.  Mini rat supply haul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVmQjaiIDvA

75.  My Chinchilla's Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFI3dIB4geE

76.  My Hedgehogs Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=on-otG_OPec

77.  My Pet Rats Diet Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBPOiqtsDx4

78.  My Pet Rats Diet Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uqg2k1ptdSk

79.  My Rats Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhfWjMoFEjw

80.  My Take on Rat Bite Fever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BNWFBWXOVk

81.  New Baby Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ohqX8y23oo

82.  New pet Giveaway! CLOSED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2f5qquoJvP4

83.  New Rat Addition!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eV_RJM9Jw98

84.  October Hedgehog Cage Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4odUHv5MOA

85.  October Rat cage Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9XRszQBE0o

86.  Pat Hammock Review Ty's Rat Shack.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OnPq-1uyBk

87.  Pet Expo 2015 ft The Squeaky Wheel Rattery and Rescue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfZzQtirUgc

88.  Pet Hammock Review EsdrasEspino.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imi2KjDzPCI

89.  Pet Rat First Aid and Medications the holistic way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ommfzr6kpAU

90.  Pet Rat Haul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWAmBlDqCmA

91.  Pet Rat Supply Haul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvDRdtZ_YIU

92.  Pet Room Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExSmSQzy1Lk

93.  Pituitary Gland Tumors  in Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oebzOtAsNBY

94.  Prevue Hendryx Earthtone Dusted Rose Rat & Chinchilla Cage Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYk8lisFN38

95.  Q & A Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RTabaHHnjQ

96.  Q&A-RatGirl44 Tail Injuries, Keeping rats alone and Why rats are so hated.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiDlEy3vq34

97.  Q&A-RatGirl44.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcVRDJ8lksU

98.  Random Chat & Questions For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0TriWLLUDA

99.  Rat and Chinchilla Haul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32yAUEKZGLs

100.  Rat at play.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNNFON6jRzA

101.  Rat Attack Team Hammock Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8l5TNQGugA

102.  Rat bruxing and eye boggling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoZTroXGL3E

103.  Rat Cage Tour (1840629).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKkFNGpwUr4

104.  Rat Cage Tour (1850381).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yp1Q4HU9hU8

105.  Rat Cage Tour Spring 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y66fmAvRBms

106.  Rat Cage Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxUsNxCiJLo

107.  Rat Care Daily Routine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYU7jnoalpg

108.  Rat Foster Babies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHPjrO1rN1Q

109.  Rat Holiday Cage Tour and Q&A Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEZv8AUNhww

110.  Rat Mush Review Adorkable Designs Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOnL72oqYBI

111.  Rat Room Organization.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOFDytOzjhg

112.  Rat Room Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZ__2T4y6xs

113.  RatPak Monthy Subscription Unboxing-March Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIVaE1krmdI

114.  Rats chasing cats!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85zRThzOeew

115.  Rats love eggs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rRZe4PrYR4

116.  Rats playing in packing peanuts FAIL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2taeHCF46w

117.  Rats trying new food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9-ZPOf97Dk

118.  Rats with Hind Leg Degeneration or HED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nfh0O1M8l4

119.  Rats with Wheel Tail (curved tail).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nRr8PGC5bc

120.  Review on Double Critter Nation rat cage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctBkjRfBLlw

121.  RIP Amber.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t87EIvgP3ng

122.  RIP Mishka and Mila.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLWIOFCQ9Pg

123.  RIP Sookie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3oNYwZdLXU

124.  Series 11 - Recipe for Rat Eye Wash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9S3Rbww4NOw

125.  Series 12 - Recipe for Rat diarrhea treatment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzrrXy_QWiY

126.  Series 13 Recipe for Rat Constipation Treatment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZcXeor16VY

127.  Series 15-Recipe for Rats Porridge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjfyrpWuaiE

128.  Series 16 High Calorie Bean Shake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGv43Gwd9oI

129.  Silent Spinner Wheel Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiF4LprF9MA

130.  Sphynx dreaming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHNQLwHruwA

131.  Super Pet Glass water bottle review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tv9iyFGThZc

132.  Supplementing Protein for rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olT4xdM_T68

133.  The Cost of Owning Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWjvu8cAtwU

134.  Update Bye Bye Isla.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGq1gxxwKHg

135.  Updates and a little Chit Chat!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AENkxPlAAFA

136.  Updates I have gone baby crazy!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sElHki2Dk94

137.  Updates New Rat And  a Chinchilla Emergency.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u700VKg_-98

138.  Updates RatGirl44.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jA0ZkcVZbUQ

139.  What pet rats should NOT eat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JO-eoMWXgV8

140.  When rats do not get along....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYGGKsixti0

141.  Where to Buy Pet Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bL40OjYYWmM

142.  Why I will not be posting videos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nv4LHJ_2Yzg

143.  Why rats can NOT be kept alone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDSdng-EpRU
RatGirl44 - Videos