
1.  abba - Dancing Queen (Midnight Special).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QN0RTuz4ORA&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

2.  ABBA FERNANDO LIVE ( MIDNIGHT SPECIAL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yaecNxzHRY&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

3.  Al Green performing Let's stay together at The Midnight Special.flv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4K9Q7Vc2xvg&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

4.  Bill Withers - Aint No Sunshine (Midnight Special - 1974).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mQoOX5j7c8&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

5.  Black Maria - Todd Rundgren.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTtIbgRr1KU&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

6.  BLONDIE - One Way or Another (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9d3swTv4758&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

7.  Blondie. Heart of Glass at The Midnight Special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12w5wykucgk&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

8.  Bread-Make It With You LIVE (Midnight Special 1977).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R28utDctiyA&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

9.  Cheap Trick - Surrender - Midnight Special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqB9lhHqmsE&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

10.  Crown of Creation - Jefferson Airplane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_oJ64K-z2g&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

11.  Doobie Brothers Listen To The Music LIVE Midnight Special 1973.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOTr_4Zs_Us&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

12.  Electric Light Orchestra Evil Woman Live Midnight Special 1975.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05x5B-D_YSQ&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

13.  Fleetwood Mac - Over My Head.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3p-AHX0ml0&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

14.  Fleetwood Mac - RHIANNON Live on the Midnight Special 1976.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZI62qNmScc&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

15.  Golden Earring Radar Love 1974 Midnight Special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQjqqy2hhDA&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

16.  Heart - Crazy On You (live 1977).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gpNqB4dnT4&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

17.  Heart - Crazy On You (Live on TV - 1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5PKULglde8&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

18.  Heart - Magic Man (live 1977) HQ version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbH7zNrHQqE&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

19.  Jefferson Airplane White Rabbit Rotterdam Pop Festival 1970.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0YPwVfNZ6k&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

20.  Lou Rawls-Youll never find-Midnight special.VOB.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwW1zrMWELM&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

21.  Manfred Mann - Blinded by the Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcWVL4B-4pI&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

22.  Maria Muldaur-Midnight at the Oasis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igRPOtA33ko&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

23.  Midnight Special K.C. and the Sunshine Band Get Down Tonight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wed5SCzkTU&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

24.  Midnight Special Wilson Pickett Midnight Hour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-K95YMJb9k&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

25.  Midnight Special-KC & The Sunshine Band  That's The Way I Like It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOS2cW1gofI&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

26.  Midnight Special-Steve Miller Band  Fly Like An Eagle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a6lAwbE1J4&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

27.  Peter Frampton - Show Me The Way (Live Midnight Special 1975).avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLgeTtYwQ7o&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

28.  Peter Frampton Do You Feel Like We Do Midnight Special 1975 FULL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7rFYbMhcG8&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

29.  Redbone - Come And Get Your Love - LIVE 1974 The Midnight Special (Guardians Of The Galaxy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj0drevGOgA&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

30.  Rick James You And I Live Midnight Special 1979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVvEZByp_6M&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

31.  Somebody To LoveWhite Rabbit Jefferson Airplane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1cfTMdjkYM&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

32.  Steve Miller  The Joker  Midnight Special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qd5ag754UAQ&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

33.  The Association - Along Comes Mary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYJhhKSXOBo&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

34.  Todd Rundgren - Hello Its Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsezr0qiFIc&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

35.  Todd Rundgren Hello Its Me Midnight Special 73.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67PygSlObAU&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

36.  YouTube T Rex Bang a Gong 1973 Midnight Special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdHkaKGgTcg&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS
60s and 70s Live Performances