
1.  'Till I Collapse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Obim8BYGnOE&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

2.  3 Doors Down - Here Without You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPBzTxZQG5Q&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

3.  50 Cent - 21 Questions (Official Music Video) ft. Nate Dogg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDMhlvbOFaM&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

4.  50 Cent - Candy Shop (Official Music Video) ft. Olivia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRcnnId15BA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

5.  50 Cent - In Da Club (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qm8PH4xAss&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

6.  50 Cent - Just A Lil Bit (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GllEDACUbNo&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

7.  50 Cent - P.I.M.P. (Snoop Dogg Remix) ft. Snoop Dogg, G-Unit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDApZhXTpH8&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

8.  Akon - Don't Matter (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWA5hJl4Dv0&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

9.  Akon - I Wanna Love You ft. Snoop Dogg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJzF7H2e3Tw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

10.  Akon - Lonely (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EEW-9NDM5k&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

11.  Akon - Right Now (Na Na Na) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIaH35-MLsk&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

12.  Akon - Smack That (Official Music Video) ft. Eminem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKDdT_nyP54&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

13.  Alicia Keys - No One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rywUS-ohqeE&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

14.  Amy Winehouse - Back To Black.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJAfLE39ZZ8&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

15.  Audioslave - Like a Stone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QU1nvuxaMA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

16.  Avril Lavigne - Complicated (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NPBIwQyPWE&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

17.  Beyoncé - Crazy In Love ft. JAY Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViwtNLUqkMY&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

18.  Beyoncé - Halo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnVUHWCynig&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

19.  Bon Jovi - It's My Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx2u5uUu3DE&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

20.  Britney Spears - Gimme More (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elueA2rofoo&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

21.  Britney Spears - Oops!...I Did It Again (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CduA0TULnow&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

22.  Busta Rhymes, Mariah Carey - I Know What You Want (Official HD Video) ft. Flipmode Squad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDaNJW_jEBo&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

23.  Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, Mya, Pink - Lady Marmalade (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQa7SvVCdZk&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

24.  Coldplay - Fix You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4V3Mo61fJM&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

25.  Coldplay - The Scientist (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB-RcX5DS5A&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

26.  Coldplay - Yellow (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKNxeF4KMsY&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

27.  Destiny's Child - Say My Name (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQgd6MccwZc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

28.  Dua Lipa - Don't Start Now (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oygrmJFKYZY&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

29.  Eminem - Lose Yourself [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Yhyp-_hX2s&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

30.  Eminem - Mockingbird (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9bCLPwzSC0&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

31.  Eminem - Stan (Short Version) ft. Dido.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSLZFdqwh7E&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

32.  Eminem - The Real Slim Shady (Official Video - Clean Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJO5HU_7_1w&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

33.  Eminem - When I'm Gone (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wYNFfgrXTI&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

34.  Eminem - Without Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVkUvmDQ3HY&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

35.  Evanescence - Bring Me To Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YxaaGgTQYM&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

36.  Evanescence - My Immortal (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5anLPw0Efmo&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

37.  Fantasia - When I See U.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8iqEfje7Aw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

38.  Fergie - Big Girls Don't Cry (Personal) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agrXgrAgQ0U&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

39.  Flo Rida - Low (feat. T-Pain) [from Step Up 2 The Streets O.S.T.  Mail On Sunday] (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2waT9TxPU0&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

40.  Gorillaz - Clint Eastwood (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1V_xRb0x9aw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

41.  Gorillaz - Feel Good Inc. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyHNuVaZJ-k&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

42.  Green Day - 21 Guns [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r00ikilDxW4&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

43.  Green Day - Boulevard Of Broken Dreams [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soa3gO7tL-c&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

44.  Hey Ya!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7XnDlYY9qw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

45.  Hoobastank - The Reason (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV4DiAyExN0&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

46.  In The End [Official HD Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVTXPUF4Oz4&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

47.  James Blunt - You're Beautiful (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oofSnsGkops&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

48.  Jason Mraz - I'm Yours (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkHTsc9PU2A&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

49.  Justin Timberlake - What Goes Around...Comes Around (Short Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IC8qPpnD0uE&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

50.  Katy Perry - Hot N Cold (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTHNpusq654&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

51.  Kid Rock - Picture feat. Sheryl Crow [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKFx0MMqb48&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

52.  KYLE - Love Me Like You Say You Love Me [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSghtE_7SsU&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

53.  Kylie Minogue - Can't Get You Out Of My Head (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPwtJ89jes4&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

54.  Lady Antebellum - Need You Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eM213aMKTHg&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

55.  Lady Gaga - Bad Romance (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrO4YZeyl0I&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

56.  Lady Gaga - Poker Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bESGLojNYSo&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

57.  Lil Wayne - Lollipop ft. Static (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IH8tNQAzSs&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

58.  Madcon - Beggin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrFI2gJSuwA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

59.  Madonna - Hung Up (Official Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDwb9jOVRtU&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

60.  Mariah Carey - We Belong Together (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0habxsuXW4g&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

61.  Mario - Let Me Love You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H64QG4UsrGI&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

62.  Maroon 5 - She Will Be Loved (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIjVuRTm-dc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

63.  Mary J. Blige - Family Affair (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znlFu_lemsU&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

64.  Miley Cyrus - Party In The U.S.A. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M11SvDtPBhA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

65.  Nelly - Dilemma (Official Music Video) ft. Kelly Rowland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WYHDfJDPDc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

66.  Nelly Furtado - Promiscuous (Official Music Video) ft. Timbaland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J3vgcE5i2o&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

67.  Nelly Furtado - Say It Right (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JnGBs88sL0&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

68.  New Divide [Official Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysSxxIqKNN0&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

69.  Numb [Official Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXYiU_JCYtU&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

70.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Californication [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlUKcNNmywk&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

71.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Otherside [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn_YodiJO6k&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

72.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Snow (Hey Oh) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuFI5KSPAt4&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

73.  Rihanna - S&M (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdS6HFQ_LUc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

74.  Rihanna - Umbrella (Orange Version) (Official Music Video) ft. JAY-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvBfHwUxHIk&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

75.  Robbie Williams - Feel (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iy4mXZN1Zzk&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

76.  Sean Kingston - Beautiful Girls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrTz5xjmso4&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

77.  Sean Paul - I'm Still In Love With You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQ4TW5Z8eu0&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

78.  Sean Paul - Temperature (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dW2MmuA1nI4&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

79.  Shaggy - Angel ft. Rayvon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWJrPzAUzAs&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

80.  Shaggy It Wasn't Me (Official Music Video) (uncensored).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_x6QmuJdms&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

81.  Shakira - Hips Don't Lie ft. Wyclef Jean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUT5rEU6pqM&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

82.  Shakira - La Tortura (Video) ft. Alejandro Sanz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dsp_8Lm1eSk&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

83.  Shakira - Whenever, Wherever (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weRHyjj34ZE&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

84.  System Of A Down - Chop Suey! (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSvFpBOe8eY&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

85.  System Of A Down - Toxicity (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iywaBOMvYLI&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

86.  T-Pain - Bartender (Official HD Video) ft. Akon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lt2wjJlP2N4&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

87.  Taylor Swift - Love Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xg3vE8Ie_E&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

88.  Taylor Swift - You Belong With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuNIsY6JdUw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

89.  The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD4vsh1zDA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

90.  The Black Eyed Peas - Meet Me Halfway (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7HahVwYpwo&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

91.  The Black Eyed Peas - My Humps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEe_eraFWWs&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

92.  The Black Eyed Peas - Pump It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaI2IlHwmgQ&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

93.  The Black Eyed Peas - Where Is The Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpYeekQkAdc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

94.  The Pussycat Dolls - Buttons (Official Music Video) ft. Snoop Dogg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCLxJd1d84s&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

95.  The Pussycat Dolls - Don't Cha (Official Music Video) ft. Busta Rhymes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNSxNsr4wmA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

96.  The White Stripes - Seven Nation Army (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J2QdDbelmY&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

97.  Timbaland - Apologize ft. OneRepublic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSM3w1v-A_Y&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

98.  Timbaland - The Way I Are ft. Keri Hilson, D.O.E., Sebastian (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5rLz5AZBIA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

99.  Usher - Yeah! (Official Video) ft. Lil Jon, Ludacris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxBSyx85Kp8&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL

100.  VITAS FT. NAPPY ROOTS - Roll With the Beat (Official Music Video) 432hz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uib7u_O9dfI&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nLqrJyJTf19nueOiEleQqVL
00s Music Hits Playlist - Top 100 Songs of the 2000s (Oldies but Goodies)