
1.  ..got stress Adrenal Fatigue and exhausted internal resources...ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1O-Sja2BN8

2.  Are You A Doctor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6X6aVTf69x4

3.  Back to the garden.. a story of sustainable living..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKe97AYWsL8

4.  Can You Cure Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kemn2r9b92s

5.  Detox, Part Five; Yeast, The Fungus Among Us.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z9DDmTBiso

6.  Detox, Part Four; The Lymphatic System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OwpYckmhY0

7.  Detox, Part Seven; The Skin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wZvrRjFyeg

8.  Detox, Part Six; Digestive System and Estrogen Clearance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhmZO_uMuVM

9.  Detox, Part Three; The Urinary System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3ImaEReLnY

10.  Detox, Part Two; The Respiratory System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMftacYIU9Y

11.  Detoxification.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGAp_SzneRI

12.  Do You Take Insurance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks8sPn-nlmg

13.  Eliminate Fatigue, Skip the Energy Crash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPWtsvuj-sg

14.  Facial Plastic Surgeon, Dr. Mark Glasgold Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJTl0tq-0BU

15.  Facial Plastic Surgeon, Dr. Mark Glasgold Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1U6MTldLD2I

16.  Facial Plastic Surgeon, Dr.Mark Glasgold Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP8sQKIoMKg

17.  Facial Plastic Surgery Herbal Prep + Recovery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJC1A92-42k

18.  Farm To Table The Cherry Grove Farm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7P4e_2er3M

19.  Fertility & Herbal Medicine, a story of Life and Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suxwYBmsxJ0

20.  Fertility Support with Herbal Medicine; A story of Praise, Love, Life..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swY8_Yjuyw0

21.  FOX Business Analyst Jeffrey Sica Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9nSOV4HEcs

22.  FOX Business Analyst Jeffrey Sica Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0jiucVQh8Y

23.  From Patient to Supportive Team At Rachael's Desk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSxJHwu6X4E

24.  Getting Started [pre-2016 relocation].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpalBOh53zA

25.  Gift Yourself... Time..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvXhGs32-v0

26.  Healthy Balance Distinctly Your Own [A Conversation].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdiU-GaPf2s

27.  Hormone Imbalance - Immune Compromise - Cancer + Chemical Load.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8XZ1HwCcmg

28.  How Are Herbal Medicines Taken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSOn0pyshhg

29.  How Do You Work With My Doctor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQdNoeU7tv0

30.  How To Take Tami's Herbal Medicines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtU7O_-3Nqk

31.  Integrative vs Alternative Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqRoY2OKzmA

32.  Intro 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3pjWvdnh_0

33.  Intro 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tM9PqrpjFMU

34.  Intro to Detox, A Series. Part One..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hmixnr6jGBI

35.  Its About What Works For YOU, Not Just Me (as Your Practitioner).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKDlTf1iXrw

36.  moo cow kisses....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZU71KR4D_g

37.  Must I Take Herbs Forever, once I start.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4aNMOLU2Mo

38.  My Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwYee36N-Lw

39.  Natirar From Seed to Sprout, Growing WellCare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfvToYdMuGM

40.  Options A Thorough Consultation By Phone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFno8awNWsA

41.  Processing and Moving Forward; A Story of Healing..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcvieq5YmWA

42.  Relentless Entrepreneur  - High Octane Lifestyle Balance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLyxRz0FGfU

43.  Same and Next Day Turnaround, Tailor-Made.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bcp2qfLKrY

44.  Solutions are here for you.. all along!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8jeFODvxwg

45.  Supplement concerns Ingredients and their Sources.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpIt3narxY0

46.  Surviving a Toxic World Chemical Load, Realistically Speaking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPasq7_n3Fg

47.  Tailor-made SameNext Day Turnaround.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gy6d9tPAcpE

48.  Tolerance, Custom Reformulation [True Patient Experience].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J39KKUJm9BY

49.  Transitioning off Medications Naturally.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCN36ZF6Isk

50.  Waking Up Between 3 to 4am.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQYT2MQVrXA

51.  Welcome to my Channel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGUAY7kFycY

52.  Well-care is like a Road Trip....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6R9GalG_WfA

53.  What Are Herbal Medicines, Exactly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9WL9aKo770

54.  What Does A Consultation Look Like.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jxwawMhjhg

55.  What is Compounding (of Herbal Medicines).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waGn_uZ2p1o

56.  What's the Difference.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EstB35j8Roc

57.  Why Choose Tami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-LfqQJ1l-Q
The Medical Herbalist Apothecary - Videos