
1.  A different way to visualize rhythm - John Varney.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UphAzryVpY

2.  A map of the brain - Allan Jones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69K5rjy_euo

3.  An introduction to mathematical theorems - Scott Kennedy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0DSM-EkQE8

4.  Are You A Visual Thinker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJiMjSscgk4

5.  Beware of nominalizations (AKA zombie nouns) - Helen Sword.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNlkHtMgcPQ

6.  Carol Dweck - A Study on Praise and Mindsets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWv1VdDeoRY

7.  DIR Floortime short introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPHjLe7MVYE

8.  Does stress cause pimples - Claudia Aguirre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qz1FKi6z4Fc

9.  Does your vote count The Electoral College explained - Christina Greer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9H3gvnN468

10.  Dr. Stanley Greenspan founder of Floortime speaks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrXGh9bT0Sw

11.  Exploring other dimensions - Alex Rosenthal and George Zaidan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6kn6nXMWF0

12.  Feedback loops How nature gets its rhythms - Anje-Margriet Neutel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inVZoI1AkC8

13.  Grammar's great divide The Oxford comma - TED-Ed (1903128).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptM7FzyjtRk

14.  Grammar's great divide The Oxford comma - TED-Ed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptM7FzyjtRk

15.  How do cancer cells behave differently from healthy ones - George Zaidan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmFEoCFDi-w

16.  How do germs spread (and why do they make us sick) - Yannay Khaikin and Nicole Mideo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxonJTWhBJQ

17.  How Do Pain Relievers Work - George Zaidan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mcuIc5O-DE

18.  How does your brain respond to pain - Karen D. Davis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7wfDenj6CQ

19.  How languages evolve - Alex Gendler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWDKsHm6gTA

20.  How optical illusions trick your brain - Nathan S. Jacobs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfdJyDfIHIc

21.  How playing an instrument benefits your brain - Anita Collins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0JKCYZ8hng

22.  How sugar affects the brain - Nicole Avena.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEXBxijQREo

23.  How the heart actually pumps blood - Edmond Hui.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruM4Xxhx32U

24.  How to build a fictional world - Kate Messner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQTQSbjecLg

25.  How to defeat a dragon with math - Garth Sundem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6syI3xiBBg

26.  How to read music - Tim Hansen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZN41d7Txcq0

27.  How to sequence the human genome - Mark J. Kiel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvuYATh7Y74

28.  How to speak monkey The language of cotton-top tamarins - Anne Savage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Vfn5CV9juI

29.  Making a TED-Ed Lesson Animating zombies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INFKdqxLgPs

30.  Making a TED-Ed Lesson Visualizing big ideas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P50NcJLSJJY

31.  Music and math The genius of Beethoven - Natalya St. Clair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAxT0mRGuoY

32.  Poison vs. venom What's the difference - Rose Eveleth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnJ4_xRfxpA

33.  Rethinking thinking - Trevor Maber.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJLqOclPqis

34.  Schrödinger's cat A thought experiment in quantum mechanics - Chad Orzel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjaAxUO6-Uw

35.  Should we eat bugs - Emma Bryce.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDqXwUS402I

36.  Should you trust your first impression - Peter Mende-Siedlecki.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eK0NzsGRceg

37.  The art of the metaphor - Jane Hirshfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0edKgL9EgM

38.  The case of the vanishing honeybees - Emma Bryce.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oz1Cz8ko8iY

39.  The Greenspan Floortime Approach The Learning Tree Model.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmsI345PqC0

40.  The Higgs Boson Explained.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqAWqwh3Etw

41.  The popularity, plight and poop of penguins - Dyan deNapoli.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGhknFzrnXg

42.  The uncertain location of electrons - George Zaidan and Charles Morton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ROHpZ0A70I

43.  What causes antibiotic resistance - Kevin Wu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znnp-Ivj2ek

44.  What did dogs teach humans about diabetes - Duncan C. Ferguson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_3hbrqLZ5U

45.  What happens when you remove the hippocampus - Sam Kean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkaXNvzE4pk

46.  What if we could look inside human brains - Moran Cerf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sewhbmh0ECg

47.  What is dyslexia - Kelli Sandman-Hurley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zafiGBrFkRM

48.  What is fat - George Zaidan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhUrc4BnPgg

49.  What makes a hero - Matthew Winkler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hhk4N9A0oCA

50.  What percentage of your brain do you use - Richard E. Cytowic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NubJ2ThK_U

51.  What's an algorithm - David J. Malan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hfOvs8pY1k

52.  What's invisible More than you think - John Lloyd.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EUy_82IChY

53.  Where do genes come from - Carl Zimmer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9HIYjRRaDE

54.  Why do honeybees love hexagons - Zack Patterson and Andy Peterson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEzlsjAqADA

55.  Why do we cry The three types of tears - Alex Gendler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keMF8YzQoRM

56.  Why does ice float in water - George Zaidan and Charles Morton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UukRgqzk-KE

57.  Why is glass transparent - Mark Miodownik.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwRLIt6jgdM

58.  Why is there a b in doubt - Gina Cooke.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvABHCJm3aA

59.  Why we love repetition in music - Elizabeth Hellmuth Margulis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lo8EomDrwA
Ted - ED KIDS