
The Police - Can't Stand Losing You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH0vjLwMyc4&pp=sAQA

The Police - Christmas Message
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMXrIEBo_gQ&pp=sAQA

The Police - De Do Do Do, De Da Da Da
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7v2GDbEmjGE&pp=sAQA

The Police - Don't Stand So Close To Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNIZofPB8ZM&pp=sAQA

The Police - Every Breath You Take (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfEvH4aML-k&pp=sAQA

The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGWF3ZsZPYs&pp=sAQA

The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs&pp=sAQA

The Police - Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aENX1Sf3fgQ&pp=sAQA

The Police - Invisible Sun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VuDjJ9KIxM&pp=sAQA

The Police - King Of Pain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuOPRfq-q6U&pp=sAQA

The Police - Message In A Bottle (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehYpFjwnDH0&pp=sAQA

The Police - Message In A Bottle (Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZyCXjNDuv8&pp=sAQA

The Police - Message In A Bottle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbXWrmQW-OE&pp=sAQA

The Police - Roxanne (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgAVGCf98hk&pp=sAQA

The Police - Roxanne (Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4B-TmQhCjk&pp=sAQA

The Police - Roxanne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T1c7GkzRQQ&pp=sAQA

The Police - So Lonely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX6MvV8cbh8&pp=sAQA

The Police - Spirits In The Material World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHOevX4DlGk&pp=sAQA

The Police - Synchronicity II
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5FPPoLqkCk&pp=sAQA

The Police - Walking On The Moon (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17CKq6rTMvo&pp=sAQA

The Police - Walking On The Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPwMdZOlPo8&pp=sAQA

The Police - Wrapped Around Your Finger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svWINSRhQU0&pp=sAQA
The Police