
183.  A counter project in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUm1evTJ2Z8

185.  Basics of functions in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwDHINjr1AQ

188.  Better code with object chain in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ko5tv0tP6XA

192.  Borrow a method using bind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoUboMfIemw

197.  Callback and arrow function introduction in array.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tny4_-QjNHg

203.  Classes and module exports in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQCdwX0p_tc

210.  Closure in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bC-ilFHSt4s

218.  Code hoisting in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ta1umc3tkQ

227.  Coercion and falsy values in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0O-9uXmqbFI

237.  Confusing part of THIS in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTPt5XO7KoU

248.  Destructure the data in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brtUfHte9uc

260.  Event listener in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBnsO6QWGEY

273.  Event loop  Will javascript wait.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvTMIKHvPxU

287.  Fill and Filter in Array in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2k6osJPXsgk

302.  Fixing the bug in game  Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqOUYVjllVE

318.  For Each loop in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAFjcAxcNcY

335.  For in and for of loop in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlagmmCwOU4

353.  For loop basics in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26QWcjTdJGM

372.  Functions in variable  User Role in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEX8ohGSOyc

392.  Generating elements and Text node in DOM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEj0IsPa37M

413.  Get Computed properties in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NONbkVx5FAM

435.  Get to know game files.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksV07bvCR3c

458.  Get to know node Elements in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPBPlNABfpk

482.  How to grab web elements in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkOL-mZjq60

507.  How to Handle API in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjbsRjf8QN8

533.  Inheritance in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FX2hGgUPbeY

560.  Introduction to Array in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lr-uGVNM8Ko

588.  Lexical scoping in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qT5S7GgIioE

617.  Light intro to THIS in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTACw0-yAzc

647.  Logic of game  javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0KQP7qfrYo

678.  Logical conditional Login in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uT9n7iIxEw8

710.  Maps in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMfMdE3wifs

743.  Methods and objects in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqBaQHXHwm0

777.  New keyword in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uhp9xPCILno

812.  Objects from MDN docs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IH7TJla_rwY

848.  Objects in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPddGlSIV3M

885.  Operators in javascript  Calculate discount.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxyFRb0_eUQ

923.  Our first User Signup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sb5_BIprKDs

962.  Private props getters and setters in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGR2nH1HIR4

1002.  Promise async and await in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjbr21JLfgg

1043.  Scope chaining in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGGOOYOXoQ4

1085.  Self Executing Anonymous Function and functional programming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRwgc6ERk_g

1128.  Slice and Splice in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1qDSAUclzI

1172.  Solution of Scope problem in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2YoiwVmAa0

1217.  Spread and REST operators in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DoIGxx7P-ps

1263.  Switch for role based access in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wyPpPlFwrI

1310.  Template literals in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXhbV_xgkMo

1358.  Ternary operator in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0HJtkYtjwk

1407.  Type and Operator precedence in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvKktNrJXcY

1457.  Understand the context in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JMXlGt3OSo

1508.  Variable and datatypes in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycLqC41TO1U

1560.  Welcome to Javascript Course.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=papg2tsoFzg

1613.  Welcome to new JavaScript course.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2md4HQNRqJA

1667.  What are conditionals in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx7N3QGrVWE

1722.  What are Javascript engines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMKWdLX9w3M

1778.  What ES version of javascript is good for us.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z-VseyACaE

1835.  What is DOM (1597556).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkXAGe7SLm0

1893.  What is DOM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkXAGe7SLm0

1952.  What is new in Javascript 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwHJCTXg6Es

2012.  What is proto in javascript (1709932).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9CaKd2bq-E

2073.  What is proto in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9CaKd2bq-E

2135.  While and do while loops in javascript (1925169).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCl3W4kR4-c

2198.  While and do while loops in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCl3W4kR4-c

2262.  Why iife appears in javascript interviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ex652LPfUdA
Javascript course