
001 1960 Floyd Cramer Last Date
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvfG9uFswis&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

634-5789
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHroqzT7xkU&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Baby Love - Diana Ross & The Supremes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eYAilmqe9w&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Bill Haley - Rock Around The Clock (1956)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5fsqYctXgM&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Bobby Darin - Dream Lover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVHAQX5sSaU&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Bobby Fuller Four - I Fought The Law(1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgtQj8O92eI&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Bobby Lewis - Tossin' and Turnin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geEhNsdJLzY&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Bobby Vee   Run to Him American Bandstand 1965
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUqMNIsYI4w&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Bobby Vee & The Strangers - Come Back When You Grow Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2C3ZTMwaek&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Book Of Love by The Monotones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIfuNPbBaaA&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

catch the wind Donovan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BS8RZsOZ1Dw&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Chubby Checker   La Paloma Twist 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSbFskppq4k&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

chubby checker & dee dee sharp slow twist 1962
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCO4sRLzsGk&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

CHUBBY CHECKER - LIMBO ROCK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfrqaujLY8c&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Chubby Checker - LOSE YOUR INHIBITIONS TWIST - 1962 - Rare & Swingin!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zkv0hD7tW1w&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Chubby Checker - Peppermint Twist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tF80F79rywM&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Chubby Checker - Twist Along
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE_ouiCcnr8&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Chubby Checker - Twistin' USA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgFF7CXWf4E&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Chuck Berry - Johnny B Good Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWNykOk2ckE&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Chuck Berry - Roll Over Beethoven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLD5H4uQ1xs&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Creedence Clearwater Revival - Down on the Corner 1969
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJAjOlp4Tas&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Danny and the Juniors- At The Hop (lyrics in discription)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6EeObPCMR8&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Dedicated to Frankie lymon & Teenagers - Why Do Fools Fall In Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Ji_C94OXZc&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Del-Chords - Be With You (1963) Doo Wop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrmieeQbsvY&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Dion & The Belmonts I Wonder Why 1958 (1401581)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAPEfdjvTqE&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Dion & The Belmonts I Wonder Why 1958
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAPEfdjvTqE&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Dion The Wanderer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5m6lymJy57E&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Don't Let The Sun Catch You Cryin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtWk6w4LAUs&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Donovan - Catch The Wind (Shindig)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABdHOFdjsu8&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Duane Eddy - Rebel Rouser (Hullabaloo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xulVF_PE5Vg&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Elvis - Hound Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GR3i3H2nR-A&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock (Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj0Rz-uP4Mk&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Fleetwoods Mr Blue Midnight Special
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuY-YyyZAPE&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Gene Chandler - Duke Of Earl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6Uht69h8Is&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Good Golly Miss Molly-Little Richard-original song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5VkTcmQxD8&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Great Early 50's NYC Doo Wop - Harptones - Forever Mine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AkrZTYUCC8&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Green Onions Booker T & The MGS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar-Z_l907DY&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

I Think We`re Alone Now - Tommy James & The Shondells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkMFLUXTEwM&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

In the Still of the Night - Fred Parris and The Satins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBT3oDMCWpI&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

ISLEY BROTHERS - SHOUT [ New Video + Lyrics + Download ]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kke9kaV9sMU&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Jan & Dean - Surf City - 1963
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERrwjR4ZlfI&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Jerry Lee Lewis - Great Balls Of Fire!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpaQwbQ7NYg&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Jerry Lee Lewis - Great Balls of Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IjgZGhHrYY&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

John Fred and The Playboys - Shirley - Great Late 50's Rock and Roll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6-JxDWYJ-A&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Keep on Dancing - The Gentrys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeEs6e0FdwU&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Little Darlin'-The Diamonds-1957
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SaHPgTdF1g&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Little Peggy March - I Will Follow Him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf1e_kc6jUQ&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Little Richard - Tutti Frutti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F13JNjpNW6c&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Love potion number 9, The Searchers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rXhXLsNJL8&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Mafia 2 Radio Soundtrack - The Drifters - Honey love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tq1iMbCMrKs&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Martha & The Vandellas Dancing in the Streets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdvITn5cAVc&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

mr postman - the marvelettes High Quality (Video with artist and music info) must see this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dVt11UZ0uA&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Mungo Jerry - In The Summertime ORIGINAL 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvUQcnfwUUM&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

NANCY SINATRA & LEE HAZLEWOOD-SUMMER WINE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UH800q8qQsg&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Nancy Sinatra - These Boots Are Made for Walkin' (1367763)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbyAZQ45uww&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Nancy Sinatra - These Boots Are Made for Walkin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbyAZQ45uww&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Otis Redding - (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmnZRBTPzg0&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Otis Redding - I Got Dreams To Remember
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ooqqj6q1MeU&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Patches-Dickie Lee-1962
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dpjs9nEBVOQ&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Paul Revere & the Raiders - Indian Reservation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVwEwdIIZD0&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Paul Revere and The Raiders - Kicks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IP8G4clUJBY&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Peppermint Twist - Joey Dee & The Starliters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8wEORnZxdg&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Peter & Gordon World Without Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6WaCVv5kRg&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Pink Shoelaces - Dodie Stevens Live 1959
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGgaZZl_GVg&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

PRETTY WOMAN BY ROY ORBISON ON TOP OF THE POPS 1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPWwGFSBZn0&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Rama Lama Ding Dong-The Edsels-original song-1957-58
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KStsPPgeka4&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Righteous Brothers - Unchained Melody (subtitle in englishsubtitulado español) (Live 1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrK5u5W8afc&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Righteous Brothers You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin' (45 RPM)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8hjtFq3vE0&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

ROCK AND ROLL IS HERE TO STAY~ Danny & The Juniors  (1958)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H19cliu9ILw&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Rock Around the Clock-Bill Haley-original song-1955
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud_JZcC0tHI&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Roddy Jackson - Moose On The Loose - Frantic 50's Rock and Roll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLEQpM9w4T0&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Save the last dance for me - The Drifters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-XQ26KePUQ&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Shoop The Desires '1958
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uFI3Y1fG_c&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Simon & Garfunkel Scarborough Fair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYQaD2CAi9A&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Sincerely The Moonglows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRQ6lg2iWc4&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Ssgt. Barry Sadler - Letter from Vietnam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRQu8F4S6Cw&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

SUPREMES   REFLECTIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsufcpanMx4&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Animals - It's My Life (Hullabaloo - Oct 11, 1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9kT13WXxG8&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

THE ARCHIES - SUGAR SUGAR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSP0e5rXUl8&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Archies - Sugar, Sugar (Original 1969 Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9nE2spOw_o&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Association - Never My Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQJi6_-PjHo&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Box Tops - The Letter (Upbeat 1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIWY8UyW9bw&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Chantels - Maybe (1958)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43ELZ9WRsEI&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Chords - Sh-Boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBgQezOF8kY&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Coasters   -   Charlie Brown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UnPzp2lmNk&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Danleers - One Summer Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJE_NdZVGMM&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Dells - Oh What A Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1ozQT8yQXA&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Diamonds - Little Darlin' (45 RPM record)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50blPXs_F94&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Drifters   -   Stand By Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaqjpfZJjpk&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Drifters - There goes my baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noFS4_oEakI&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Drifters - Under the Boardwalk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPEqRMVnZNU&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Fiestas--So Fine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3rWmfdt7ZY&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Fleetwoods - Poor Little Fool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ur-zZsMOaU&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

the kinks all day and all of the night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4DV-5d6a5g&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Mamas & The Papas California Dreamin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dN3GbF9Bx6E&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Marcels   -   Blue Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0fy1HeJv80&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Marvelettes - Please Mr. Postman (1961)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=425GpjTSlS4&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Penguins - Earth Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Platters -  Only You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e24k-5G_6fc&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Real Ritchie Valens - La Bamba
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jp6j5HJ-Cok&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Seekers - Georgy Girl-1968
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSVfLNCW4Fs&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Seekers - I'll never find another you (1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ga9Bs4fzSY&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Shangri- Las - Remember ( Walking in the Sand)  - Long stereo mix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5YxtweUxrA&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Shirelles - Will You Love Me Tomorrow (Live, 1964)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_cRHw8PAPA&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

THE SHIRELLES-WILL U STILL LOVE ME TOMORROW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbxxkwBQk_o&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Teddy Bears - To know him is to love him  (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIUf6dOGc1c&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

The Who-My Generation. Live on shindig.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2i_es7DDes&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Venus by Shocking Blue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2DBcbZc3ck&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

Who Put The Bomp - Barry Mann
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXmsLe8t_gg&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS

???-?-????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCrFwtbmCXc&list=PLbnusB-ofiRuLUb2i6YnqDR0m-yjof1rS
50's, 60's & 70's (Oldies but Goodies)