
10th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1435893)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFr2XVzK1PU&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

10th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1517351)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFr2XVzK1PU&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

10th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1589756)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFr2XVzK1PU&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

10th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1763838)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFr2XVzK1PU&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

10th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFr2XVzK1PU&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

11th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1207790)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-5dCyAJlDY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

11th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-5dCyAJlDY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

11th May, 12 pm IST Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6sKdUxtPMQ&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

12th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar (1004045)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1In9RsifnS0&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

12th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar (1096705)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1In9RsifnS0&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

12th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1In9RsifnS0&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

12th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1288723)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewYoSTu0B1A&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

12th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewYoSTu0B1A&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

12th May, 1200 pm IST  Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOFxvbnpNlc&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

12th May, 730 pm IST  Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Edm0BQ8XODw&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

13 April 12 pm IST Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oD6jAUduz74&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

13th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1438885)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6iz_XfvFH8&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

13th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6iz_XfvFH8&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

13th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrHngYSHNRs&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

13th May  Gurudev Birthday Celebration  Live Meditation  World Meditation Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8Y90bcZMoQ&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

13th May 12 pm IST  Live Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHfe5gGObxA&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

14th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxrPn7qwt6c&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

14th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLGqv7WSiWs&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

14th May 12 pm IST  Live Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocGAlspBExM&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

15 Minute Quick Meditation with Gurudev (09.07.2020 - Noon)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9zbYoquz0Q&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

15-Minutes Morning Meditation  Short Meditation To Start Your Day  Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eej5VnOypC0&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

15th April, 12 pm IST Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqtraULQvbE&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

15th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMAhUO4IFk8&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

16th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Q_YLBA2914&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

17th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCSEX4Sq1iA&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

17th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4ex3MFjNr0&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

18th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08nvwEUXKdo&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

18th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvONzIVEjwM&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

19th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxS664avFu8&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

1st May 12 pm IST Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4dETVI6HUE&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

20 Minute Meditation For Anxiety Relief  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=il2OpfkxDrY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

20th April, 1200 pm IST Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR9SK7RA4QU&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

20th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFhWFNPbAB8&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

20th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXPCoe_Tmzs&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

22 March  English World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar   Online Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDQg30qCJb0&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

22 March  Hindi World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  Online Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGVm273Oj5M&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

22nd June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUyjvZ4W30c&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

23rd April, 1200 pm IST Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar   World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQOfxyDLToY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

23rd June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1356655)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJbSldHhoz4&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

23rd June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJbSldHhoz4&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

23rd June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1TBLv8d92o&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

24th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdbDkY9HDgA&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

24th May Indian Textile Industry - Interaction with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6U8riSb-ytg&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

24th May, 730 pm IST Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9XgFMvwZVo&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

25th April, 12 pm IST  Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TyQctaZVf0g&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

25th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXk3rm2WHbQ&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

25th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smi8Rp98_7Q&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

25th May 12 noon IST  Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CU859jBr2wY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

26th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWggxxwVrzI&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

26th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6q7QUT9FxM&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

27th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56WYKPHNN1E&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

27th June - Noon  Guided Meditation with Gurudev  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OucooRwo6T8&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

29th April, 12 noon  Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHPnkRPSXlc&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

2nd May, 12 pm IST Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AE012pZuMUo&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

30th April, 12 pm IST Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_WVNGD8Jfs&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

31st May 12 pm Live Meditation with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5ij26FMMsI&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

5th June  Global Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rlq8NL7Vfx4&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

6th June  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1531267)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRgUASON4bg&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

6th June  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1833094)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRgUASON4bg&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

6th June  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1963325)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRgUASON4bg&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

6th June  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRgUASON4bg&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

7th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1646402)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwYqL0BtWjY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

7th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwYqL0BtWjY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

9th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1804335)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvPitUtlMuU&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

9th June - Evening  Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvPitUtlMuU&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

A Guided Meditation for Deep Relaxation World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtfjmlpOf4Q&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

A Meditation for the New Year  World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXCXSBI95hE&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

A New Technique for Deep Meditation Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32IsyAnvOjQ&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

A Simple Guided Meditation with Gurudev (07.07.2020 - Noon)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gJ0HFYpA-I&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Akshaya Tritiya Satsang and Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFhSlYLDZUo&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Align your Body, Mind & Breath Powerful Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7R-l_3xazuk&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

An interaction with Suhel Seth and Indira Jaising with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-rhSnKlWmY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

An Open Eye Meditation Technique  World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eibh-cmd0z4&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Beyond Body, Breath & Mind - A Guided Meditation  Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ud5EljI0GgE&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Buddha Purnima  7th May  Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSg8xQfGrXU&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Daily Meditation For Positivity  Guided Meditation By Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c45CDcrsc9c&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Effortless Meditation with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7S5WzrZsZI&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Energize your Body & Mind - A Powerful Guided Meditation  World Meditates with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZTHUIiJqXc&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Expanding Awareness Meditation ~ 30 Minute Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8hhNKZ2o7E&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Focus Meditation  Meditation for Better Concentration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5S9FWifWckQ&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation For A Deeper Connection  Be One With Nature  Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHCrRGNTryY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation for a Still Mind  Calm Your Mind Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fv8vFpFajNY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation for Anxiety  Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaZT30bXseM&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation for Back Pain by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCc7zNbFDPI&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation for Better Digestion  Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTzwCKh9-tM&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation For Calming The Mind By Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5TFqtua0to&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation for Clarity  From Sound to Silence  Meditation by Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3T8k6DX2wI&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation for Exams  Increase Concentration  Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uc3tapDtic8&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation for Focus  Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5IPfxXsz3Y&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation for Peace of Mind  Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmsyd1m0Ecs&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation For Stress  Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRavEcwc7D4&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation for Will Power  Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6B1WZav3Q_8&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation On 5 Elements with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  International Day Of Yoga 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqUsZgyQtQ8&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation to Calm an Overactive Mind  Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqoXnaDHtaE&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation To Invoke The Light In You  Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUTtccmXH9c&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation To Stop Overthinking  Guided Meditation by Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzzWLZb4a4g&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation with Gurudev (29.06.2020 - Noon)  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IF_ONng0KA&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation with Gurudev (30.06.2020 - Evening)  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0USG5_4occ&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Meditation with Gurudev (30.06.2020 - Noon)  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xoc8m8kjcM&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Guided Sleep Meditation  Meditation for a Good Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XU_aLVqxJps&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Gurdas Maan Interaction  Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar   Sports Quo Vadis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1s6CKtcwaQY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Gurudev interacting with the Dutch Panel  21st Century Skills For The Youth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pw4fPg6Vg0&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Harmonize your energies  World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSTZZzPFW20&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

How to Meditate  Easy Guided Meditation for Beginners  Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfcwEnX_Y6g&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Humming Meditation For Anxiety and Stress  Best Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZkAHYWU1jo&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Inner Space Exploration  Inner Peace Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoZYysNzUKY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Interaction with Anant Goenka, Executive Director, Indian Express Group.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1AlA7qCDsM&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Guided Meditation  Africa Unites  Interaction with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYJQaUEd-AM&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Guided Meditation  Gurinder Chadha and Lord Karan Bilimore in conversation with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-TjTRCkbvY&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Guided Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  Conversation with Luis   World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6buRxGY26c&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  Agility in Body & Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LA6DJmOZCd4&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live interaction on Humanity Against Intimate Terrorism followed by meditation with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MFPVm73N7k&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Meditation  World Meditates  Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar in conversation with PHDCCI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQUgKTAfhA0&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Meditation & World Happiness Fest with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GwxvVdj9Js&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1148875)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5aLJXmo0mE&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1661096)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFefrXdiBMU&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates (1750009)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6joN3HWy71E&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9_ux1YjXXs&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar (1354273)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tPpC7HMPus&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar (1779503)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qq3p6-9yrw8&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar (1844859)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uHFd17N4Ns&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unS7pMpTYyU&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Live Satsang and Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDgORXnFWDI&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditate with your Breath  World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SShjEQfK-w0&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation & Interaction with Gurudev  Hema Malini & Esha Deol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4KWf2aRvLc&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation For Better Sleep  Guided Meditation By Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cgu-mN-4YLs&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation for Concentration & Focus  Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Clt5nL5pJ_A&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation For Deep Rest  Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hcuhMCInww&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation for Headache Relief  Guided Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cbCDNCQ51Y&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation for Inner Peace  Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzldaNJoafM&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation For Positive Energy  Guided Mediation By Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oplMp99cxrs&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation for Positive Energy by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJqaPwZlkN4&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation for Positive Thinking  Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Y--OqStOPw&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation for Restlessness  Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVa4j2_nFdA&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation for Self-Awareness  Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3NO-4Iiues&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation for Stability  Meditation by Gururdev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEmfxcbRsEs&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation For Stress Relief & Anxiety  Get Rid Of Your Stress With This Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xa_-pumo3C4&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation for Stress Relief and Anxiety  Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvHShalKTmI&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation to Connect with your Higher-Self  Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_YmCTDGiD0&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation to Expand your Consciousness  Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo6-UMH_u_g&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Meditation To Tap Your Inner Energy  Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4rdXFjFuF8&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Mental Health and Well-being in Universities  Live Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4sCA2daTng&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Motionless Meditation  Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJ-ELSxxqwo&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Omkar Meditation  Om Guided Meditation By Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWTpDEc6yhk&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Open up your Mind - Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  English & Hindi Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvzClD92AYs&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Overcome Boredom with Meditation  Powerful #GuidedMeditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRWuxIgWarg&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Overcome Restlessness with this Meditation  World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_NiA6PpsB0&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Pause and Renew  A dialogue between Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar and Mr. Mohandas Pai & Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWWKMJvH_Io&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Powerful Meditation For The Mind  Guided Meditation By Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECHxnCJYrpM&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Powerful Muladhara Meditation in Hindi  Chakra Meditations with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQYiYzn2vJo&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Powerful Om Namah Shivaya Chanting Meditation By Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  Lord Shiva Mantra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ylp8Nrligrk&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Renew & Revitalize World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Isum95Sl0PE&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Rewriting Leadership Norms with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdIt763Wx68&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Short Meditation For Beginners  10 Minute Guided Meditation For Relaxation By Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DulNz2CkoHI&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Shower of Grace  A Guided Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQGjOWwtjwo&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Silence Your Thoughts - A Guided Meditation  World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xY_hJzMfP1c&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Strengthen your Aura  Guided Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYXrRajx8ag&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Take a Stress Reduction Break and Meditate 20 Minute Guided Meditation with Gurudev
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_yFAMtfv9c&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

The Art Of Deep Relaxation  Guided Meditation with Gurudev (12.07.2020 Evening)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TM82zvamxU8&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

The Fountain of Breath World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  Breathing Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpjdKCbJ-4U&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

The Rock Meditation  World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-_u24QkDOw&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

The Root Chakra - Guided Meditation for Muladhara Chakra  11th April, 1140 am IST
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hb29IAQnWNU&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

The Zero State Meditation  Meditation by Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKi-hTiUkYc&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

This Meditation will make you forget time  Powerful Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-f794NIK9c&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Unheard Secrets of the Mind - A Meditation  World Meditates with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sx2zCWzbhms&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Unwind After Work  Easy Guided Meditation For Beginners  De-stress After A Long Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMJIFCsMDRw&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Weather the storm & rechart the course  Live Meditation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jETJOfLjRao&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

What World's Top Business Leaders Are Looking For
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcwF2ZlMg3E&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

World Meditates  FICCI in conversation with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EU5Nrkddvk&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

World Renowned Chef Bela Gil in interaction with Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar  World Meditates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1PpJiSbKN4&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE

Yoga Nidra Meditation For Restful Sleep & Relaxation By Gurudev Sri Sri Ravi Shankar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcXemRLVW1Q&list=PLH-0HZ0SQ_PEGUGvc5gz0wlPDXo2tXXlE
Live Guided Meditations with Gurudev