
10 Hours of Hamster Licking Glass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSsFfwfdR0g

A Cute Hamsters Easter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkjOWWM0x1E

Adorable Chipmunk gets his own Kissing Booth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buPYvG0ZKS0

Adorable cross-eyed kitty loves belly rubs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuoO8JdnHbo

Adorable Hamster Falling Asleep while Eating a Treat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvSoEIp_2cY

Adorable new golden retriever puppy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3fSSZ1brQU

Animal Clips - Kangaroo, Armadillo, Fox Cubs and Lemurs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUdNuJjwbNM

AprilsAnimals  - 100,000 Subscribers!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01eDONxLT2g

AprilsAnimals - Hamster Magic Trick (NEW HAMSTER)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdSCvY-gxdk

AprilsAnimals - Taco Taco on her wheel super fast to slo-motion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NQGWR-aHpg

AprilsAnimals Live Hamster Playground Stream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8V0wspJDRo

Award winning russian dwarf hamster eating mealworms - Chicken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5y7Ot5gjyHI

Baby Albino Wallaby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpAwr9wsaXE

Baby Bird Fight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-moDRtn30qg

Baby birds getting fed by mommy robin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODD7DdtLvTo

Baby hedgehog's first belly rub
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhpZ0KVz3pg

Baby Skunk Rescue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHW1oneDi2U

Best of Dumptruck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02VmCwXw0lU

Best of Porkchop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZkCv7MCqYQ

Black Cat, Red Dot.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZC8bZhhIjs

Calendar Contest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OphMqN7SEjk

Cats love boxes - Meet Bubbles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMfG2QIRnHM

Caught Bubbles being naughty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHIlFPm-K78

Chicken the tiny dwarf hamster builds a plan to reach her treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hx4cvP_XIo4

Chipmunk eating in slowmo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_M4Gzs9cX6I

Chippy eating blueberries - video for cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80KIK7ac38c

Cuddling with cuddle duck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Igrqst4diE

Cute chipmunk - Feeding the chipmunks at the cottage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_hO16o613A

Cute Hamster - Porkchop Dreaming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKRZRSeZt80

Cute hamster using herself as a table
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2z4XKb68cY

Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas - Bloopers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ReuHx-cXOrQ

Cute Hamsters Best of 12 Days of Christmas - Compilation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIOPSH3WkE0

Cute Hamsters GO CRAZY in sand bath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pV3hALBQ22w

Cute hamsters grooming each other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTjJfcHKCnA

Cute Hamsters Lettuce Tug 'O' War
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bi3IsrDJP0o

Cutest hamster family you'll see this week
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ot0tRuKii8g

Day 1 Advent Calendar - Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFWDJvEFxxk

Day 10 Christmas Town - Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfCpbtQcPUw

Day 11 Christmas Hats - Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdqV5qmNNrM

Day 12 Merry Christmas - Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH53cWs7OzU

Day 2 O Christmas Tree - Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6ryFyjM1Hw

Day 3 Christmas Treats - Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hktUnz99B0I

Day 4 A Present for Dumptruck - Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvN8MLfm6go

Day 5 A Present for Porkchop - Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61m8rdGmS7I

Day 6 Christmas Magic Trick - Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ug_ye9hFMIk

Day 7 Tobogganing - Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8nV_m_meqY

Day 8 Hamsters Love Boxes Too - Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59WfPjfuwLA

Day 9 Building a Snowman - Cute Hamsters 12 Days of Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydSE7dcYOAA

Dramatic Chipmunk (That is actually a chipmunk)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwfA6_wIOc0

Duck Petting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEPeY8lyANM

Dumptruck eating on her back Part 2 - EVEN CUTER!! How long can she go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwU9oPeIPYM

Dumptruck's Surgery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMgOWpqqdf4

Ever wonder what it looks like when a hamster yawns
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_rleQecOps

Feeding chipmunks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVBMc6zunOE

Feeding groundhogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zU5bIosEK7A

Feeding the Cute Chipmunk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCkcFCRHmR0

Follow me my children
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4K_AdX71Ek

Friendly Prairie Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYzL1hecjzU

Funny Baby Ducks Play with IPAD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8GciCuUdCc

Funny Hamster Fail - Like a dog with a bone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RMO8XtutMQ

HALLOWEEN DOG Costume Parade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdCMQa6NRDk

Hamster does tiny hurdles - Soda Pop in training
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhmMjbsvUp8

Hamster Mukbang ASMR - Starring Rocket and Brimley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYwjz_9xZPM

Hamster Predicts 2014 World Cup Finals - Germany vs Argentina
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rTb9Qjqp2Q

Hamster Predicts 2014 World Cup Semi-Finals - Argentina vs Netherlands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KsXmo8i4fA

Hamster Predicts 2014 World Cup Semi-Finals - Germany vs Brazil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2ZsXLIXNeo

Hamster Training - Tiny Soda Pop practices her hurdles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbBE2BgmiRE

Hamster wheel in slow motion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHI2hzL-pcQ

Happy 150th Canada from Cinnamon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEFq2ZIuBjE

Happy Birthday Dumptruck and Porkchop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTI07eJTpoA

Happy Hamster Easter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbbGggJ4_fU

Hmmm, I don't remember getting a new pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTa3pAIKiS8

Holding a 1 week old baby goat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ2EP6mhfnQ

Holding a baby Wallaby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQeNhOr5r7o

If anyone ever asks you why you love hamsters, show them this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixQSkLNHl7E

Jared Feeds the chipmunks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqYXttmmp7o

Jerk Duck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZllsdsuF2M

Kitten jumping at window
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFdtlr1C-sE

Lickin' Chicken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RElMEfzr45s

Live stream with Rocket the hamster in his playground.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9Go7lz0VpY

Meet Porkchop and Dumptruck - Cute Hamsters Having Fun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoEo6zy-nls

Meet Waffle The Ouchmouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgyt-NJU5KQ

Meeting Baby Chicks - Happy Easter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bE7ygd0a4DA

Merry Christmas from Soda Pop and Taco Taco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wiGugxGT_c

Name That Hedgehog Contest!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hepfrwg4jqA

Night Vision Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wB_PlFGIB4g

Opportunist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cxUX_pbC24

Parc Safari - Feeding the Deer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LnBxZeCWPA

Parc Safari
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TFnUNaBD7Q

Paws On Glass- Hamster begging for treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxrXvw3DYfI

Petting and Feeding the Chipmunks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYtltOIQWSA

Petting petting chipmunks... petting petting chipmunks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tG-rit61074

Playful lion cub up close and personal with GoPro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ou8LbqK-azA

Polar Bear at Quebec City Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcbSxcRZI3g

Porkchop's hamster saucer - SUPER FAST then SUPER CUTE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x086waTwY1Y

Pugs Kissing - Puppy make out session
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qE9qA1cK-bU

Puppy reunited with her favourite toy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjlGofpaJrQ

Puppy Yoga
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQAbwIKwINs

Quick Tip  How to trim your hamster's nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MB7SmnY3Xyc

Red Kangaroo is Itchy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiQ1nhrPXWM

Russian Dwarf Hamster - Chicken Eating her pumpkin seed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3s97ZF6Ro4

Slo-mo Duck Jump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Io-ELO8d7C4

Slow Motion Seagull
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8rvU0x6psM

Sneak Peek Superslide Training
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cTCbJvkl_U

Soda Pop Eating a Morning Treat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMjmvUnntiY

Super cute awesome dwarf hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2NSk5kYk7Q

Superbowl XLIX Prediction Cute Hamsters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRZoDe8Tj9c

Taco Taco & Soda Pop - hamster sand bath in a tiny tub
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVDXI659nQs

Taco Taco fast asleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSm2GT3nTVM

Taco Taco Hamster Extreme Macro Closeup in Slow Motion - The tiny whiskers are to die for
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_fuDmwNbMc

Taco Taco happily eating a treat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLSLL9s9clk

Taco Taco loves grapes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPIqBjL0Kmc

Taco Taco running laps with treat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-qmcdEx7-A

Taco Taco's Morning Treat - Can you guess what it is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KmMERx0PLg

Tame Tame Taco Taco Hamster Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebpmB1WcXbo

TeaserTrailer for Hamster Treasure Hunt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONIYb7Bzm0c

Teeny little hamster versus gigantic wheel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlpjS0BGsB8

The Fattest Bear I've Ever Seen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sncnbBFip-U

Tigers at the Granby Zoo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBrtix5uz0Q

Tiniest little baby hamster eating broccoli
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qq5i_scq_ts

Tiny Breakfast for an Itty Bitty Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IIiTdrnWQ0

Tiny Dwarf Hamster Agility Course - Dumptruck Vs Porkchop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWkLiFwgeW0

Tiny Dwarf Hamster Eating a Tiny Pizza - Behind the scenes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5OwzhXM0rE

Tiny dwarf hamster eating a tiny pizza
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNf-IGmxElI

Tiny Dwarf Hamster in a Tiny Mansion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoJVGFGhuVM

Tiny Dwarf Hamster in a Tiny Playground - Step by step tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrQXLY6TJFI

Tiny Dwarf Hamster in a Tiny Playground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fu7D0KKmZGM

Tiny Dwarf Hamster Treasure Hunt - Starring Dumptruck & Porkchop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coPJCAZGUDc

Tiny Ferris Wheel in Hamsterland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucGzXSDS5OY

Tiny Super Slide in Hamsterland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yix2m_a25l0

Twin Baby Dwarf Hamsters Munching on their First Treat.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryrLcygmAeM

Two Hamsters in a Tiny Playground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yESL-NeAkBk

Two Hamsters One Wheel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU5GwHu77j8

Valentines Cage Tour - AprilsAnimals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92eqWXLN7BM

Welcome to AprilsAnimals Youtube Channel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DAUnOTpdg0

When you're trying to sleep and you can't get that itch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBGWIezpQU0

When your regular barber is still on lockdown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_icGpCKgkrM

Where is Porkchop (right here having a treat ))
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGH7cO8IEhk

Will It Pouch - 4K Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3BCYk04d3M

You Laugh You Lose - AprilsAnimals Funny Animals Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQGICWFxP9Y
AprilsAnimals - Videos