
1.  4 NON BLONDES - WHAT´S UP ( live ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fz2OUoJpR7k&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

2.  Afternoons & Coffeespoons - Crash Test Dummies - 1994.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3UVlpbCpZw&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

3.  Air Supply - All Out Of Love (Live in Hong Kong).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1EPtz1Uk4s&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

4.  Alan Parsons - Sirius  Eye In The Sky (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdyto5rf0HU&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

5.  America - You Can Do Magic 2005.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBTKVjs_I1w&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

6.  Beautiful Sunday- Daniel Boone- 1972.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K37BhzM0I8I&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

7.  Bellamy Brothers  - Let Your Love Flow 2012.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDNbvwlRu6I&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

8.  Bellamy Brothers - Let Your Love Flow (1976) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQQj2rQBFvA&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

9.  Better Than Nothing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWSJEAGOq74&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

10.  Big Country Live - Look Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpGMVt0C6dM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

11.  Bryan Ferry - Jealous Guy [2007-02-10 London].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zD_VrFJOnss&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

12.  Clarence Clemons & Jackson Browne - You're a Friend of Mine (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=087mi1e46us&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

13.  CLASSIX NOUVEAUX - Guilty (1981).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kYicKrvo-s&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

14.  Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over (Live At Sydney Opera House).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zguFTB8RuGM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

15.  Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over Live (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I52eefwAKDE&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

16.  Crystal Gayle - Eddie Rabbitt - duet - you and I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0sxMMsDgtM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

17.  Danny Wilson ' Mary's Prayer '.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcRJiRxBEro&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

18.  Dave Mason-We Just Disagree.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8_FOQ7-P30&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

19.  Dennis Deyoung Desert Moon (Subtítulado.).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQBk6wJZou4&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

20.  Do You Miss Me - Morris Albert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsOOxUb24GA&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

21.  Doobie Brothers - Listen To The Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJqk2yWUGTM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

22.  Electric Light Orchestra - Hold On Tight (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkekqVPIc2M&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

23.  ELVIS PRESLEY Kentucky Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YU2U3QAUGak&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

24.  Fooled Around And Fell In Love - Elvin Bishop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nvglqc3QYq8&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

25.  Gallery -  It's So Nice To Be With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cFm2a5vykc&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

26.  Gene Loves Jezebel ~ The Motion Of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6vmCJujsaM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

27.  Glass Tiger - My Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tu8JFZw3L6A&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

28.  Go Go's   Live in Central Park 2001 part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjNZcGP-jAk&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

29.  Goo Goo Dolls - Iris [Official Live Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFmt2Y3nNDk&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

30.  Have You Ever Seen the Rain - John Fogerty (Creedence Clearwater Revival).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnuB_DjhC0M&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

31.  HOOBASTANK - the reason (live Mtv2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n02-qSsXojg&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

32.  Icehouse - Crazy   (Live in Sydney)  Moshcam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bl8p2iAy2ec&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

33.  Icehouse - Electric Blue (Live in Sydney)  Moshcam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvml5v2j2JM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

34.  Icehouse - Great Southern Land   (Live in Sydney)  Moshcam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMwh-nFeHto&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

35.  Iggy Pop - Real Wild Child (Wild One).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFISxt-5pKY&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

36.  Jesse Cook  Fall at Your Feet (Live at The Rose Theatre).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibggo2ygmAw&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

37.  John Lennon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJsg29cpj_s&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

38.  Little River Band - Cool Change Live! `1981 HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mC5PBPpr7Js&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

39.  Lovers in the Wind Roger Hodgson, co-founder of Supertramp.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCGsrqwM9FI&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

40.  Maneater (1988) - Hall & Oates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUxzJqDOq0A&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

41.  Maneater (1995) - Hall&Oates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXIPiKb-D2g&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

42.  Moody Blues - Nights in White Satin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjUqfRrWwcM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

43.  Mr  Big   Wild World   Live at Budokan 2009.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Hiz7xS93pA&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

44.  Mr. Big - To Be With You (Live from the living room).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTtQtO1bNZY&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

45.  Night Ranger - Goodbye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg-KJSv-2aE&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

46.  no matter what.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogjFSW7PqRY&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

47.  Orleans  - Dance With Me (1141759).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-IXJLgRnvs&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

48.  Orleans  - Dance With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-IXJLgRnvs&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

49.  Orleans - Still The One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrPnBkjdaFM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

50.  Orleans-Still The One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3s8Ji9bnaE&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

51.  Paul McCartney - Get Out Of My Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKKNETjJqTA&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

52.  Paul McCartney - Peace In The Neighborhood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrEXElLpxTo&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

53.  Procol Harum - A Whiter Shade of Pale, live in Denmark 2006.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=St6jyEFe5WM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

54.  R.E.M. - The One I Love (Perfect Square '04).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2XubQsVwtY&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

55.  Roxy Music, Avalon, Live at the Apollo 2001[HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MD64krIG0J0&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

56.  Scandal, Patty Smyth - Goodbye To You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_50-gOeBilc&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

57.  Shawn Mullins - Lullaby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hG9C0VwruXE&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

58.  Simply Jesse by Rex Smith with Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaREuFYjcYY&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

59.  Splender - I Think God Can Explain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw0GiDHX6Q0&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

60.  Stampeders - Sweet City Woman (1971 - HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CPt3eSBJiQ&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

61.  Suspicious Mind - Elvis Presley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBmAPYkPeYU&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

62.  Talking Heads - Wild Wild Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NXkM8PsPXs&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

63.  The Alarm - Rescue me..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbJ59BM5T_k&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

64.  The Calling - Wherever You Will Go  Live In Paris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWFzX4mXu5Q&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

65.  The Choirboys - Run To Paradise (1987, Enhanced).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2cZ732OQt4&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

66.  The Cult - Rain (Live  1986).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbQfidh8wfA&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

67.  The Cult - She Sells Sanctuary 2001 Live Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfo5g2p7IZE&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

68.  The Outfield - All The Love In The World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvKJ8_7vBxs&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

69.  The Outfield - My Paradise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JG6bA5GJ1hc&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

70.  The Outfield - Since You've Been Gone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiMineG1w3U&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

71.  The Outfield - Your Love (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N1iwQxiHrs&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

72.  The Way You Do The Things You Do - UB40.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaOx6bbPPns&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

73.  Tom Jones, Help Yourself, Festival de Viña 2007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THYWuznmMak&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

74.  Tom Petty - Free Fallin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWJXDG2i0A&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

75.  Train - Hey Soul Sister (Live on Letterman).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8C4cRGRzXtg&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

76.  UB40 & Chrissie Hynde - I Got You Babe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AH7tXaoNRSo&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

77.  WE'RE ALL ALONE  Live) ?Boz Scaggs (360p).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbpsaYqkwHw&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

78.  Westlife - I Have A Dream with Lyrics (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jRwWhOt0_g&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

79.  Westlife - No Matter What - Boyzone, with Lyrics,.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYgRU0Slzxk&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

80.  You Are The Woman,   FIREFALL .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIX2vzyizoM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

81.  ? Scottish Music - I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) ? BEST VERSION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggu0ZqqBq4k&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

82.  ??????????Ronan Keating When You Say Nothing at All ??? ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bck0aY7dtiY&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

83.  ????«You Raise Me Up ».ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW1dXDb7aDw&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi
60s 70s 80s 90s live concert