
1.  500 BALLOONS FILLED IN BEDROOM!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wk_3yvBcGIs

2.  8 COLLARED LIZARD EGGS HATCHED!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPQhitiObOs

3.  ALL MY GECKOS (Leopard, Crested and Scorpion Tailed Geckos).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giG8mQpCGpY

4.  ALL MY PET BUGS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVidFpommO0

5.  ANNOUNCEMENT!! Reptile Competition VS Lord Elion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4Revskx0_g

6.  BABY BLUE COLLARED LIZARDS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYuUWdZDj8o

7.  BABY COLLARED LIZARD FEEDING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7el_XClx9I

8.  Baby Collared Lizard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frk15ZtFCjw

9.  Baby Tortoise Eats His First Pumpkin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeHGMLXJSCM

10.  BABY TORTOISE MAZE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtP8iS_Inpk

11.  BEARDED DRAGON THANKSGIVING FEAST.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2F9EWcqErl8

12.  Bioactive POISON DART FROG Vivarium & Feeding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDmWpypgfMY

13.  BREEDING DUBIA ROACHES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Ei-ghXS-jM

14.  BUILDING 2 HOMES FOR NEW LIZARDS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCX9FjM80sI

15.  CHRIS'S REPTILE ROOM TOUR & FEEDING PART 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxQ83u-jgqw

16.  CHRIS’S REPTILE ROOM TOUR & FEEDING!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aulSUOwCGog

17.  COLLARED LIZARD 2 YEAR TRANSFORMATION!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTqj8Ysmgj4

18.  COLLARED LIZARD ART TIME LAPSE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xhtw4Zdvpa8

19.  COLLARED LIZARD BRUMATION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NupVaA3EPtY

20.  Collared Lizard Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Lod-whLnQE

21.  COLLARED LIZARD EGGS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkSCNSCgJgY

22.  COLLARED LIZARD MAZE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAv6oXo0exs

23.  COLLARED LIZARD SETUP (GIVEAWAY!!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LS5av-1G6U

24.  DESERT REPTILE TERRARIUM!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7TQKz8nc4Q

25.  Dollar Store Crested Gecko Enclosure Competition VS Lord Elion!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ud6JzaJHeU

26.  DON'T LOOK A GORILLA IN THE EYES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAC3uYL4Wc4

27.  DRAW MY PETS CHALLENGE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqFeFp96loM

28.  DREAM PET ENCLOSURE SETUP!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW-mysUomT4

29.  EPIC CHRISTMAS WRAPPING ROOM PRANK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-oQvpA40hg

30.  Exotic Pet Store In Mexico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCSj3tQCFEI

31.  EXPLORING A ZOO IN COSTA RICA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zihkO7x3BZ4

32.  Family Reunion-Collard Lizards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7D79rKJX1c

33.  Feeding All My 17 Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf_3Nj_7uLI

34.  FEEDING ALL MY 25 PETS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5M1Y7Jl1eHI

35.  Fighting Crabs In Florida.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HB2w2dKG5Zw

36.  GECKO BOWL!! LEOPARD GECKOS PREDICT SUPER BOWL LIII.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pddyOLKlM-E

37.  GECKO BOWL!! LEOPARD GECKOS PREDICT SUPERBOWL LII.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDrmEcxhG7s

38.  GECKOS PREDICT KSI VS LOGAN FIGHT!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUYxguDfp60

39.  GIVING ALL MY PETS A BATH.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLpTQMBQ8zM

40.  Goodbye Apollo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_W1VrxrbYPk

41.  Got A Helicopter In Hollywood! (BIRTHDAY SURPRISE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGca2XZVg2U

42.  HAND FEEDING COLLARED LIZARDS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eceXv-T2wV8

43.  HAUNTED REPTILE ROOM!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sO_gmy7irI

44.  HERPING FOR DESERT IGUANAS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5UjECxa47U

45.  HERPING FOR HORNED LIZARDS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVVIkmfTg2s

46.  HERPING in COSTA RICA!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnlCkosLLpg

47.  HERPING IN PALM SPRINGS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKR9Fj3927g

48.  HOW MANY REPTILES AM I GETTING IN 2019 SNAKES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJcihtxrHKU

49.  HOW MUCH MONEY HAVE I SPENT ON MY REPTILES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6QV3AfHCw4

50.  How to Build a Dart Frog Vivarium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dQREqze74A

51.  How To Build A Desert Terrarium Custom Background.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuQr3OECd6M

52.  HOW TO BUILD A NATURAL VIVARIUM (12X12X18).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VWEHR2tIXU

53.  How To Build a Naturalistic Live Vivarium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izkOX7kHCIY

54.  How To Build A Tortoise Table.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COuav_iY_ls

55.  HOW TO CULTURE FRUIT FLIES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIrZTDwX1x0

56.  HOW TO SHIP REPTILES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJpjB65pX4g

57.  HOW TO TREAT REPTILE MITES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOpnR25yGRc

58.  HUGE COLLARED LIZARD ENCLOSURE! (48x24x24).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQKZtMR7vFY

59.  HUGE REPTILE ZOO TOUR!! With THE REAL MOWGLI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_goHHgQThI

60.  I GOT A VENUS FLYTRAP!! (Feeding).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wu4i-JCzd8

61.  I GOT MY DREAM REPTILE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy1aPiV_DY4

62.  I'M FINALLY GETTING A SNAKE!!??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvgBkDvknSg

63.  INSANE REPTILE ROOM TOUR!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiRHo9vP_4U

64.  INTRODUCING 2 FEMALE COLLAREDS TO ZEUS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAuWIKP7Vek

65.  IT'S HIS BIRTHDAY!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KX-BDqu7uY

66.  LEGLESS LIZARDS! Reptile Room Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z65T_DE3Vps

67.  LEOPARD GECKO ENCLOSURE UPGRADE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKwJGZGND68

68.  LEOPARD GECKO GINGERBREAD WONDERLAND.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oi1FK3encIw

69.  LEOPARD GECKO MAZE PART 2!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TWIFQvXDyU

70.  LEOPARD GECKO MAZE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAYOqpNbFeo

71.  Leopard Geckos Roaming My Room.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMRBIGq9VDA

72.  LIVING IN PARADISE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1BHc5JvIjY

73.  LIZARD NEST BOXES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8s0ZHj6UWo

74.  Mannequin Challenge Reptile Edition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzSCddmXGzY

75.  MEET ALL OF MY PETS! (19 Exotic Animals) 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OXy7plny14

76.  MORE BABY COLLARED LIZARDS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7iJRzuEQtA

77.  MORE COLLARED LIZARD BABIES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6uyr52t3D8

78.  Moving My Reptile Room To NEW HOUSE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hCBSetel0M

79.  MY BABY COLLARED LIZARDS HATCHED!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0X-ZghNd9s

80.  MY COLLARED LIZARD LAID EGGS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6dbjq4CLcY

81.  My Dream Garage (Car collection).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALru1FE3tvA

82.  My First Q&A Reptile Edition!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9wzATQLaro

83.  MY FIRST SNAKE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2Gmm62ASKQ

84.  Naming All My 13 Reptiles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MikCJ4Rl_o

85.  NEW CRESTED GECKO ENCLOSURE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LQfl9XpOEQ

86.  NEW HOME for CHERRY HEAD TORTOISE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC44cnuEpL0

87.  NEW LIGHTNING YELLOW COLLARED LIZARDS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMGrPlhKakI

88.  NEW PINK ORCHID MANTIS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJDp4IPpIJ8

89.  NEW RARE GECKO Feeding & Enclosure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0EhZ-7Ts_A

90.  NEW REPTILE ROOM New House.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_0VTCvIw_g

91.  NEW REPTILE ROOMHOUSE TOUR!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCbYDEKIMGQ

92.  NEW TORTOISE ENCLOSURE!!        ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crfwlocE730

93.  PET EXPO OC FAIR (Repticon, Police K-9, Fish, Birds).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1H9-PMzjDkQ

94.  Pomona Reptile Super Show 2017!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHxu1iBBgM8

95.  POMONA REPTILE SUPER SHOW 2018!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4YZ9vvdwfA

96.  POMONA REPTILE SUPER SHOW AUGUST 2018!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LE-9zdvqSQ

97.  POMONA REPTILE SUPER SHOW JANUARY 2019!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNy1dSZonfg

98.  PREPPING MY REPTILE ROOM FOR VACATION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HuGf9IGIjc

99.  Repticon Costa Mesa, CA! October 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-j3IVhMtyI

100.  Repticon Costa Mesa, CA!! November 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcrUWr5QEJY

101.  Repticon Pickups (Poison Dart Frogs).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEssZnnXmBs

102.  REPTICON PICKUPS! THREE NEW PETS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXjwxp9nTYU

103.  REPTICON PICKUPS!! TWO NEW PETS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpHb-h7-sXA

104.  Reptile and Amphibian Room Tour August 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBW1C8g3Sms

105.  Reptile and Amphibian Room Tour July 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ut2SDdEeQ60

106.  Reptile and Amphibian Room Tour October 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLfTQOmMHVU

107.  Reptile and Amphibian Room Tour Summer 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzVTgr1ATlw

108.  Reptile Collection July 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HXAr4kVfVc

109.  Reptile Feeding Day 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRJUnGYAv08

110.  Reptile Feeding Day Summer 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DAF6ox4MMQ

111.  Reptile Feeding in SLOW MOTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTyNnKv-wFo

112.  REPTILE ISLAND TOUR.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wvnYBT-g8E

113.  Reptile Room 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y6gjL-joyg

114.  Reptile Room Feeding Day 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjQacTuqmZw

115.  Reptile Room Tour (HerpTime).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xroqun_gvH0

116.  Reptile Room Tour April 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbXWsfjXRVk

117.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR APRIL 2020!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0a1gMiDkec

118.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR DECEMBER 2017!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=626za4o8ALo

119.  Reptile Room Tour February 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYEyy3ibzwc

120.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR FEBRUARY 2018!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMNleRxPdAE

121.  Reptile Room Tour January 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzPRUefCAz0

122.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR JANUARY 2018 NEW AND IMPROVED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eix6GlKvwIo

123.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR JANUARY 2019!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfGzWjs81Xw

124.  Reptile Room Tour July 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiCh29sBW2w

125.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR JULY 2018 ft. Chris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIhcrvy2_ZE

126.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR JULY 2018!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5esY4Mq44sY

127.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR JUNE 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfe5dmaanI4

128.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR JUNE 2018!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yVkIvHU15c

129.  Reptile Room Tour March 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaLUgMT57tQ

130.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR MARCH 2018 (20 pets!!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnohzdtHkQQ

131.  Reptile Room Tour May 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eyodwLrGvU

132.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR MAY 2019!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1SGocVuVfg

133.  Reptile Room Tour November 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruZZ1Ghv9j8

134.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR NOVEMBER 2017!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lhgTi0v_rI

135.  Reptile Room Tour October 2017 (Halloween Themed).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSMgxWabY0Q

136.  Reptile Room Tour September 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_e9Zou19AQI

137.  Reptile Room Tour September 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3Lud3Otf10

138.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR SEPTEMBER 2018!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4huFctwT7bY

139.  REPTILE ROOM TOUR! (25 PETS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjVgnPPX90w

140.  REPTILE ROOM UPDATE (1614811).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_4uZleTd2E

141.  REPTILE ROOM UPDATE (1820980).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9boUtFU1i0

142.  REPTILE ROOM UPDATE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-A9vgZHYmHY

143.  Reptile Show Pickups!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_w3p-AtBppY

144.  REPTILE SUPER SHOW PICKUPS 2018! (FOUR NEW PETS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRjvoZDCru0

145.  REPTILE SUPER SHOW PICKUPS 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McYJEOibySw

146.  REPTILE SUPER SHOW! Anaheim 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0M1zfD_cnc

147.  Reptile Super Show, Pomona 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GF_vGj7JZYM

148.  REPTILE ZOO with THE REAL TARZANN!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-R83WjoLOg

149.  REPTILES THAT I WOULD NEVER KEEP AS PETS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gorvQdtci5o

150.  Reptiles, Amphibians & Invertebrates at REPTICON CA 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrq5IXvyPVg

151.  REPTILIAN NATION EXPO HIGH DESERT 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVmeJdVuj-8

152.  RETICULATED PYTHONS with JAY BREWER!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrG_rANk0h8

153.  SAN DIEGO REPTILE SUPER SHOW 2018!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddmhusvHDOo

154.  SAN DIEGO REPTILE SUPER SHOW 2019!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eo3NAQ0ZQDc

155.  SATANIC LEAF-TAILED GECKOS! ft. Reptiliatus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oB04iqbKaM

156.  SCORPION TAILED GECKO CARE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZ-I4QRMFkc

157.  SCORPION TAILED GECKO UNBOXING! (RARE LIZARD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62BkdCsd_r8

158.  SNAKE ROOM TOUR! (Rude Dogg Reptiles).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqGCqJ2LJ9Q

159.  SPINY TAILED IGUANAS IN CANCUN!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsSdl6jvly8

160.  STEALING HIS REPTILES PRANK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gezked330YM

161.  TATTOO PRANK ON MOM!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3F2pFyOiUQ

162.  THANKSGIVING TORTOISE FEAST!! Feeding Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrhSqjVWr-o

163.  THE WORLD'S LARGEST PET EXPO!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEf4Dq45xh4

164.  THIS SLOPE WAS HUGE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MK_J90j1yo

165.  TOP 5 BEGINNER REPTILES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eS9duMpOSx8

166.  TOP 5 FAVORITE REPTILES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vp7pBgO-Wg4

167.  TRADED A REPTILE FOR THIS PET.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6mGe6u-rF8

168.  UNBOXING My NEW REPTILE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbrdmHvmFo0

169.  UNBOXING MYSTERY PACKAGE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nU5LCx690Q

170.  UNBOXING ONE OF MY DREAM REPTILES!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qevkKyoh5XU

171.  Unboxing Plants From Josh's Frogs (Updating Enclosures) ER Bros.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0U1ROKLw0U

172.  WE FOUND GIANT CROCODILES IN COSTA RICA!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DubOJzlSyE

173.  What Is It Like Owning 12 Reptiles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLG5gLL37M4

174.  WHAT SNAKE SHOULD WE GET.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mkYPimfBAg

175.  WHAT'S IN THE BOX CHALLENGE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0B_l4tmzynQ

176.  WHO KNOWS MY REPTILES THE BEST.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e26mt3PSUL4

177.  WHY COLLARED LIZARDS MAKE GREAT PETS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udCpsH10MC4
ER Bros - Videos