
All I Have To Do Is Dream - Everly Brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbU3zdAgiX8&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

B.J.Thomas - Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hziG9Nr6KHU&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Bill Haley & His Comets- Rock Around The Clock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zju6KbP_1xY&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Bobby Darin - Beyond the sea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8OlDPqYBLw&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Bobby Vinton - Mr. Lonely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djU4Lq_5EaM&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Chordettes - Lollipop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rYoRaxgOE0&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Chubby Checker - The Twist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jh189-uIEg&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Chuck Berry - Maybelline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RAfxiyMKAk&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Chuck Berry-You Never Can Tell-1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuM2FTq5f1o&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Del Shannon - Runaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0S13mP_pfEc&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Dion The Wanderer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5m6lymJy57E&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Frank Sinatra - Come Fly with Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KEPvQMkN9s&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Gene Chandler - Duke Of Earl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6Uht69h8Is&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

I Can't Help Myself (Sugar Pie, Honey Bunch)...Four Tops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6e4oxUWZl4&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Jerry Lee Lewis - Great Balls of Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IjgZGhHrYY&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Little Eva - The Locomotion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNNW0SPkChI&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Marty Robbins - El Paso
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zBzZJd-nfw&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Mary Wells - My Guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZyj-1QzFHw&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Maurice Williams & the Zodiacs - Stay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1Z_hskvz1M&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

My Girl   The Temptations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swSytFVMHuU&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Ray Charles ~ Hit the road jack  (1961)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNV38OJE3fk&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Roger Miller - King of the Road - With Lyrics!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrhAC0dFis0&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Rosemary Clooney - Come On-A My House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mriXncI96lw&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

The Chordettes - Mr. Sandman, 1954
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaHS1K3H66c&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

The Chords - Sh-Boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBgQezOF8kY&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

The Crew Cuts - Sh Boom Sh Boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9G0-4TWwew&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

The Drifters - Under the Boardwalk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPEqRMVnZNU&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

The Four Lads -  Istanbul (not Constantinople)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wcze7EGorOk&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

The Marcels   -   Blue Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0fy1HeJv80&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

The Marvelettes - Please Mr. Postman (1961)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=425GpjTSlS4&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

Thurston Harris - Little Bitty Pretty One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8j4mn4eF-c&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP

WITCH DOCTOR (David Seville)  1958 original version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmjrTcYMqBM&list=PLx90vJz0YeHQzaTEUL7OndPHrI5YAvHYP
Best of 50s Pop