
1.  Bar Talk  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJmoHxuwZHQ&pp=sAQA

2.  Bar Talk (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtugnLmWYRg&pp=sAQA

3.  Bar Talk (Ep. 3)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3NXkrvAbyc&pp=sAQA

4.  Bar Talk (Ep. 4)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBUvTT4fIGo&pp=sAQA

5.  Best Floyd Mayweather Interview  The Diego Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsdzflTXBVQ&pp=sAQA

6.  Black and Can't Play Basketball  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3Xy0xOwmFY&pp=sAQA

7.  Car Talk  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpBWRO4MDyw&pp=sAQA

8.  Car Talk (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PjYYvzLQmo&pp=sAQA

9.  Car Talk (Ep. 3)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPk02eDWA9w&pp=sAQA

10.  Car Talk ft El Chapo (Ep. 4)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlcQFVMzd80&pp=sAQA

11.  Christmas Songs with Diego  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApVBQpu4xJo&pp=sAQA

12.  Cooking with White People  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhJvhfuTNDQ&pp=sAQA

13.  Couples Therapy  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wx-CLsOEdt4&pp=sAQA

14.  Couples Therapy (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfD3CFldKLQ&pp=sAQA

15.  Couples Therapy (Ep. 3)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjAH7CSZPik&pp=sAQA

16.  Couples Therapy (Ep. 4)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VGvCHSDOrU&pp=sAQA

17.  Couples Therapy (Ep. 5)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNsftFw67S8&pp=sAQA

18.  Couples Therapy (Ep. 6)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdDxkHK42Sc&pp=sAQA

19.  Customer Service  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6D4mGSvEe4I&pp=sAQA

20.  Customer Service (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_8NuOWq2Ng&pp=sAQA

21.  Customer Service (Ep. 3)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RD68vJmJDM&pp=sAQA

22.  Customer Service (Ep. 4)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQv_LZ9bOnM&pp=sAQA

23.  Customer Service (Ep.5)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GelcMNgzi0o&pp=sAQA

24.  Date Night  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7W6XbNoy7w&pp=sAQA

25.  Date Night 2  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moxIh_-jolE&pp=sAQA

26.  Dating Tips with Twon  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMSlNb-D8_g&pp=sAQA

27.  Diego at the Bank  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tm19P1PMHtA&pp=sAQA

28.  Diego Gets Coffee  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evBZFdgjXWg&pp=sAQA

29.  Diego Gets Coffee (Again)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxC7z0Rcwx4&pp=sAQA

30.  Diego Gets Mugged  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeAj5fWUJC0&pp=sAQA

31.  Diego Gets Mugged (Again)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yt-_YWMSGcU&pp=sAQA

32.  Diego Goes Clubbing  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dw1QvAfCJ74&pp=sAQA

33.  Diego Goes Shopping  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMSXMLM4jHA&pp=sAQA

34.  Diego Goes to Mexico  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtqEKGgugjc&pp=sAQA

35.  Diego Sneaks Out  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqiCMfwMRrU&pp=sAQA

36.  Diego Vlog #1  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_zxBVOF0YI&pp=sAQA

37.  Diego's Rap  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhqYZ6hP--k&pp=sAQA

38.  Diego's Trip to Vegas  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4u97R-AK58&pp=sAQA

39.  DJ Khaled ft. Drake - For Free (Diego Remix)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27biuaJqBbI&pp=sAQA

40.  Doctor Visit  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IB1M6kyIGgc&pp=sAQA

41.  Doctor Visit (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8tVZDknvVE&pp=sAQA

42.  Drawing Therapy  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBz4pBSIsXI&pp=sAQA

43.  Drive-Through  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7ToXJiMDLc&pp=sAQA

44.  Drive-Through (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ffd7QDF8Aw&pp=sAQA

45.  Food Truck  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zgTEzMQsiE&pp=sAQA

46.  Funniest Mike Tyson Interview Ever  The Diego Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKCvZ9QcA6g&pp=sAQA

47.  Funny Justin Bieber Interview  The Diego Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGktaPzyjo&pp=sAQA

48.  Hailee Steinfeld Won't Let Me Go  The Diego Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bo8OYPYRTIY&pp=sAQA

49.  High News - Bernie Sanders (Ep. 3)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxZnuvZpjH0&pp=sAQA

50.  High News - Dre Dre (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YESmJewMyzA&pp=sAQA

51.  High News - Trending Topics  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzPl3JSclsY&pp=sAQA

52.  High News - Weed and Trump (Ep. 4)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKP6sMpKQSM&pp=sAQA

53.  How To Be Honest  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJK8GXVvKkA&pp=sAQA

54.  I Need a Job  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIL4kaJD2Cg&pp=sAQA

55.  Job Interview  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IkQ2vm9GcY&pp=sAQA

56.  Job Interview (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aDw_NyOOEw&pp=sAQA

57.  KASKADE IS THE BEST DJ IN THE WORLD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_TheUIUq-M&pp=sAQA

58.  Meet Benita  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lXqvtv9lrU&pp=sAQA

59.  Meet Diego  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dgx7EU66fQ&pp=sAQA

60.  Meet Sam  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nalIKI8EAo&pp=sAQA

61.  Meet Sarah  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3Fcrq9WlOo&pp=sAQA

62.  Meet the Carls  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBYsu3nrosk&pp=sAQA

63.  Meet Twon  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42oxbm1NDb4&pp=sAQA

64.  Music with Diego (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bw7GnjRmUEY&pp=sAQA

65.  Music with Diego (Ep. 3)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3gC6P8NX18&pp=sAQA

66.  Music with Diego (Ep. 4)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74ADVBnrWt8&pp=sAQA

67.  Music with Diego (Ep. 5)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNzPxhiTUMs&pp=sAQA

68.  Music with Diego (Ep. 6)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Loben2jHW-s&pp=sAQA

69.  Parking Ticket  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzfsIf9EAlE&pp=sAQA

70.  Passing Notes  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrTLoIKTHlQ&pp=sAQA

71.  Police Chase After Diego (Part One)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xIQ5NszCOA&pp=sAQA

72.  Police Chase After Diego (Part Two)  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJSwr90CPaM&pp=sAQA

73.  Puppet Court  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSJu6jOZft8&pp=sAQA

74.  Puppet Presidential Debate  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcxlCp_rgOw&pp=sAQA

75.  Puppet Therapy  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhJumGfrAks&pp=sAQA

76.  Racist Workout  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k-02-WQkYY&pp=sAQA

77.  Rich Husband  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25hOg5rcjOA&pp=sAQA

78.  Sam Gets Kidnapped  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5i2WU74kukY&pp=sAQA

79.  Taxes  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYeWBSFoGlk&pp=sAQA

80.  The Translator  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6_q0MwImTE&pp=sAQA

81.  Truth or Dare  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEOK0vhJAcQ&pp=sAQA

82.  What is a Side Chick King Bach Explains  The Diego Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBZ7buawGzs&pp=sAQA

83.  World's Longest Minute  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcHmTmrgbA4&pp=sAQA

84.  Worst Uber Experience  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HePBbo0fZ6c&pp=sAQA

85.  Wrong Party  Awkward Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7VYMMYJ_9k&pp=sAQA
Awkward Puppets