
1.  20,000 Leagues From the Right Answer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6B6_BuCN-k8&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

2.  A Planet Full of Appetizers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQ13lhOZsUw&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

3.  Animorphs and Azkaban.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4uNd3y-rrU&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

4.  Bilbo Gets Trolled.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0cfxaQzSG0&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

5.  Blade Runner Is Nerd Homework.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yArzKJ4oWWw&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

6.  Did You Just Call Me a Mudblood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFa2wZVRFB8&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

7.  Friends, Romans, Mushroom People (Tournament of Champions, Pt 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llkG6miG6Co&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

8.  Game of Thrones, Gremlins, and Ganondorf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmbLiTdTEFk&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

9.  Geek, Set, Match Um, Actually Returns [Trailer].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVwX-GJR190&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

10.  How Many Anakins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-Ez2MwYzIM&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

11.  How Much Pokemon Knowledge Do You Have (ft. Sam Bashor).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWS5HE26f2s&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

12.  How the Internet Is Ruining Comedy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNzWb9Lu2Fs&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

13.  I Know Everything About Anime (Fans vs. Faves Pt. 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHY8bRPsv6o&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

14.  Just Pretend It's a Laser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFMIxhUbMQs&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

15.  Kingdom Hearts Makes Zero Sense (Fans vs. Faves Pt. 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a78EBpW4c8Q&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

16.  Kirby the Attorney (Tournament of Champions, Pt 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWiNKgodVrU&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

17.  Monster Maps & Arcane Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHFUC3p-bkI&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

18.  Morlocks and Eloi (Tournament of Champions, Pt 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iCqfOJnh6w&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

19.  Obi-Wan's Weird Connection to Jon Stewart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TK9dRFvm2Fc&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

20.  Peter Pevensie & Kanto Clones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UsX0KvPhRY&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

21.  Playing Diablo Summons the Devil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6w3sLLMv_m8&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

22.  Pro Wrestling & Battlestar Galactica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUaFFBeH0L8&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

23.  Safari on Tatooine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jxws-5cpzn0&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

24.  Sailor Moon Lost in Translation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_7CidBk4-c&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

25.  Super Saiyans & Sauron.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rL9UDfqkBLk&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

26.  The Game Show of Nerdy Corrections (Harry Potter, Catan and Tetris).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLVVnzFXKiA&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

27.  The Game Show of Nerdy Corrections (Lord of the Rings, Jurassic Park, Star Trek).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6AaUM_xnUw&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

28.  The Game Show of Nerdy Corrections (Mario, Stranger Things, Stephen King).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmzMsSrpAC0&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

29.  The Miracle of Godzilla Birth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnID6enEYXA&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

30.  The Nightmare After the Fifth Element.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_G33nN9fXY&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

31.  The Twilight Zone & TMNT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xI9LzM39zro&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

32.  There Are No Dinosaurs In Alien (Tournament of Champions, Pt 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a3r2Wf6AMs&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

33.  Um Actually Strikes Back (Ep 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1mTP75jVC8&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

34.  Um Actually The Game Show Where Nerds Correct Nerds (Episode 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IETbROVCYJ4&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

35.  Um Actually The Game Show Where Nerds Correct Nerds (Episode 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBVRvVMWIA8&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

36.  Um, Actually Bigger, Longer, and Wronger [Full Episode].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsZjFAfJJ3c&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

37.  Um, Actually Ep. 6 Monsters, Moogles, and Side Mirrors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zWTMF7kLSI&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

38.  Um, Actually Ep. 7 House Crests, House Crushings, and the Kongs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5imeyaGEIdU&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

39.  UM, ACTUALLY Is a Big Show Now! [Official Trailer].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hpr57s-oil4&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

40.  Um, Actually Make-Up, Maps, and Mythical Dragons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUabsUtAeiw&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

41.  Um, Actually Star Trek, Schwarzenegger, and Stoker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpExylE3C9Q&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

42.  Um, Actually the Game Show of Nerdy Corrections (Ep. 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dactFGD2qU&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

43.  Um, Actually The Game Show Where Nerds Correct Nerds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qam4iiya1q0&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

44.  Warhammer & The Weasleys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxNe1tmG5ac&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

45.  Were Clark Kent and Lois Lane Pervs (Fans vs. Faves Pt. 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsBCzcGTB_Q&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

46.  What Genie and Abu Have in Common (Fans vs. Faves Pt. 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ii3bvHNWJ20&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

47.  Who Cares About Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmaqkDlKWCI&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1
Um, Actually