
#0 JavaScript Tutorial  Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDwSnnhl1Ng

#0 JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners  Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlbupGCBV6w

#1 Getting Started  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POPLF-Qc0OU

#1 JavaScript Tutorial  Why you should Learn JavaScript Today.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxWO8Sd8PoY

#10 JavaScript Tutorial  Switch case.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWQUBfWaxBw

#10 Relational operators in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gG0ynX_Sfx4

#11 JavaScript Tutorial  For Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIA0J4vJBHQ

#11 Logical Operators in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuRJ1aCj8Ro

#12 Conditional Statements If Else in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_iO9WuoWaM

#12 JavaScript Tutorial  While loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osOEz3SwyVk

#13 JavaScript Tutorial  Do While loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGG56ae5_GM

#13 Ternary Operator in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBCOx4CqBz0

#14 JavaScript Tutorial  Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eL0RGZ0GddE

#14 Switch Statement in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJPsOFfvEQA

#15 JavaScript Tutorial  Scope of Variables  Global vs Local.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAWAnn9y8yw

#15 Template Literal in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4Kh5gw4PRE

#16 JavaScript Tutorial  Introduction to Array.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrT8-9I4WnE

#16 While loop in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h84MlHv6g4Q

#17 For Loop in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcwTB9fBzP0

#17 JavaScript Tutorial  Introduction to Objects p.1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0IdE51JE80

#18 JavaScript Tutorial  Objects p.2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U08iJitN2ao

#18 While vs For Loop  Which to use and When.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBHOo-6xn4A

#19 Objects in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1dWe3f2zm0

#19 Starting with DOM Manipulations in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmPgo2lyoLY

#2 JavaScript Tutorial  What is Dom  Document Object Model.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GxpmQ54aqg

#2 NodeJS, VS Code Installation  JavaScript Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxZKLKfjaRg

#20 Complex Object, Delete Property in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weEDSjNYzv4

#20 Taking Input from user in JavaScript  TextBox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lThuZY0-S_8

#21 For in loop in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PVcUUj_ke4

#21 Taking Input from Radiobuttons in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3Oc4IUP0XI

#22 Functions in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwOW-qlJtxg

#22 Taking Input from SelectBox in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CYqRMl3iL8

#23 Function return and passing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCU7vicLCgA

#23 getElementByTagName method in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlD-tpyVs10

#24 Function Expression in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ly8tCGFWA

#24 getElementByClassName method in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pqLp51w7dw

#25 Change Image onmouseover and onmouseout events in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiiXLmqhndU

#25 Local-Global Variable  Default Value in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnAU1dLY7gY

#26 Arrow function in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJOJPealurs

#26 Form Validations in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAUxi3f9HB0

#27 Form Validations in JavaScript part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUdjmZ2-fEU

#27 What are Methods in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r72b1ScPLY

#28 Regular Expressions in JavaScript Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeIRHETbcLs

#28 What is this  JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE93zNJBCBw

#29 Regular Expressions in JavaScript  Character Sets and Ranges.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBFTQuLgnfg

#29 Why it is called THIS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiqqAAvb16Q

#3 JavaScript Tutorial   First Hello World Program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5xesmmiREU

#3 Variables in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOkU5HxES1o

#30 Mobile Number Validation in JavaScript using Regular Expression.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0Lzrytqt0U

#31 Email Validation in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPVx-zGFh0w

#32 Debugging in JavaScript using Chrome Dev tools  Console Log Method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmVEddplwbo

#33 Timing Functions in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OVaxR6yKSI

#34 Fade In Fade Out animations in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5g-hpYSppk

#35 Zoom In Zoom Out effect in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Op6xdhXVHI

#36 Introduction to jQuery library  Setting jQuery in Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i32p6HvYC1A

#37 JQuery Selectors Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0oMC7n4HOY

#38 JQuery Selectors Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkTnujtikq4

#39 Events in JQuery Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lC87M6jumA

#4 Constants in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wsy7nhFnfbM

#4 JavaScript Tutorials  Statements and comments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWX2eoi3bOc

#40 Events in JQuery Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaQNtfb2TX4

#41 Effects in JQuery Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obrU4sevMu0

#42 JQuery Animate Effect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFj4VWlpEQk

#43 Callback and Chaining in JQuery Effects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3b_JvFep_E

#44  JQuery DOM Manipulations Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFnlvhG0OgY

#45 JQuery DOM Manipulations Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ux2pQE49FCQ

#46 JQuery DOM Manipulations Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suv1OnOtfY4

#47 JQuery DOM Manipulations Part 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BV1veI8LGj0

#48 JQuery UI Including JQuery UI in Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ioxuzw7VI0I

#5 Data Types in JavaScript - 1  JavaScript Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCwQY8inRvU

#5 JavaScript Tutorial  VS code Theme & Live Server Plugin Setup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85kQIRkTdRQ

#6 Data Types in JavaScript - 2  JavaScript Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GXpB9EMLWM

#6 JavaScript Tutorial  Variables & Data Types.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hrd3SfCCXZw

#7 History of JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MsfBokJiSs

#7 JavaScript Tutorial  Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULNJSTSJc7s

#8 JavaScript Tutorial  Control Statements  Theory.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-JoZ_UxwB8

#8 Type Conversion & Coercion in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFiVtqe1osM

#9 Arithmetic Operators in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otYwi_wW9Hk

#9 JavaScript Tutorial  If Else Control Statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QbgVJR0_to

Accordion Widget Control in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lg4V7sQ27X0

Array methods in JavaScripts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yv1h-QKt_KQ

Autocomplete Widget in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7QsXzUXXOA

Constructor function in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tV7ZqcB9J3Y

Creating Array and Fetching Elements in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TScHu-37Cqw

Date Picker Widget Control in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7FugJvHrmw

Different types of data in Array.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eADCg1R5_sk

Draggable Interaction in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LynjytfeY4U

For of Loop with an Array in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c69Y2GpF6-U

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 1  What is JavaScript .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bebNAsxuf8

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 10  Logical Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPGSABTupKg

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 11  Type Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2Wjboyvwnk

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 12   Bitwise Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UexYxYFOkYY

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 13  If Else If statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jj0YdPkmNus

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 14  Switch Case statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gB4Y7VLNfFk

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 15  For Loops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tusK5sJl6BM

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 16  While and do while loops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjsGFBcrsTk

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 17  Arrays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PoLAFJuwHQ

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 18  Array Methods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARJid8eJyGU

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 19  Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UogmKKdidO4

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 2  This is How JavaScript was created.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5_OV8BjypE

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 20  OOP  Classes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2OjHCUIHNc

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 21  OOP  Encapsulation with example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYa_NiOUTQo

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 22  OOP  Inheritance with example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2c-cK4qxo2A

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 23  Prototype.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hY7YQxh4qyg

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 24  OOP  Polymorphism with example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxMUJ9-Pb2E

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 25  OOP  Abstraction with example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jM0WcyQWMSM

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 3  How JavaScript Works.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oFK808fYPE

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 4  Editors and IDE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avOS0IsVPFo

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 5  Hello World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWed051U6ao

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 6  Comments and Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STyV3XGTQN0

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 7  Operators - Arithmetic Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPvM8vplh-8

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 8  Assignment Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zSWTR4q6zw

JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 9  Comparison Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwOTbF1kEcU

JavaScript Tutorial - The next step.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GlwwViOjo8

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 01 - Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpZLS6R91rQ

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 02 - Statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkw8QXIcmU4

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 03 - Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhKWfiNCoSY

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 04 - Variables Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UR71iavwMkE

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 05 - Using an external file.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r--dRuIiV7A

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 06 - Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk6X_iFUGwU

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 07 - Functions Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYClv_fqiBU

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 08 - Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWdTfi-68Bo

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 09 - Conditionals Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNtYWDpdQ1w

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 10 - Conditionals Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znYh4QRkQ-M

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 11 - Loops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8fjcoCHNAg

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 12 - Loops Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDzWA8yPnIY

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 13 - Function and if statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQxgdzr3vIw

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 14 - Return statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdGmpTcNZXQ

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 15 - Global and local variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbwH8uwP7r8

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 16 - Pass by value.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dnO292L_p4

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 17 - Arrays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6tEmBPOARQ

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 18 - Objects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSCz0ZopvIs

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 19 - Objects Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7Ze-_Wqs3Y

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 20 - Objects Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRbIOUKsHpY

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 21 - Objects Part 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mO3Qx6kIx0

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 22 - String Object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUmBsIzg94g

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 23 - Math Object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9z9lcPhZpiY

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 24 - Date Object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOoJTeJ8KXU

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 25 - Document Object Model.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWUT97Ne7V4

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 26 - getElementById method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4-6JOQX9v4

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 27 - getElementsByTagName method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwMgOMfelC8

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 28 - getElementsByTagName Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzBmQbcr1ls

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 29 - getElementsByClassName.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChLd2yFp-lA

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 30 - Replace content using innerHTML.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlaYyZ6vW48

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 31 - Reading content using innerHTML.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWdVc-KWXJ4

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 32 - Changing an image.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFyHJF94Eng

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 33 - Intro to events.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VYuk9uqu04

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 34 - The mouseover event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka033dkRJi0

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 35 - Change image with mouseover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0o4HQ_TYP9A

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 36 - Creating a new element.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OOj_d3Zdig

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 37 - Creating a new element Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvWnkj8nh8Y

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 38 - Remove element.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VV2npCATMGM

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 39 - Create attribute.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbcB8CroByk

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 40 - Traversing the DOM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_89UCU8PQU

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 41 - Traversing the DOM Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNXW5czcob8

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 42 - Traversing the DOM Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPC3d-zb8Yk

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 43 - Form Validation Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bl59zGI1gCA

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 44 - Form Validation Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZj2unIbWCM

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 45 - Form Validation Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpMnYWQSxJE

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 46 - Form Validation Part 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gM8I7NywAcg

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 47 - Form Validation Part 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSQ1iwioapc

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 48 - Placement of script tag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-LOCQDNX_0

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 49 - Follow up session.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Qfk-nBSQUQ

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 50 - Confirmation box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUe3pvKib44

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 51 - More on Objects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaRzNWzILD0

JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 52 - Windows object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGd7YtiGZYE

Message Box Widget in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyQ8YMyEMao

Resizable Interaction in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAixvKyTVik

Sortable Interaction in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2n-ScrqH2tg

Support Telusko.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bwd9hr5Fz5E

Theming Theme Roller Customizations in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xVs_BqC9-w

Tooltip Widget Control in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CkuF-BRlr4

Visual Studio Code  How to use git and github.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fk12ELJ9Bww

Visual Studio Code Beginner Tutorial  Learn VS Code in 7 steps  Windows and Mac OS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7eoHDrw-aU

Widget Modifications in JQuery UI using Getter and Setter Methods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plW-fvEi3zs
JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners