
10 things you didn't know about orgasm  Mary Roach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jx0dTYUO5E

3 clues to understanding your brain  VS Ramachandran.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rl2LwnaUA-k

4 environmental 'heresies'  Stewart Brand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUxwiVFgghE

A brain in a supercomputer  Henry Markram.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LS3wMC2BpxU

A Darwinian theory of beauty  Denis Dutton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PktUzdnBqWI

A headset that reads your brainwaves  Tan Le.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVhggGSjXVg

A kinder, gentler philosophy of success  Alain de Botton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtSE4rglxbY

A roadmap to end aging  Aubrey de Grey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iYpxRXlboQ

Aaron Koblin Artfully visualizing our humanity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4v4XxlfVk3o

Aditi Shankardass A second opinion on learning disorders.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBxvZwJZgdM

Alan Russell The potential of regenerative medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tijEl8I38mo

An inventory of the invisible  John Lloyd.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxFvxKa-mWo

AnnMarie Thomas Hands-on science with squishy circuits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5M3Dow20KlM

Anthony Atala Growing new organs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SfRgg9botI

Are we born to run  Christopher McDougall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-iGZPtWXzE

Are we in control of our decisions  Dan Ariely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9X68dm92HVI

Auret van Heerden Making global labor fair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okQXrB7y_Aw

Before Avatar ... a curious boy  James Cameron.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVfd6fg7QsM

Beverly + Dereck Joubert Life lessons from big cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ht6TTA8z3MI

Biomimicry in action  Janine Benyus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_GFq12w5WU

Bjarke Ingels 3 warp-speed architecture tales.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AYE3w5TWHs

Blaise Aguera y Arcas demos augmented-reality maps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCPzji_-2Oo

Bonnie Bassler The secret, social lives of bacteria.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVfmUfr8VPA

Brian Skerry reveals ocean's glory -- and horror.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HEXx3-P8kk

Cameron Herold Let's raise kids to be entrepreneurs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx3GuO41Jyg

Can we eat to starve cancer  William Li.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9bDZ5-zPtY

Captain Charles Moore on the seas of plastic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7K-nq0xkWY

Carter Emmart demos a 3D atlas of the universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8agz9FcDcPk

Charles Leadbeater Education innovation in the slums.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6X-8TA4RBog

Christien Meindertsma How pig parts make the world turn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRETz2F-heQ

Clay Shirky How cognitive surplus will change the world.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qu7ZpWecIS8

Conrad Wolfram Teaching kids real math with computers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60OVlfAUPJg

Craig Venter A voyage of DNA, genes and the sea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5X6Qy772YU

Craig Venter On the verge of creating synthetic life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKZ-GjSaqgo

Dan Buettner How to live to be 100+.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-jk9ni4XWk

Dan Dennett Responding to Pastor Rick Warren.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTepA-WV_oE

Dangerous memes  Dan Dennett.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzGjEkp772s

David Agus A new strategy in the war against cancer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRxgDMSp9Gs

David Bismark E-voting without fraud.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izddjAp_N4I

David Deutsch A new way to explain explanation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=folTvNDL08A

David Gallo The deep oceans a ribbon of life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIs5CKzckq0

Dean Kamen The emotion behind invention.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNgqQNovWTc

Debate Does the world need nuclear energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UK8ccWSZkic

Dimitar Sasselov How we found hundreds of Earth-like planets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8bM8K7W_R8

Do schools kill creativity  Sir Ken Robinson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iG9CE55wbtY

Ed Ulbrich How Benjamin Button got his face.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUIfiLplNqQ

Eric Berlow Simplifying complexity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UB2iYzKeej8

Eric Giler demos wireless electricity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1GqNN2Xe7g

Eric Topol The wireless future of medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTZM9X3JfTk

Esther Duflo Social experiments to fight poverty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zvrGiPkVcs

Ethan Zuckerman How to listen to global voices.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXPJVwwEmiM

Gaming can make a better world  Jane McGonigal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dE1DuBesGYM

Gary Flake is Pivot a turning point for web exploration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LT_x9s67yWA

Geoff Mulgan Post-crash, investing in a better world.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGksAjzI0go

George Whitesides A lab the size of a postage stamp.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ew0bn8mGAA

Gero Miesenboeck reengineers a brain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZ_f3Fc0ZRA

Golan Levin makes art that looks back at you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G0MzlfMPuM

Gregory Stock To upgrade is human.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVsnkRoYfX0

Hans Rosling Global population growth, box by box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTznEIZRkLg

Hans Rosling The good news of the decade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OT9poH_D2Iw

How to grow fresh air  Kamal Meattle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmn7tjSNyAA

How we read each other's minds  Rebecca Saxe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOCUH7TxHRI

Ian Goldin Navigating our global future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuWXfjyGhk0

Jamie Heywood The big idea my brother inspired.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQ2PFoHptK8

Jay Walker on the world's English mania.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5TUpNZqjM8

Jeff Hawkins How brain science will change computing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6CVj5IQkzk

Johanna Blakely Lessons from fashion's free culture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL2FOrx41N0

John Delaney Wiring an interactive ocean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0_VSkoZvaE

Jonathan Drori Why we're storing billions of seeds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8Ff1Xj_-eM

Jonathan Haidt The moral roots of liberals and conservatives.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vs41JrnGaxc

Juan Enriquez The life-code that will reshape the future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KdOPY1Iqiw

Juan Enriquez Using biology to rethink the energy challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSyAwuQPMRo

Julian Assange Why the world needs WikiLeaks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNOnvp5t7Do

Kary Mullis' next-gen cure for killer infection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJttdkKo4nM

Kevin Kelly How technology evolves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ap-ZC21bk18

Kevin Stone The bio-future of joint replacement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DL0_gcP15Ts

Kiran Bedi How I remade one of India's toughest prisons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_CSsL3it9Y

Laurie Santos How monkeys mirror human irrationality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUd8XA-5HEk

Learning from dirty jobs  Mike Rowe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRVdiHu1VCc

Life lessons from an ad man  Rory Sutherland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=audakxABYUc

Magnus Larsson Turning dunes into architecture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXMJobWlXks

Marcel Dicke Why not eat insects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6GimGZz6a8

Margaret Stewart How YouTube thinks about copyright.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoX-YihV_ew

Marian Bantjes Intricate beauty by design.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkS-u32xfGc

Mark Roth Suspended animation is within our grasp.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVAaZVz9pDs

Math class needs a makeover  Dan Meyer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWUFjb8w9Ps

Mechai Viravaidya How Mr. Condom made Thailand a better place.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EL9TBKSdHXU

Melinda French Gates What nonprofits can learn from Coca-Cola.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlUS6KE67Vs

Michael Merzenich Growing evidence of brain plasticity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z41BTeAU7DI

Michael Pollan A plant's-eye view.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQPN1O03z8I

Mike deGruy Hooked by an octopus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ww4kNxYE0c4

Militant atheism  Richard Dawkins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxGMqKCcN6A

My 5 lives as an artist  Raghava KK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_4IK8CiLg8

Natalie Jeremijenko Let's teach fish to text! and other outlandish ideas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GBrJiSMFu0

New experiments in self-teaching  Sugata Mitra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk60sYrU2RU

Nicholas Christakis How social networks predict epidemics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-dPxGLesE4

Optical illusions show how we see  Beau Lotto.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf5otGNbkuc

Paul Ewald Can we domesticate germs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=176adlNeRy8

Paul Rothemund Casting spells with DNA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yn1snjEtk54

Peter Molyneux demos Milo, the virtual boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uieh3RfkCng

Pointing to the future of UI  John Underkoffler (1662742).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6YTQJVzwlI

Pointing to the future of UI  John Underkoffler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6YTQJVzwlI

R.A. Mashelkar Breakthrough designs for ultra-low-cost products.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_XchYY3bnU

Rachel Armstrong Architecture that repairs itself.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAMrtHC2Ev0

Rachel Botsman The case for collaborative consumption.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQa3kUJPEko

Richard Pyle Exploring the reef's Twilight Zone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19Hj93IgbeQ

Richard Sears Planning for the end of oil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGScU5ESei4

Rob Hopkins Transition to a world without oil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8meWY0W40OA

Robert Full Engineering and evolution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUmOKfllAEo

Robert Full Secrets of movement, from geckos and roaches.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ascql_RoeBU

Rory Sutherland Sweat the small stuff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkLcwHmnPV4

Science can answer moral questions  Sam Harris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj9oB4zpHww

Sebastian Seung I am my connectome.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HA7GwKXfJB0

Seth Priebatsch Building the game layer on top of the world.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yn9fTc_WMbo

Shimon Steinberg Natural pest control ... using bugs!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxQcnxSbivQ

Susan Savage-Rumbaugh The gentle genius of bonobos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8nDJaH-fVE

The accelerating power of technology  Ray Kurzweil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfbOyw3CT6A

The beauty of data visualization  David McCandless.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLqjQ55tz-U

The illusion of consciousness  Dan Dennett.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjbWr3ODbAo

The neurons that shaped civilization  VS Ramachandran.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0pwKzTRG5E

The next species of human  Juan Enriquez.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNcLKbJs3xk

The pattern behind self-deception  Michael Shermer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_6-iVz1R0o

The tribes we lead  Seth Godin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQGYr9bnktw

Tim Berners-Lee The year open data went worldwide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YcZ3Zqk0a8

Tom Chatfield 7 ways video games engage the brain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyamsZXXF2w

Underwater astonishments  David Gallo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVvn8dpSAt0

Unveiling game-changing wearable tech  Pattie Maes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZ-VjUKAsao

What hallucination reveals about our minds  Oliver Sacks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgOTaXhbqPQ

When ideas have sex  Matt Ridley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLHh9E5ilZ4

Where good ideas come from  Steven Johnson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0af00UcTO-c

Why we have too few women leaders  Sheryl Sandberg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18uDutylDa4

Why we make bad decisions  Dan Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4

Why we need the explorers  Brian Cox (1067384).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdwOlk6HIVc

Why we need the explorers  Brian Cox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdwOlk6HIVc

Wii remote hacks  Johnny Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgKCrGvShZs

Willie Smits How to restore a rainforest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vfuCPFb8wk

Ze Frank's web playroom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gSSNHO1dDs
The Absolute Best TED talks