
1.  Aggrotech
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Aggrotech/Aggrotech.txt

2.  CCM
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/CCM/CCM.txt

3.  Christian  and  Gospel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christian__and__Gospel/Christian__and__Gospel.txt

4.  Christian Metal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christian_Metal/Christian_Metal.txt

5.  Christian Pop
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christian_Pop/Christian_Pop.txt

6.  Christian Rap
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christian_Rap/Christian_Rap.txt

7.  Christian Rock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christian_Rock/Christian_Rock.txt

8.  Christmas- Children’s
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christmas-_Children’s/Christmas-_Children’s.txt

9.  Christmas- Classic
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christmas-_Classic/Christmas-_Classic.txt

10.  Christmas- Classical
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christmas-_Classical/Christmas-_Classical.txt

11.  Christmas- Comedy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christmas-_Comedy/Christmas-_Comedy.txt

12.  Christmas- Jazz
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christmas-_Jazz/Christmas-_Jazz.txt

13.  Christmas- Modern
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christmas-_Modern/Christmas-_Modern.txt

14.  Christmas- Pop
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christmas-_Pop/Christmas-_Pop.txt

15.  Christmas- R and B
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christmas-_R_and_B/Christmas-_R_and_B.txt

16.  Christmas- Religious
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christmas-_Religious/Christmas-_Religious.txt

17.  Christmas- Rock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Christmas-_Rock/Christmas-_Rock.txt

18.  Classic Christian
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Classic_Christian/Classic_Christian.txt

19.  Coldwave
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Coldwave/Coldwave.txt

20.  Contemporary Gospel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Contemporary_Gospel/Contemporary_Gospel.txt

21.  Cybergrind
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Cybergrind/Cybergrind.txt

22.  Dark Electro
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Dark_Electro/Dark_Electro.txt

23.  Death Industrial
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Death_Industrial/Death_Industrial.txt

24.  Easter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Easter/Easter.txt

25.  Electro-Industrial
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Electro-Industrial/Electro-Industrial.txt

26.  Electronic Body Music
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Electronic_Body_Music/Electronic_Body_Music.txt

27.  Gospel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Gospel/Gospel.txt

28.  Halloween
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Halloween/Halloween.txt

29.  Holiday- Other
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Holiday-_Other/Holiday-_Other.txt

30.  Indie Pop
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Indie_Pop/Indie_Pop.txt

31.  Industrial
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Industrial/Industrial.txt

32.  Industrial Metal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Industrial_Metal/Industrial_Metal.txt

33.  Industrial Rock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Industrial_Rock/Industrial_Rock.txt

34.  Inspirational – Christian  and  Gospel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Inspirational_–_Christian__and__Gospel/Inspirational_–_Christian__and__Gospel.txt

35.  Instrumental
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Instrumental/Instrumental.txt

36.  J-Pop
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/J-Pop/J-Pop.txt

37.  J-Punk
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/J-Punk/J-Punk.txt

38.  J-Rock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/J-Rock/J-Rock.txt

39.  J-Ska
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/J-Ska/J-Ska.txt

40.  J-Synth
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/J-Synth/J-Synth.txt

41.  March (Marching Band)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/March_(Marching_Band)/March_(Marching_Band).txt

42.  Noise
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Noise/Noise.txt

43.  Praise  and  Worship
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Praise__and__Worship/Praise__and__Worship.txt

44.  Qawwali
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Qawwali/Qawwali.txt

45.  Southern Gospel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Southern_Gospel/Southern_Gospel.txt

46.  Thanksgiving
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Thanksgiving/Thanksgiving.txt

47.  Traditional Gospel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Traditional_Gospel/Traditional_Gospel.txt

48.  Witch House
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Types_of_Music/Christmas/Witch_House/Witch_House.txt
Christmas