
1.  #DAVIDDOBRIK BRANDON CALVILLO BEST MOMENTS IN DAVID DOBRIK'S VLOGS 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWn721TIDMk&list=PLJKAp68dJhGD1tv3L7cLqqDsLTzExZexN

2.  Adam Oh - Santa Tell Me x My Neck My Back (Mashup)  TikTok @adamohmusic ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gO2HU-ex4Wg&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

3.  ALEX ERNST AT BIRTHDAY PARTIES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qY2rgiAvUs&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

4.  Best of Making Out in David Dobrik's Vlogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFaKpFXYYH4&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

5.  BEST SURPRISES GIFTS IN DAVID DOBRIK VLOGS (PART 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-X-h12yQAKM&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

6.  BEST SURPRISES GIFTS IN DAVID DOBRIK VLOGS 1 HOUR.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_D3AQEpYyPA&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

7.  Charli D'Amelio And Addison Rae In The Vlog Squad!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pT-O2cQcoKo&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

8.  CHEESE STEAK & BEER MUKBANG??SUPER CHEESY MUKBANG?? Steak & cheese.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOp2CtD7lOU&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

9.  Corinna Kopf Being Too Hot To Handle (Flirting).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2LuWFTTbHI&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

10.  Corinna Kopf Best Moments In David Dobrik's Vlogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wT9mPnaD20k&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

11.  Corinna Kopf in David Dobrik Vlogs (Best Moments).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3wpKbtGvW0&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

12.  david and alex flirting aggressively.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVxANtJaRI4&list=PLJKAp68dJhGD1tv3L7cLqqDsLTzExZexN

13.  DAVID AND LIZA BEST PUNS WE WILL REMEMBER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVpMiFJ6XOM&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

14.  David and Natalie BestCutest Moments (2020).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKKqdpaBhyU&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

15.  David and Natalie BestCutest Moments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9dUxJepzOE&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

16.  David Dobrik And Natalie Noel Best Moments (Dating!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHG9T0zYmro&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

17.  David Dobrik Being At College!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rw9amC-IWqQ&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

18.  David Dobrik being Serious (Seriously).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLUwbp2Fp-0&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

19.  DAVID DOBRIK BEING THE BIGGEST CELEBRITY HIMSELF (w. Justin Bieber, Kylie Jenner.. ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GM3ranxDksk&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

20.  David Dobrik Being Too Hot To Handle (Flirting).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZAZfDsSMN4&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

21.  David Dobrik Best Moments April 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzlrIfWvoas&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

22.  David Dobrik Best Moments with his Hometown Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzoUvtA7hlI&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

23.  David Dobrik Best Vlog Moments Autumn 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PY0hosUg-SU&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

24.  DAVID DOBRIK BEST VLOG MOMENTS BEHIND THE SCENES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPIqv_K1QOs&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

25.  DAVID DOBRIK BEST VLOG MOMENTS SUMMER 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYSh5pz8Y4I&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

26.  DAVID DOBRIK BEST VLOG MOMENTS WINTER 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAb51pc32CY&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

27.  DAVID DOBRIK BEST VLOG MOMENTS! 1 HOUR EDITION!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wV1ctGuv3eM&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

28.  David Dobrik Breaking World Records With Vlog Squad!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuPpKJpps1s&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

29.  DAVID DOBRIK CUTEST MOMENTS WITH THE VLOGSQUAD!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_fEOyoV8T0&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

30.  DAVID DOBRIK GAYEST MOMENTS PT 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-IO80-7DY8&list=PLJKAp68dJhGD1tv3L7cLqqDsLTzExZexN

31.  DAVID DOBRIK GAYEST MOMENTS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHGCDAyclok&list=PLJKAp68dJhGD1tv3L7cLqqDsLTzExZexN

32.  David Dobrik getting surprised by the Vlog Squad!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1GEBnBhcJ4&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

33.  david dobrik going crazy over natalie noel for 6 minutes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDxYZnV4Djc&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

34.  David Dobrik showing that he is rich for 10 Minutes straight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8rZyZg-k0k&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

35.  DAVID DOBRIK SURPRISING LIZA KOSHY AND THE VLOG SQUAD WITH CUTE ANIMALS [PART 2].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlY1834Cs_A&list=PL_9H7yqpcV64B3BeLiimIvYmM6dXzGxiZ

36.  DAVID DOBRIK SURPRISING LIZA KOSHY AND THE VLOG SQUAD WITH CUTE ANIMALS [PART 3].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2k_TRD4RcY&list=PL_9H7yqpcV64B3BeLiimIvYmM6dXzGxiZ

37.  DAVID DOBRIK SURPRISING LIZA KOSHY AND THE VLOG SQUAD WITH CUTE ANIMALS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n95FwCX_esg&list=PL_9H7yqpcV64B3BeLiimIvYmM6dXzGxiZ

38.  DAVID DOBRIK'S BEST MOMENTS IN THE VLOG SQUAD DECEMBER 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGqzC7WWFHg&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

39.  DAVID DOBRIK'S BEST MUSICAL VLOG MOMENTS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mI-7GM4i4EI&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

40.  David Dobrik's Biggest Dreams (Vlog Squad Best Moments 2020).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6TfG2E8n40&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

41.  David Dobrik, Natalie Noel and Jeff Wittek tell you everything Lie detector.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=davhg8IRKOY&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

42.  How David Dobrik Manipulates His Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ngGnlaaXAs&list=PLJKAp68dJhGD1tv3L7cLqqDsLTzExZexN

43.  If Natalie Noel was a YOUTUBER...  Compilation #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfOLZusrwgM&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

44.  Jason Nash and Natalie Noel Best Moments Together!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPktXintRs4&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

45.  Jason Nash Being The Funniest Vlog Squad Member!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vdU369vHOU&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

46.  Jeff Wittek And Ilya Best Moments 2020!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gFVcZdNhJY&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

47.  Jeff Wittek and Toddy Smith (Best Moments).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6mCwwEjDng&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

48.  Jeff Wittek Best Moments and Birthday with David And The Squad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7QxStVxZz0&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

49.  Jeff Wittek Sounding Like A Criminal In David Dobrik's Vlogs!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76MhmI4VxsA&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

50.  JEFF's BEST MOMENTS IN DAVID DOBRIK'S VLOG (2019).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNhb9lMrNA8&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

51.  Jennifer Lopez best moments in David Dobrik Vlogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oNXXW3ah8c&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

52.  JOSH PECK PLAYING PIANO AND SINGING [Compilation] ?? David Dobrik's Vlog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2XJVxU9dcU&list=PLJKAp68dJhGD1tv3L7cLqqDsLTzExZexN

53.  Liza Koshy Guesses How 2,074 Fans Responded to a Survey About Her  Teen Vogue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_JWN08tx1g&list=PL_9H7yqpcV64B3BeLiimIvYmM6dXzGxiZ

54.  Liza Koshy Tests Her Dollar Store Taste  Expensive Taste Test  Cosmopolitan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaLciYbENlg&list=PL_9H7yqpcV64B3BeLiimIvYmM6dXzGxiZ

55.  Liza's Store Puns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1FxozGAR1M&list=PL_9H7yqpcV64B3BeLiimIvYmM6dXzGxiZ

56.  Madison Beer Best Moments with David Dobrik and Vlog Squad!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrkaUmOezLM&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

57.  Mariah Amato and Heath Hussar Best Vlog Moments 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtVRhBAgA5k&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

58.  Matt King Best Moments (Vlog Squad 2019).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hG985zD584&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

59.  Most Painfull Moments in David Dobrik's Vlog!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3g_GS2hMSc&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

60.  Natalie Best Moments - David Dobrik Vlogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMv6XfMm5L0&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

61.  NATALIE NOEL AND DAVID DOBRIK CUTE MOMENTS TOGETHER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_SMkl-rP_g&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

62.  Natalie Noel being the coolest in the Vlogsquad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNXoN8nUAJo&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

63.  Natalie Noel Being the Coolest Member of the Vlog Squad for 28 minutes!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Po5L6UNH-Rg&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

64.  Natalie Noel Being Vlog Squad's Big Sister!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOG8IxEz_5c&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

65.  NATALIE NOEL BEST MOMENTS DAVID DOBRIK VS JEFF WITTEK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50WcmWP-PKY&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

66.  NATALIE NOEL BEST MOMENTS [PART 1].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWngu78SIgo&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

67.  NATALIE NOEL BEST MOMENTS [PART 2].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK3dWnIb39c&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

68.  ONLY TRADING PETS in Adopt Me Roblox Gaming w The Norris Nuts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fa8mG0QYaRM&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

69.  Riley Reid best moments in David Dobrik's Vlogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VitI3jGTV6k&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

70.  scarlet takes a tumble (best version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIwTYL1fwJk&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

71.  Stunna Girl - Runway (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDuYc-vzR1M&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

72.  Taylor Hudson Best Moments In David Dobrik's Vlog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INxOSXpd17o&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

73.  THE TRUTH!! David Dobrik and Natalie are DATING! PROOF (the real reason he hired a new assistant).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEageze0Bp0&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

74.  THE VLOG SQUAD AS VINES (1351424).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlf8nRkxx3w&list=PLJKAp68dJhGD1tv3L7cLqqDsLTzExZexN

75.  the vlog squad as vines pt. 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vba3cvheG4E&list=PLJKAp68dJhGD1tv3L7cLqqDsLTzExZexN

76.  The Vlog Squad As Vines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siPThNS6vG4&list=PLJKAp68dJhGD1tv3L7cLqqDsLTzExZexN

77.  The worlds smallest Stripper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaD1f0iqPRg&list=PL_9H7yqpcV64B3BeLiimIvYmM6dXzGxiZ

78.  THIS IS WHY YOU SHOULD WEAR A HELMET!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18hSorUB1QU&list=PL_9H7yqpcV64B3BeLiimIvYmM6dXzGxiZ

79.  TRISHA PAYTAS IN DAVID DOBRIK VLOGS BEST MOMENTS BEFORE HER EXPOSING VIDEO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLMLc0uKxas&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

80.  VARDAN ANTONYAN BEST MOMENTS [PART 3].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkekF759Cl4&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

81.  Vlog squad as vines part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooKrdXyW3U0&list=PLJKAp68dJhGD1tv3L7cLqqDsLTzExZexN

82.  Vlog Squad Best Moments (1 hour with David Dobrik 2020).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77o3g01dS98&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

83.  Vlog Squad Best Moments (Being A Family).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_TLHnQ8DGg&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

84.  Vlog Squad Best Moments (February 2020).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSuZw5TPF-A&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

85.  Vlog Squad Best Moments (Flirting) with David Dobrik!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7eir74hqi4&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

86.  Vlog Squad Best Moments (March 2020).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fO5pYKclGm4&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

87.  Vlog Squad Best Moments (May 2020).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5UMF4IQXP4&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

88.  Vlog Squad Best Moments (Quarantine Edition).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNZgZUGN-vI&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

89.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS - OCTOBER 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u044obYlA8U&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

90.  Vlog Squad Best Moments With David Dobrik (Winter 2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4drCgBLibI&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

91.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 11].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1ea1faSb9Y&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

92.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 30].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRh84k-fteQ&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

93.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 32].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNi5TLo06oU&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

94.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 33].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2F7KdijReI&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

95.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 34].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWYjaFumjjo&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

96.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 35].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7WwBn7nuEA&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

97.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 37].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uULoKvKadEw&list=PLJKAp68dJhGD1tv3L7cLqqDsLTzExZexN

98.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 45].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DbdCf7h8jQ&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

99.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 50].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mB8caIfY38&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

100.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 55].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CyK0_dkr8M&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

101.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 57].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jB0vwFiULc4&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

102.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 62].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8mv6tvITKA&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

103.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 63].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubhUFE3gi4s&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

104.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 73].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlQcVG-eCBc&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

105.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 77].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEKjl-cWfPI&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

106.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 81].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhpX0zyD7SI&list=PL_9H7yqpcV64B3BeLiimIvYmM6dXzGxiZ

107.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 82].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atvBeQaAFwQ&list=PL_9H7yqpcV64B3BeLiimIvYmM6dXzGxiZ

108.  VLOG SQUAD COUPLE GOALS (David Dobrik Vlogs).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmPNWwcWZ4E&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

109.  VLOG SQUAD FLIRTING WITH NATALIE NOEL MARIDUENA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7L2DlREr1y0&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

110.  VLOG SQUAD FUNNIEST MOMENTS WITH DAVID DOBRIK 2019 (PART 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLfPBQUwUB4&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

111.  VLOG SQUAD FUNNIEST MOMENTS WITH DAVID DOBRIK 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75GyHQMcKYE&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

112.  Vlog Squad Girls Vs. Vlog Squad Guys (Best Moments).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPhAyOin1Wg&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

113.  Voltorb Everyone Sucks but Pidge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcMBw5Q14-o&list=PLJKAp68dJhGD1tv3L7cLqqDsLTzExZexN

114.  You Don't Know Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfZ6W6gS_Tg&list=PLamrTA1SlySTHEJDMzt_Rec1SUnT3tj-f

115.  Zane and Heath Best Vlog Moments 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QGcYP-bal4&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

116.  Zane being Zane! (David Dobriks Vlog).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrPIONqOlY0&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh

117.  ZANE HIJAZI BEST MOMENTS WITH DAVID DOBRIK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cr9Sk6gm4QU&list=PLyHCIlYvg1t-7ciCdczE8gVo346GdXgnh
Vlog squad