
1.  Fleetwood Mac - 50 Years - Don't Stop (Official Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRM1dhdRCc4&pp=sAQA

2.  Fleetwood Mac - As Long As You Follow (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROGEHq1WZqU&pp=sAQA

3.  Fleetwood Mac - Big Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hPv6EuV7dM&pp=sAQA

4.  Fleetwood Mac - Don't Stop (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QV9JJmSCiI8&pp=sAQA

5.  Fleetwood Mac - Dreams (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3ywicffOj4&pp=sAQA

6.  Fleetwood Mac - Everywhere (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF1R0hc5Q2I&pp=sAQA

7.  Fleetwood Mac - Go Your Own Way (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozl3L9fhKtE&pp=sAQA

8.  Fleetwood Mac - Gold Dust Woman (Live at The Forum, Inglewood, CA 82977).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxQ9Z89IBrw&pp=sAQA

9.  Fleetwood Mac - Gypsy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwgg1Pu6cNg&pp=sAQA

10.  Fleetwood Mac - Hold Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0sha1XfHxw&pp=sAQA

11.  Fleetwood Mac - In The Back of My Mind (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUGdS1HCe7s&pp=sAQA

12.  Fleetwood Mac - Isn't It Midnight (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIEgh32s9mQ&pp=sAQA

13.  Fleetwood Mac - Landslide (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM7-PYtXtJM&pp=sAQA

14.  Fleetwood Mac - Little Lies (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCGD9dT12C0&pp=sAQA

15.  Fleetwood Mac - Love Shines (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dreb73rgpQc&pp=sAQA

16.  Fleetwood Mac - Not That Funny (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-tPU-UNBzY&pp=sAQA

17.  Fleetwood Mac - Paper Doll (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5SOmSEZGzY&pp=sAQA

18.  Fleetwood Mac - Peacekeeper (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYe_mi5tONA&pp=sAQA

19.  Fleetwood Mac - Rhiannon (Official Music VIdeo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQAK6sVovUk&pp=sAQA

20.  Fleetwood Mac - Sara (Official Music VIdeo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bWGy0K5VF0&pp=sAQA

21.  Fleetwood Mac - Save Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Or1VPIanDlw&pp=sAQA

22.  Fleetwood Mac - Say You Will (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0e--WTQHao&pp=sAQA

23.  Fleetwood Mac - Seven Wonders (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9b4F_ppjnKU&pp=sAQA

24.  Fleetwood Mac - Silver Springs (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDwi-8n054s&pp=sAQA

25.  Fleetwood Mac - Skies The Limit (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTkQ5lG4Sv8&pp=sAQA

26.  Fleetwood Mac - Temporary One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-qcqn2yiN4&pp=sAQA

27.  Fleetwood Mac - The Chain (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBYHwH1Vb-c&pp=sAQA

28.  Fleetwood Mac - Tusk (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATMR5ettHz8&pp=sAQA

29.  Fleetwood Mac Live (Unboxing Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPw3vbjkfso&pp=sAQA
Fleetwood Mac