
A Sunday Kind Of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CdoYdYYOuU&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

A Teenager In Love-Dion and The Belmonts-Original Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-Xvgv92GBc&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Billy Ward And His Dominoes - Stardust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHRtrpW7FUo&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Blanche by The Three Friends(DooWop)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLHNyDwICTg&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

BOP-CHORDS   Castle In the Sky   OCT '56
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XjEA73AykQ&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

BROOKLYN BRIDGE -  WORST THAT COULD HAPPEN 1969
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Wn04VG_D3g&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Chapel Bells by The Fascinators
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZA_UAshNOU&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Coney Island Baby, The Excellents  1962
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9Vr4hEo6Vs&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

DARLING LORRAINE ~ The Knock Outs  (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FImAdb1wNBg&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

DEVOTIONS     Rip Van Winkle     NOV '61
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oa6JzP-hzmU&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Dion & The Belmonts  I Wonder Why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZBSGaWrEn4&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Five Satins - To the Aisle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMFosgDfAQY&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Frankie Lymon & the Teenagers - Share
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rcq9ff5fGTk&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Hushabye - The Mystics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94VWNiOcss0&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

I'M IN THE MOOD FOR LOVE ~ The Chimes (1961)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blMW80gdVmY&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Image of a Girl - The Safaris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qcqp-jv6MPc&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

In the Still of the Night-The Five Satins-original song-1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRb1-SAAIzs&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Jerry Butler - For Your Precious Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFYqz1yv0WM&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Jive Five - My True Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glOMdK8gfbo&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Jive Five - Never, Never - Classic Brooklyn Doo Wop Ballad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erK7RMi8Cug&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Johnny Maestro & the Crests - My Juanita
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_OsX2K-mv8&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Kenny Vance and the Planotones-Looking for an Echo (Doo wop)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EB8hqkiPJM&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

LEE ANDREWS & THE HEARTS -TEARDROPS  (1957)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgJN-BeyyjY&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Little Anthony & The Imperials - Tears On My Pillow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we2kmO24rgE&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Little Anthony & The Imperials Shimmy Shimmy Ko Ko Bop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mLjZRAXRRA&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

LITTLE ANTHONY AND THE IMPERIALS - TWO PEOPLE IN THE WORLD - END 1027 - 1958
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gowgfivrR9g&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Norman Fox and the Rob-Roys- Tell Me Why (Doo wop)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAdYDFKM1p4&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Once in a While The Chimes 1961
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-ZGFyBJ1k8&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

One Summer Night- The Danleers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QT4LJxBBaF0&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Paradons - Diamonds And Pearls (Milestone 2003) 1960 (First Pressing with Guitar Intro!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuWDOovBghI&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Passions - This Is My Love - Brooklyn Doo Wop Classic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icLh_1nNt88&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Randy & The Rainbows - Denise. (Best Quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3iD1Ud0IG4&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Rosie & the Originals - Angel Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xm3qnh1sck&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Schoolboys - Please say you want me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Of9IUfswFIQ&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Sorry (I Ran All The Way Home)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TY0ze7Ky5_k&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Cadillacs - Gloria (1954)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U28e4EEC2j4&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Capris - Morse Code of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rz_9r1APwM4&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Capris -There's A Moon Out Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4xNF9uh8SA&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Channels - My Love Will Never Die 45 rpm!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ci57fFRw7I&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Channels - That's My Desire (1957 Doo Wop Gold) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bo0NAK-n2g&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

THE CHANNELS - THE CLOSER YOU ARE (1956)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0Qx44tDvkc&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Chantels - He's Gone (1957)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtZ6buR8VfU&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Chantels - Maybe (1958)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IePTH1PWzAs&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

THE CHARTS - DESERIE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lpgdt5TJNw&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Chords - Sh-Boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBgQezOF8kY&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

THE CLEFTONES    Heart and Soul [original]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OH7Ay1tvXs&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Cleftones - Little Girl Of Mine (original version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5w8Dr45Sls&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Del Vikings - Whispering Bells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDrjIW91Qh0&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Dells - Oh What A Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1ozQT8yQXA&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

THE DESIRES - '''LET IT PLEASE BE YOU''  (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnC0GeccZh4&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

THE DUBS - CHAPEL OF DREAMS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffIsHjlIE5o&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Dubs - Could this be Magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNFvZLnUr-M&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Duprees - You belong to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCeNCvwEFU8&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

the elegants - little star
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8F4vdF-bJc&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Five Discs I Remember 1958 Emge 1004
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKegLRIpe40&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Five Keys___Close Your Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ghEYpD5B3o&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Flamingos Lovers Never say Goodbye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2pXO21RH8E&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

THE HARPTONES LIFE IS BUT A DREAM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rHqV3YMTP8&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

THE HEARTBEATS - ''CRAZY FOR YOU''  (1955)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTQPF2QlAmE&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Heartbeats - A Thousand Miles Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HQBDRSryUA&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Jive Five - What Time Is It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmD1sCEeR5o&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Marcels   -   Blue Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0fy1HeJv80&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Mello Kings - Tonight Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SyLQViMuE7I&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Moonglows In My Diary Chess 1611 A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2F095dSzUzA&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Moonglows-Most Of All (High Def)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieDxe3XKMLw&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Nutmegs-Story Untold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAGQZIFf_H8&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Paragons - Florence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oB2NF7QxiaA&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

THE PASSIONS - JUST TO BE WITH YOU  (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRMWwXn7PVM&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Penguins - Earth Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Platters - Only You - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5p2k55F-uag&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Platters - Remember When
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COZaEJrtAEQ&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Shields-You Cheated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McipJA-golc&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Skyliners - This I Swear (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSu9Kj7Q_Vg&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

THE STUDENTS I'M SO YOUNG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZX5YPpfOINQ&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

The Velvets - Tonight (Could Be the Night)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t43eoVslYNQ&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

THE VIDEOS - TRICKLE TRICKLE  (1958)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoDCBMOwrZI&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

This I Swear The Skyliners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koDc-zCxFpY&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Velours Can I Come Over Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQJ8SZEdPdw&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

VITO & THE SALUTATIONS - UNCHAINED MELODY (1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHwDeGDkEFk&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v

Why Do Fools Fall In Love-Frankie Lymon+The Teenagers-1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sAHiR0rkJg&list=PLH6hTH5HY39nctLBBpaIFNsLkF7o-uD_v
Top 100 Doo Wop Songs