
2225.  Computer Basics Basic Parts of a Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLgTnkw558w

2227.  Computer Basics Buttons and Ports on a Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yq9qzw8p7FI

2230.  Computer Basics Cleaning Your Computer (1130997).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgBIsKeTLLk

2234.  Computer Basics Cleaning your Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdheyyNnJyk

2239.  Computer Basics Connecting to the Internet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93-3zmVvCGU

2245.  Computer Basics Creating a Safe Workspace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NLQ3uC8_sw

2252.  Computer Basics Getting to Know Laptop Computers (1459621).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LIv2ocJXRk

2260.  Computer Basics Getting to Know Laptop Computers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LIv2ocJXRk

2269.  Computer Basics Hardware.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctAVC2JwEwI

2279.  Computer Basics Inside a Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HB4I2CgkcCo

2290.  Computer Basics Protecting Your Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mMZFoXbKqI

2302.  Computer Basics Setting Up a Desktop Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnM3u99xIf4

2315.  Computer Basics Understanding Applications.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gMOYZoMtEs

2329.  Computer Basics Understanding Operating Systems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkGCLIQx1MI

2344.  Computer Basics What Is a Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cu3R5it4cQs

2360.  Computer Basics What Is the Cloud.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OO77HFcCUs

2377.  Computer maintenance tips and tricks - backup files and clean computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXtQCK_fabw

2395.  Mac OS X Basics Getting Started with the Desktop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEQ8u3LViDU

2414.  My computer is too loud, replacing the heatsink and fan - (Performance PC series).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfPIz-AcalE

2434.  New Course Basic Computer Skills.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mybYCf4Mov4

2455.  Windows 10 - Beginners Guide [Tutorial].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZqKyhfD7-E

2477.  Windows Basics Getting Started with the Desktop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jvp61NwGT8
computer basics