
1.5K Sub Giveaway Announcement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_wB-PJh1_0

1K Giveaway Time  Thank You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv7MV5YfKRI

A Close Look Nelson Albino Milksnake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKQRj5jzcP8

Albino Nelson Milksnake QuickEasy Setup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZ69Z0z_x-M

All My Pets & Stories (Feeding Chameleon slow mo tongue and Bearded Dragon)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uA5zaf1RiQ

All My Snakes (Update)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tp3ibFAVax0

Baby Dwarf Hamster Photos Day 1-5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9UG7jkgB9c

Ball Python Feeding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9eGHzxNw8I

Ball Python Temperament
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a54-MpKB7KU

Ball Python Tub Setup (All Items listed In Description)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJSRGlziuBw

Bearded Dragon Experience & Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axDgcK0cQu4

Bearded Dragon Scrub-a-dub Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubgBL-IPRI8

Betta Tank Upgrade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Io-4urcNfA

Bijou's Babies Day 13
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBrBEPj2RY4

Bijou's Babies Day 9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYL2C4qVqDY

Birth of Dwarf Hamsters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgyGSLi60Sg

Blue October - Barnes & Noble Houston Full Performance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u89q2_eMwUk

Brumation in Bearded Dragons My Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyC1zcFzFu4

Cat Toy Review  Do You Dare Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKSvmPO9-mo

Chameleon Facts ColorationGood for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPt9hXQsUk0

Chameleons vs Bearded Dragon  Temperament - Very Basic Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaCXZdLI_CI

Complete Axolotl Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZX5sgGSXn0

Corn Snake Feeding (Uncut)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZdbWvl_6Dw

Corn Snake Set Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yd0HuwfqktQ

Cyn Pet Vlogs Has A New Name
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yW0_GBki9eQ

Daddy Hamster Scares Baby Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sep_JdXLQ_8

Dallas Stars Ice Breakers 9-11-10 Camera Footage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sw4UwK2E3kA

Dallas Stars Ice Breakers 9-11-10 Phone Footage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OV95QoF9bDk

Dallas Stars Practice in Euless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1AicqIgztg

DIY Bearded Dragon Harness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQQusYG95Aw

Dynasty Reptiles Unboxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUlJU7-qiFg

Elusive Fish Store Find Jeweled Moray Eel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOqCmXyifpI

Fear Not The Leech Educational & Pet Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIJvY57RmwQ

Feeding All My Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fhSk_Yc6KM

Feeding My PET Leech!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iknEj4H1I8

Feral Cats My Experience (How You Can Help)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NcPiHvkJXA

Fish Profile Blue Green Chromis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qC5DTjutDso

Fish Profile Dwarf Zebra Lionfish Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms1AScqnEyc

Fish Profile Green Spotted Puffer (True Care)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfevrFCsWqs

Fish Profile Sleeper Banded Goby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ju0gD0DxICk

Fish Profile Snowflake Eel Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzIy-vK-fm0

Fish Profile Tomato Clownfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2noJJ3KXWw

Fish Profile Tuxedo Urchin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1yM2WseZPY

Fish Vlog Relocating Fish + Some Sad News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hygyeiq7VUw

Gift Card Giveaway - Let's Reach 1000 Subs!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4U0vL29bBvI

Giveaway Update (Giveaway OVER)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uc2yXxq6ih4

Giveaway Winner Announcement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1t_kNpjJrVU

Green Spotted Puffer Jigglypuff Dental Trimming & Shout OutRead Description
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGlg8uM2L9g

Green Spotted Puffer Watch Me Sleep & Wake Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dEQPHZ-Fec

Hamsters - All Grown Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=np7ujLjaHPY

Heart Failure In Cats  EMOTIONAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFTYJT6wRbI

Horrible Superworm Unboxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q760_cTvtmE

How Snakes Shed Watch My Snake Shed Up Close
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJBzl8x8Jio

How Starfish Eat How To Feed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjNT7FBtaSs

How To  Handling Hamsters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZFcSYNhSmE

How To Pet Leech Water Change Guide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0TGEUK3ALk

How To Sex a Female Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9JP2J3gxBU

Hurricanes Don't Forget Pet Supplies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMjo4AQ2IAg

I WON Something  New Upgrades For My Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWpiPxnOXw8

Interesting Starfish Facts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9T3v1HkP_Y

Introducing My Eel Green Spotted Puffer Needs Dental Floss & Future Shout Outs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozjeh2UdQBc

Items Never To Give Your Cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNFBPBHnUGo

Java Moss Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8jDKl8mbiw

Lionfish Feeding Tips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-DcuIukJjQ

Lionfish Things Stores Don't Tell You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNeV144Y664

Live Snake Feeding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrQbVBHkOsQ

Meet My Duckling + Chickens and Piglets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3kzlxZDWJc

Meet My Gulf Coast Toads plus SURPRISE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3M9ewizAcdU

Meet My Veiled Chameleon aka Cone Head
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2QvOBJmbGY

Meet New Fish -  Fish ShoppingTaking Home Process
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xazowOzrPsM

Meet Runt the Raccoon (Mail from Joe Munoz)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrjzMG9XrzY

Mental Illness How Pets Help Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuVhkrPVRt0

My Baby Leech  Life Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_W87B02fUfg

My Budgies Why I Can't Keep Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJ8YKpZhdc4

My Cat Ate a RibbonNew Puppy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxvrguxlTeY

My Cat Needs Surgery  Update on MY Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzMLwaQa5NQ

My Cat Unboxes His Gifts  Super Cute!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VllT95fTUDU

My Cats Got Sick  December Was Terrible  Life Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A19geWRPtzk

My Saltwater Fish Info on Species in Tank - Future Aquariums
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiHSy_oiP-c

Mystery Snail Hatchery and Hatch Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvhBh3zlzhg

Mystery Snails Breeding and Eggs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=davcbntYbKY

Nelson Milksnake Feeding (Uncut)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhmU8UjbTQA

Neon Tetra Aquarist Giveaway Entry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0C0YP6VzjHo

New Apt and Pet Tour All My Pets!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noJKPmeeK34

New Born Hamsters Day 1-5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buQR8Fy2gdo

Old Snake Sheds What To Do With Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cb1M__dZjsE

Our Dog Passed Away The Toughest Vlog (Taking a mini break from YT)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8USWlKyzKU

Outdoor Reptile Safety Tips (Original Mosquito Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQBb2c0M6oY

Pet Leech Needs Timeout (She is Bratty)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJg1s8knb6o

Pet Leech Update  How I Handle My Leech
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vQgrSbZbsA

Pet Loss My Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9xT6eDSBc4

Pet Storytime Orphaned Opossums (Adorable Footage PhotosFacts)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXTU5OBqB88

Pig Apple BobbingSad Update (Comment Some Pig to show Piggy we cared)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQ1eBwblbec

Profile Chocolate Chip Starfish Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1IgU2ErQmk

Profile Clarkii Clownfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3A-gDzVc6jk

Profile Complete Crawfish Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4NmBMnhwyU

Profile Golden Head Goby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e26d078xGLk

Profile Lightning Maroon Clownfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1drZDMi45yE

Profile Ocellaris Clownfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCbwW7kZn5I

Profile Red Clawed Crab (Extreme Crab Close Up)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8ZVP9-ixvs

Proof Mini Pigs Make Great Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUoo8s21-Ko

Q&A  (Inspired by Taylor Dean, Conflicting Hamster Housing, Easy Reptiles)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k47iQIQVETk

Rats A Look Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6M956sJn4Q

Repticon Houston 12-3-17
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufMagaJNhUI

Repticon Houston 2017 Vlog  - Feb-25-17
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOtpgn54RPs

Repticon Houston Announcement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcivNAwS7R4

Reptile Outdoor Safety Version 2 (Non Mosquito Version!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37NdysmdccM

Reviewing Feeders Big Cheese Rodent Factory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wx01CCF2Yk

Room Tour All My Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiwlhiPRGIc

Secret Pet Reveal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlg4atL6NUc

Shopping with my Bearded Dragon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8n_ExgntR1A

Shout Out Sorry I've been Gone (Internet Back!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YpiPtSmW5Y

Shout Out, Chameleon Update and Repticon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iL4HmBktOOc

Signs of an Aging Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnNHV3qg_n0

Starfish Do They Have Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajoyyEYCMVE

Storytime Favorite Pet Memories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvHno3JXA1s

Storytime Secret Snek (Please Read Description About GoFundMe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANw_ferTHD0

Stray Kitten Found Me (New Video Schedule)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImBFJn-Aowo

Stream Outdoor BEARDED DRAGON Fun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9e0g_SaWAyE

Stream Piggy Bathtime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCtpvP47ws0

Testing Cam. See Chameleon And Piggy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iCTl2y91gs

The Real Story Daddy Hamster Scares Baby Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ripXXRY2VhI

Toilet Cat (Drinking toilet water)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vH_D2eaS_0M

Tuxedo Urchin Stung Me and My Eel (No Power in My Room)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7NFAkrB-Yo

Unboxing AA Feeders Superworms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0kJVhRjNYQ

Unboxing Java Moss (Neon Tetra Aquarist)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMvldWq30go

Unboxing Mystery Snails (My cat ate algae wafers story)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGQQhk9Lw1w

Unboxing Pet Leech  You Won't Believe This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhhF0LVY1OY

Update #2 Snowflake Eel  (Giveaway at 1000 subs)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1JQqz-rwvs

Update Golden Head Goby  Patreon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_bJ7_aMWL8

Update Snowflake Eel &  My Clam Was Murdered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzUcGVySv_I

Vacation Vlog - November 4th (Puppy Update)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCGjIyDVNIY

What Do My Pets FEEL Like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfjzRaywm5U

Who Am I An Introduction Video (Support on Patreon)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZFNPe-jaaM
Cynful Exotics - Videos