
19116.  14 Minutes To Change Your Life Forever - Peter Crone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yc3ZuM3Pq20

19118.  2020 THE YEAR OF THE SELF.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbIafax5NxA

19121.  3 Steps To Feel Better NOW (Snap Into Happiness) Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMXetd5p6qY

19125.  4 Minutes To Start Your Day Right! MORNING MOTIVATION and Positivity!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgiiY9TLtX8

19130.  5 Amazing Things You Get From Becoming Successful Nobody Talks About.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3nO_JySGC0

19136.  5 Life Lessons That Will Make You Truly Rich (My Dad Taught Me This!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S18bLbVJ7Os

19143.  5 Things Eckhart Tolle Said That Will Open Your Heart To The Magic All Around You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSvAZ_FZFSc

19151.  5 Things You Should Be Grateful For Today!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3h3t2P6-AlE

19160.  5 Toxic Beliefs You Must Eliminate If You Want A Happy Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3qPztbt2M8

19170.  5 Ways To Get Back On Track When You've Lost Your Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7fODknoBrM

19181.  6 Things You Must Know About The Law of Attraction Michael Bernard Beckwith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JO8b820u5k

19193.  7 Principles To Live By For A Successful, Happy Life - Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUoKyjBIoE8

19206.  7 Things I Need To Tell You About Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9101p5dowLw

19220.  7 Things That Are Perfect For Your Soul (and LIFE!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWM-2mLiDMM

19235.  7 Things You Can Control That Will Make A Huge Difference In Your Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_f2NkYWDVTs

19251.  7 Things You Should Never Apologize For!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGEH0TQYpKI

19268.  A POWERFUL story about ANGER and LETTING GO (The Snake and Saw Story).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwHhxeaSSRM

19286.  Amazing Story of The Happy Musician (LESS is MORE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbmFxvo5FhM

19305.  Anxiety Explained  Is it Really A Gift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGB-4oyhIug

19325.  Anyone Who Doesn't Love The REAL YOU Is Not Meant For You!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hK9jI0cQnjA

19346.  Ask Bigger, Believe You Deserve More and You Will Attract Better - Must Watch Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7WluVxp664

19368.  Balance In Life - Inspirational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HloRqgygPW0

19391.  Be The Change You Want To See (Inspiring Speech).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBq9mrxQKok

19415.  BE YOURSELF - Motivational Videos Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r20ILRJej_I

19440.  Beautiful Things Happen When You Distance Yourself From Negativity! Inspiring Speech.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47QE__nA5tY

19466.  Believe In Yourself - Inspirational Speech Ft. Ashley Zahabian.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRVWoowIk6I

19493.  Change The Way You Look At Things & The Things You Look At Change - Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSyBvP0RLlk

19521.  CHOOSE to attract MIRACLES (Your Thoughts Create Your Reality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvLowVe4Ack

19550.  Comparison Is Only Healthy If It Inspires You To Do Better - Jason Silva.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJvoGqnhV7o

19580.  CONFIDENCE - How To Develop Self-Confidence (Motivational Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLtxKNgBzUg

19611.  Create A Life You Don't Need A Vacation From.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYVeaMxlluk

19643.  Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over (Beautiful Cover Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1egkxHA81E

19676.  Do Not Give Up On The Person You Are Capable Of Becoming (Inspirational Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qiRhaoR9JAg

19710.  Don't Allow Your Life To Be Controlled By These 5 Things (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOTDDWTW43A

19745.  Don't Allow Your Life To Be Controlled By These 5 Things.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQ7XCalQfx0

19781.  Don't Compare Your Life Journey To Another (Must Watch Motivational Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UJzdC4m7E0

19818.  Don't Let These 5 Kinds of People in Your Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSUKLExDa-A

19856.  Don't Look Up - Look Within - Inspirational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZhP3Rxb8rA

19895.  Don't Take Anything In Your Life For Granted - A Must Watch Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wna-8qFy_v0

19935.  Don't Take This Life For Granted - Inspirational Speech.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNTTOlUD2hA

19976.  Don’t Let Your Ego Take Control Of Your Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CyN3yDfKo0

20018.  Dr. Bruce Lipton Explains How To Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqLT_CNTNYA

20061.  Every Scar Is A Lesson ?? This song is so empowering!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjB3kCRVcGs

20105.  Everyone Has A Purpose - Inspirational Video Ft. Chris Ross.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acbS5-1LLrw

20150.  Everything You Want Is Already Inside You! (Motivational Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_W7S1tPgpeY

20196.  FEARLESS (Official Lyric Video) Living My Truth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-WGdI12Evg

20243.  Feel Good Now ATTRACT Great Later (Law Of Attraction).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5OLIelmV3M

20291.  Follow This Advice and You'll Love Your Life - VERY SOON.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuweodhrLwg

20340.  Follow Your Heart Your Brain Is Stupid (THE SONG!) Official Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQ0VmsaS0SI

20390.  Follow Your Heart... Your Brain Is Stupid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zD0XKGLh_Eo

20441.  Gratitude - Inspirational Speech GET GRATEFUL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8INhAYxwi8A

20493.  How Do I Be Positive ALL THE TIME - Fearless Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7YVxHz_WV4

20546.  How I Feel When I Stop Comparing Myself To Others (Grass is Greener Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KIypBUoQVk

20600.  How To Move On, Let Go & Leave Your Past in The Past (Powerful Speech).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIKFEkO3Qss

20655.  How You Treat People Is Who You Are! (Kindness Motivational Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTsvSAItPqA

20711.  I Am Already Enough - Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RM9QsQbIuc

20768.  I AM ME - The Song (Official Lyric Video) Fearless Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UE_kzab3BWw

20826.  I AM ME..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8Sv3CitPks

20885.  I AM THANKFUL FOR MY LIFE!  Powerful Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_AQx5ORAHg

20945.  I Believe In Miracles (The Song!) Official Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvZVtrEXXwc

21006.  I Believe In Miracles - Inspirational Speech.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaF9p179Dvg

21068.  I Cried When I Heard This Song For The First Time ?? (I Am Already Enough).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFQ7qiqm6WA

21131.  I Hope This Song Makes You Feel Special Today.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6u1LY1fWRjM

21195.  I Hope You Become Truly Rich In 2019....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4P0K3tcheY

21260.  I Wish Somebody Told Me IT'S WITHIN YOU!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHh9bYSpWLQ

21326.  I wonder if today will be a day I look back on with PRIDE or REGRET.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztIo2l2U_WY

21393.  I've Never Met A Strong Person With An Easy Past.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtKk9H6m07M

21461.  If I Die Today (LIFE CHANGING SPEECH).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8H8ELK1sikI

21530.  If You Think They Are Holding You Back WATCH THIS (Toxic Family and Friends).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pMVNIxogl0

21600.  If You Want To Attract Better Into Your Life - Do These 5 Things!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqV5b0SlF0Y

21671.  If You're Different BE DIFFERENT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVVNOvPzqpI

21743.  Imagine A World Where Money Comes Before Compassion....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UagiNqJh-d0

21816.  It's OKAY to be DIFFERENT (Official Lyric Video) Fearless Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhgTJM28shk

21890.  It’s not happening TO ME... it’s happening FOR ME (Motivational Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lNFVJsbN30

21965.  Learn How To Access Higher Levels of Intuition - Create Your Own Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0itzEnilO-4

22041.  Let It Go (Official Music Video) Fearless Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3N1p_9cZ1s

22118.  Life Is A Game And Everyone Can Win - Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIPYdzAGzFI

22196.  Life is NOT FAIR. It NEVER Will Be. It's OK..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ivf7aHa-Hpg

22275.  Like Attracts Like (The Law of Attraction) Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2I_ZWMZywo

22355.  Live This Day Like It's Your Last (Official Music Video) Fearless Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4EDjXWYUKs

22436.  Live This Day Like It's Your Last - Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfqirq4rDfI

22518.  Most People Settle For Less Than They Deserve (Motivational Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qiF5fiJihjA

22601.  Never Give Up - Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuCAYqyFMg8

22685.  One Day It Will Be All Over (The Song) Official Lyric Video - Fearless Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSYQoxnUxU0

22770.  OUR SEARCH FOR PURPOSE & MEANING (The Most Important Motivational Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTE7UimoGgw

22856.  Overcome Depression & Anxiety - Motivational Video - World Mental Health Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ga-MniJxQz8

22943.  Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind Before You Sleep Every Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFFsYZhn8Rg

23031.  REVIEW LAST YEAR so you can BE BETTER THIS YEAR!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yHR3LkvUok

23120.  Say Thank You - A Motivational Video On The Importance Of Gratitude.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uzynHWxn5Q

23210.  She Sings The Most Beautiful Cover of FIX YOU by Coldplay (LIVE off the floor).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tg8g4Va3qUo

23301.  Showing Kindness Isn't Weakness, It's A Strength (The BE KIND song!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVyYOBh5laY

23393.  Sometimes You Outgrow People (Surround Yourself With The Right People).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DbQpdHQ6Gg

23486.  Stand Up For Everything That Matters To You - Fearless Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVZJ3Kio7F0

23580.  Start Loving Myself (Official Lyric Video) Fearless Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKClP9aVJSE

23675.  Stay Away From Negative People - They Have A Problem For Every Solution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsumYK9o0Ew

23771.  Stop Chasing Success - Do This Instead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsWWF72_ItE

23868.  Stop Doing These 5 Things If You Want To Find Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQOrsulA_O0

23966.  STRONGER (Official Music Video) - Fearless Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tV1Ys357sQE

24065.  Thank You - Inspirational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gz1VcwLukzY

24165.  Thank You - Official Music Video - Fearless Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ahhvab1qFCs

24266.  The 10 Most Important Human Values - Fearless Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOJu1vj_BVk

24368.  The 4 Beliefs That Attract Love and Unlimited Abundance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7tvzWQT6W8

24471.  The Beggar and The Treasure ( Truly Inspiring Story).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtWv4g9M58w

24575.  The Best Revenge Is Letting Go & Moving On With Your Life (Inspirational Speech).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjpUqPXdo8E

24680.  The Best Revenge Is Letting Go (Official Music Video) Fearless Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4pGzUV4sOg

24786.  The Best Revenge To Hitler - What an Amazing Woman! Dr. Edith Eger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SV0hZCYX9O4

24893.  The Great Secret - Law Of Attraction - Inspirational Speech.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHUuDu38ZVg

25001.  The Law of Karma - Inspirational Speech.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sj1FxfkfmQU

25110.  The Meaning Of Your Life - Master Your Mind (Motivational Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWLZ3yjaPkM

25220.  The Most Important Conversation You'll Ever Have - The Importance Of Self-Talk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2pPNBk_7L8

25331.  The Only Thing That Can Make Anyone Successful!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3XnDNlux1s

25443.  The Only Way You Can Be Successful Is To Be Yourself! - Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQAn3Vwdrqs

25556.  The Power Of Gratitude - Inspiring Speech.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tq7V0spFmU

25670.  The Power Of Intentions - This Video Might Change Everything!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewB2Xv9WFpw

25785.  The Power Of The Present Moment - Living In The Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ci4Wg6MFcT4

25901.  The Question Asking Process - POWERFUL MORNING ROUTINE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5_MTt9edho

26018.  The REAL FAKE NEWS - NEVER Listen To This Internal Talk!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkqWBjcXASU

26136.  The Top 5 Regrets Of The Dying (Don't Let This Be You).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giLfXWQlAfY

26255.  The Whole World Needs To Hear This! - Life Changing!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6VRjeIhuKQ

26375.  The World Would Be A Better Place if We All Lived This Way! (Motivational Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFYyZq-bY4Q

26496.  There's NO SUCH THING as REALITY... Only YOUR VERSION of it.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rs6R-uLELvs

26618.  These 5 Happiness Hacks Will Guarantee More Joy In Your Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoIBO2COcXo

26741.  These Morning Habits Will Transform Your Mindset & Quality of Life (Morning Motivation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5RYSA1uCDw

26865.  This Is How Powerful Love Can Be (Bruce Lipton on The Honeymoon Effect).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHWkU2J2vyw

26990.  This Is How Powerful Your Words Are - Be Careful What You Speak Into Your Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlDnhQl1VEQ

27116.  This Is How You Create A Life That Is Wonder-FULL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8_anWMqgC4

27243.  This Is Not The End - Inspiring Speech On Depression & Mental Health.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBGvOmUhhq4

27371.  This Is Why We Suffer! Deepak Chopra (1008719).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Taj14EHZpYE

27500.  This Is Why We Suffer! Deepak Chopra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Taj14EHZpYE

27630.  This Is Why You MUST Take Responsibility For Exactly Where You Are In Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VK7hej9-mg

27761.  This Is Your Purpose (Explained In Under 5 Minutes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzLrTFJtsJI

27893.  This Powerful Morning Process Will Change Your Life - PRE PAVE with INTENTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3yM2GvKVAE

28026.  This Song Is A Reminder BE YOURSELF (Free To Be Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rIuyERj9RA

28160.  This Song is A Reminder It's Never Too Late.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPLBMuvKoKY

28295.  This song is so beautiful, and SO TRUE... we just had to cover it.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDVYKRy0xQU

28431.  This Song Will Give You Goosebumps ?? (Live For Today).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hp_X5SZPs9I

28568.  This Song Will Help Set You Free (FREE MY SOUL official lyric video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7ZQl4e6A4w

28706.  This Song Will Help You FIND YOUR WAY (Official Lyric Video FIND MY WAY).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdOV6qDwOP4

28845.  This song will help you MOVE ON - before it's OVER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTezlO6xLpY

28985.  This Song Will Inspire You To Dream Bigger! (NOT PLAYING SMALL ANYMORE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glRKVUN6U78

29126.  This Song Will Inspire You To Let Go (TAKE CHANCES EVERY DAY).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5uzxE8d0mY

29268.  This Song Will Make You Feel FEARLESS! (Living My Truth) Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LudecHmsdtI

29411.  This Song Will Remind You There IS Still Good In The World (Fearless Soul).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ar-kQJFR-pU

29555.  This Song Will Remind You To Be Kind To Yourself (Fearless Soul).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWoM2xuXkWo

29700.  This beautiful song will INSPIRE you GROW INTO the YOU you want to be.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wqpr8rrEVIc

29846.  THOUGHTS BECOME THINGS!???? ???? (The Song!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ol5VXPHumI

29993.  Time (Motivational Speech V2.0).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALSS-97pWV8

30141.  Try not to cry when you listen to this cover of FIX YOU by Coldplay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsBNDryJYSs

30290.  Try NOT To Feel Joy When You Listen To This Song (IT IS IMPOSSIBLE) - No More Negativity Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQw_Ur-EKvE

30440.  understand THIS and you'll be OK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=difj0WoEKeY

30591.  UNDERSTAND THIS! Love is Everything - Love What You Do, Do What You Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4H64BWIqSyA

30743.  What Is Life About - Motivational Video Inspirational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ri1vCc76vRU

30896.  What Is Your One Word This Is Why You Do Everything!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0BQyFOtHm8

31050.  What it feels like to be IN LOVE - Peter Crone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-57OhVy2vDc

31205.  What people THINK success is V what success REALLY IS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPKZXD3mbxE

31361.  When You Learn To Be Alone These 4 Things Will Happen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmwTKmk89PA

31518.  Who Am I and What Do I Want For My Life Powerful Speech Featuring Oprah.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BL2cp7sLq0w

31676.  Why Is Nobody Asking This (It Will Change Your Life Forever) Motivational Speech.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5B3qVae1j8

31835.  Within You - Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7R1auV3UP4

31995.  Wow! This cover of Imagine might make you cry today.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sazmo9Kx6zI

32156.  You Are Energy - Inspirational Speech (Law Of Attraction).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1v0IZ1v7Fg

32318.  You are NOT your PAST or your MISTAKES (2020).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9tt7VIRumE

32481.  YOU ARE WORTHY! (This Story Will Give You Hope).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQDjvrTtO4w

32645.  You Can Never See The Pressure Others Are Under. Be Kind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsjfuXtZteU

32810.  You Cannot Be Lonely If You Like The Person You Are Alone With - Inspirational Speech.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJgYkcQwfpc

32976.  You Will Need Tissues For This Cover Song! ?? You Say by Lauren Daigle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bv7-U3RHcpU

33143.  YOU WILL NEVER FORGET THIS (Story of 2 Brothers).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8z82WjBiF8

33311.  Your Words Matter (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFHz1tGguWE
Fearless Soul Inspirational Speeches & Music Videos on Abundance & Gratitude