
1.  A Gizmo Exclusive Trick- Part 2 Twin Tunnel Weaves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0iQNCHwROc

2.  Gizmo getting the molt massaged out ?? Rabbit tricks Bunny tricks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AO_Mx57j5x8

3.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead bunny playing, sprints, binky and taking flight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nWNJW3Hr5c

4.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit - 3 tricks in 14 seconds (©).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsnTBUEzD4o

5.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit - fan request.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgjvoDMXgOU

6.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit - Gizmo is hopping mad whenever his cushie isn't just right Lion head.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxmd511t0vU

7.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit -1st day of target training on the A-Frames Jan.620 ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcCZiP0iYLo

8.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit EXCLUSIVE trick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvrdU08wz_U

9.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit first targetpole lure trick training session.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTHf1Wg8ItM

10.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit Happy Mothers Day! Rabbit Tricks flopping May 10, 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VD36VNVMiKg

11.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit Hates Going To The Vet ??. Daily life with a trickster  bunny Pt.3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJiRKhXhM6Y

12.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit still can't get comfortable - the struggle is real ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahvcq7SM5Rs

13.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit- Flopping after tricks training. Cuteness overload cutest bunny.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eKWVdcVKfE

14.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit. 3 rabbit tricks in 16 seconds. Early target training Nov.4 2019 ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op1FgQ19RPM

15.  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead reluctantly jumps 1st time on the couch wout his ramp. Nov.2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLwdn-E1pJU

16.  Gizmo The Lionhead Rabbit 100th SUB.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKwebm0BmKE

17.  Gizmo The Lionhead Rabbit- Gizmo is an Intermediate Trick Dog Title Holder Rabbit (ITD) CTDI  0520.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2775bOetXBc

18.  Lionhead Bunny Rabbit - Gizmo is a finicky little baby Lionhead Rabbit ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hq5LCFQEyeY

19.  Lionhead Rabbit Gizmo exclusive trick coming soon... stage 1. ( long pauses while he eatstreats).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-a1CaZ9R9QM

20.  Lionhead Rabbit Tricks - Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit Ring the desk bell-Intermediate dog trick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQvpVJhyVJg

21.  Lionhead Rabbit Tricks COMBO 5 tricks13 seconds - Gizmo The Lionhead Rabbit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlHtIkbCB5U

22.  Lionhead Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqurqqMOYCE

23.  Lionhead Rabbit Tricks with Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit. ASMR A-frame & Jump Through My Arms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-U0QCpK5ZI

24.  Lionhead Rabbit Trickster can't get his cushie-bed just right Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0VMabpEK2Q

25.  Lionhead Rabbit TV time turns to terrifying! Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ia9vIkiS80

26.  Rabbit Tricks - Gizmo The Baby Lionhead - Bunny Tricks @ 5 months old. (©).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDcK3y4XbEQ

27.  Rabbit Tricks - Gizmo The Baby Lionhead hoop jump early target training (©).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyoBdD4d6LM

28.  Rabbit Tricks - Gizmo The Baby Lionhead- learning the zig-zag, spin and stand up. (©) ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7_DWh1l9_U

29.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo Earns Intermediate Trick Dog Title @ 358 days old @ DMWYD title holders list.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INxDaWnV8KA

30.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lion head Rabbit learning the bunny bar jump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDp-wrZAL-8

31.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead  bar jump and station without the target Jan.2820 (©).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEU89vKWt_A

32.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead  the twist early target training Oct.2719 ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDfDwixepB8

33.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead -  1st day of something new - scentshell game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtKRha6pGVg

34.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead - funny fails early bunny bar jump training  Nov 119 (©) ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHt26tp9hUo

35.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead - Novice Trickster Certification Day! Congratulations May 720.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtd5YLPL-y4

36.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead - vertical hurdle jump training- height up to 4th shelf (©).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpArTAJbTZE

37.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo the baby lionhead 1st day of target training -.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLpMpAuqGMw

38.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Day 2 BlindCovered Hoop Jump 2nd submission video to CTDI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjTrrWwHy_Y

39.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit  HOW TO TEACH BATON JUMP  easiest Intermediate level.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf5s2kcnSj8

40.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit -  bunny bar jump training wout target Nov319.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oaXV0VIGfw

41.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit - 1st time target training on bunny bar jump. Oct 3119.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RVcyi_RBmw

42.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit - flying over A-frames Jan.1220 (©) ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCP1RXtMuf4

43.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit - HOW TO TEACH CRAWL TUNNEL  Step 1. Intermediate ITD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExpbvynIdG8

44.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit - Ring The Bell collection of recent training vids ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvC-9tWgebQ

45.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit - walk backwards clicker training day 1. Jan2620 (©).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgVTxryGkws

46.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit AWARDED ITD! Gizmo Intermediate Trick Dog Title ITD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5witDO2zes

47.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit JUMP THROUGH MY ARMS sess.#3 CTDIITD submission video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gw6k70KVN8s

48.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead rabbit learning the high hoop jump Nov519 (©) ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdbbfnlTpIo

49.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit-  1st attempt on mini seesaw.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVVvtj81DBM

50.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit- A-frame & paw without target. Jan1820 ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxFO-3lt7Wk

51.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit- A-frame freestyling Jan1620 (©)????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0ZeoDKXWRk

52.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit- bunny tricks 1st try at  shake a paw .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pk4ABAkOfmg

53.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit- ring the bell 1st day clicker training Jan2520 (©).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koxMPddva88

54.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit- Slow mo & stillshots of high hoop jump.Staying home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2dmv0eCXns

55.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit- stuffy toy best buddy gets groomed by Gizmo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjUB9CVBt3U

56.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit- SUB request- early hoop jump training with target pole.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42lLu7ILtpo

57.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit.  Zoomies  Feb.320 (©).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYc-zkOU2Kw

58.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead ?? Will Rock You Trainers Cut #2 text larger - audio by TikTok.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrlwkPkRDgg

59.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead-  A-frames and SeeSaw ( repost audio fixed ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTBp4kzVb90

60.  Rabbit Tricks Gizmo The Baby Lionhead- 1st day of verticle hurdles target training Nov. 419 (©).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEbJRWirkb8

61.  Rabbit Tricks Training  Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit  SUB request.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xIz2RdqOmc

62.  Rabbit Tricks Training Collection Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Part 1 of 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69Q3IiJqCgI

63.  Rabbit Tricks Training Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Intermediate Level- paper covered hoop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMRgPEz6qUk

64.  Rabbit Tricks Training Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit-  1st try of downsized version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UezuGW7Oo8

65.  Rabbit Tricks Training Gizmo The Baby Lionhead Rabbit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHl-nyrHi6w

66.  Rabbit Tricks Training Gizmo The Baby Lionhead step1 Jump Through My Arms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0_-ZZeTzsM

67.  Rabbit Tricks Training Gizmo The Baby Lionhead SUB Q&Arequests, tips and a few secrets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VMisGV4fqo
Rabbit Tricks - Gizmo The Baby Lionhead (©) - Videos