
1.  A New Heaven and A New Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4swCl9rq-Fg

2.  A New Thought Perspective on Charlottesville, VA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOCIB96LQbY

3.  Act Like You Got Some Sense.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9EbANQrpeg

4.  Acting As If or Acting A Wish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0lGGfVM13o

5.  Addicted To Joy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAHo0SzK_ZE

6.  Affirmative Prayer - You Brought It With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ew60Cmkpg5k

7.  After The Red Pill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKfnJI1bD0Q

8.  All Is Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zs9O_Sxr6uM

9.  All Is Well.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOvlmy7LXMQ

10.  All Things Are Possible (Closing Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IOQG3huaE4

11.  Be At Peace  - Closing Prayer (December 2016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRaPAzg463E

12.  Be Jesus To Somebody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zb9L_wcVDo

13.  Behind It All.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m6YCODLYkA

14.  Bless You Fear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hjs7vfCUqi0

15.  Blessed Always.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f60WoK8ZveU

16.  Celebrate NYE 2013 The Choice Is Yours.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZH0TNMTIrs

17.  Community Service.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyGkRlVGO5c

18.  CSC NYE 2014 - Permission Granted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__b8JGr9Q00

19.  CSC Promo - One Word.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBON9eM8WRo

20.  CSC Testimonial - André.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9uejD7hvhQ

21.  CSC Testimonial - Julia and Jefferson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5k3TJG1O7w

22.  CSC Testimonial - Saundra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHhOrJaeoSE

23.  CSC Testimonial - Sydney and Stella.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kM2wM-IOvXg

24.  Don't Lose Your Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caj7mIKWVIM

25.  Earth Day Sermon - Give Us This Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EV32KuFqfTo

26.  Earth Day Sermon - The Soul of the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enaNSAl3lTk

27.  Election Day Prayer 2020 (6AM).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtBEwy_iwF4

28.  Evolving Worship Message Clip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V76RUz1wGuw

29.  Facebook Live Money Is My Friend Webinar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8OYJzW37P4

30.  God Ideas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qM-lh7cFmHE

31.  God Talk Sunday - Online.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjfZyhoVrGk

32.  Good Friday Live! At The Cross A Metaphysical Teaching.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEqUwLioUAg

33.  Good Friday Livestream At The Cross - A Metaphysical Teaching.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twp_UfIFEas

34.  Great Is Thy Faithfulness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NvdSC6gUGc

35.  Higher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZBfbBuRJK4

36.  I Am Where I Am.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpU1wRWGOQk

37.  I Choose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4YbbXjeI60

38.  I Give This To You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBZuObQIMCA

39.  I Let Go.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4w3heh8VHg

40.  I Will Trust You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HPm5HEf9Oo

41.  I Won't Be Satisfied.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fErMB-Tvuz8

42.  Illusion's End.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3AK3oIIHP0

43.  In The Heart Of God.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIWJuHL6qGM

44.  In The Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yx_sGCRjeaM

45.  Independently Happy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxvrkQN87Ro

46.  It'll Work If You Work It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8tMdNINLbw

47.  It's A Matter Of Trust.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Fj37NxiwY8

48.  Joy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tV7DQ-hmPv8

49.  Know Thyself, Week 1 Ye Are Gods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AN2_NdWXsiE

50.  Know Thyself, Week 2 The Creative Principle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GveakbXzfE

51.  Knowing Is Half The Battle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3qQTvP6Hzk

52.  Let ME Out!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_-bTdFEakU

53.  Love Has Spoken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j44KcLPAvFM

54.  Love Story - Nessa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=demsFD0wKUU

55.  Love Story - Rachel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42ZrLY0f4Rs

56.  Love Story - Rev. Seana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obfJDd_a0aE

57.  Love Story - Terese.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gakWXcLCz7g

58.  Love Story - Will Stone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XRz_c2IEhk

59.  Love The One You're With.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4BKKHgsYmw

60.  Make Me An Instrument - Pastor Greg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zksp7G3ETx0

61.  Make Me An Instrument.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIRn7y_Kw9s

62.  Meditation Experience   I Make Room.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeyvHaxcPUE

63.  Mission Possible, Week 1 The God Experience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nadwjhnmWZs

64.  Mission Possible, Week 2 Evolving Worship.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrQBNhLvsXE

65.  Mission Possible, Week 3 A New Normal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNWcCBds8os

66.  Mission Possible, Week 4 Set Yourself Up To Win.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YaOxGH_EZM

67.  Musical Moment - You Are The Beating Of My Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtVEQ2tjYIE

68.  My Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qm5qj0SBaB4

69.  New Thought  The Meditation Experience, Weekend Service 9.17.17.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNXnHV130z4

70.  New Thought Affirmative Prayer Something Woke Me Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX9iJrG2jes

71.  New Thought Clip One Simple Idea Interview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjj4UW5qFVM

72.  New Thought Clip Your Body Listens To You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DzY8kowm20

73.  New Thought Closing Prayer All Is Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YB7DL-9Uw-A

74.  New Thought CSC 4th Anniversary Invite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiEXpqKfd28

75.  New Thought Easter 2017 Invite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4m1muyT8bE

76.  New Thought Easter 2017 Service via FB LIVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLToC_pEFO4

77.  New Thought Family & Friends Day 2017 Service (FBLive).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ytot16Ml1Eg

78.  New Thought Live Now What - Kim Burrell, Homosexuality, & The Black Church.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIJ4qRZ_s6M

79.  New Thought Live Stream - Celebrate NYE 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNjk99Rkxik

80.  New Thought Live Stream - Weekend Service 11.1.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6wWLlFmHFA

81.  New Thought Live Stream - Weekend Service 11.15.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Si_Y3Kj6MOM

82.  New Thought Live Stream - Weekend Service 11.8.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp6DCTklask

83.  New Thought Live Stream Weekend Service 11.22.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXKOd-BIFBw

84.  New Thought Livestream - Intro To Affirmative Prayer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUSwfYOx88s

85.  New Thought Livestream - Money Is God In Action.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2m0uu3E2MA

86.  New Thought Livestream - Practice The Practice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOSs3rUoLCI

87.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3XnIGh_yhA

88.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxZ8d8nRiEQ

89.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 11 (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c3xzWgVO3M

90.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 11 (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GScwweII1sk

91.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 12.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOZjBdr4ReQ

92.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 13.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REZibPTJqLs

93.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 14.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEndlzxnr_w

94.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H_-xJVPDoI

95.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfWJEiwFKio

96.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHlUE381mYM

97.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0Y_3snmTxw

98.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 8 (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmXQc-qprq0

99.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 8 (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gL-rYsX-9vU

100.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoLyHEnrZFQ

101.  New Thought Livestream - THRIVE Masterclass, Week Six.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3qvFRerQJw

102.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game Masterclass, Week 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbvFdH872tM

103.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 1 (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5algnJLOII

104.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXIztwUx8Mk

105.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9ME6hZudeY

106.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 2 (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJh43kg6pKA

107.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4vfkSp__as

108.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDoKy11ZFYk

109.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuGGTHJLpcY

110.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgTvPQokohw

111.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpAb4C9IM-8

112.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRm4BfjWrjA

113.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyqfOD9Qfc0

114.  New Thought Livestream - We Got Game, Week 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qn4bEhg42eI

115.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 1.10.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKygUXrG2Yc

116.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 1.17.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-sipZuqqZ8

117.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 1.24.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9eJdXB66-U

118.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 1.3.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LxOzBxNXys

119.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 1.31.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCcLrUUWrEM

120.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 10.11.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dE-IdbrudUk

121.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 10.18.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6Hzpcb-5cE

122.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 10.25.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kegtYwCfuJ0

123.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 10.4.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-21jwaWfYs

124.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 3.29.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_5QVTzbCrw

125.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 5.31.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dJ65sv-CCY

126.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 7.11.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K56IuRa3kCM

127.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 7.18.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-59zFYQeRcw

128.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 7.25.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66IjjifE8G4

129.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 8.1.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHV2e_5NzeM

130.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 9.13.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmEA1_O6Itw

131.  New Thought Livestream - Weekend Service 9.20.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQyn--23otc

132.  New Thought Livestream THRIVE Masterclass, Week 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wlLg02zZpM

133.  New Thought Livestream We Got Game, Week 5 (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CU8ru-ANKG4

134.  New Thought Livestream Weekend Service 8.16.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOQ9LNs9ASY

135.  New Thought Livestream Weekend Service 8.2.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS3-t32cYLk

136.  New Thought Livestream Weekend Service 8.23.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjD_V2_B7_E

137.  New Thought Livestream Weekend Service 8.30.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5GU0EMpkko

138.  New Thought Livestream Weekend Service 8.9.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcMSZSKbOl4

139.  New Thought Livestream Weekend Service 9.6.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UesIzfIvogg

140.  New Thought Meditation - 6.14.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yy0O1ZQ-pSk

141.  New Thought Music - Great Is Thy Faithfulness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OB9KTMpFnUQ

142.  New Thought Music - I Am Enough (Rockwood Music Hall, November 2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OD0EG212ptg

143.  New Thought Music - I Give This To You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NX5MphMdI5g

144.  New Thought Music - I Keep My Mind (October 2019).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKlQ8V5Gyug

145.  New Thought Music - Namu Myoho Renge Kyo (August 2019).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CInXZdvF1c

146.  New Thought Music - Woke Up This Morning (1672450).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_3igwX1tEU

147.  New Thought Music - Woke Up This Morning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKwZzbn-B3E

148.  New Thought Music Amazed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWwDFx0W9UA

149.  New Thought Music Amen Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwKpePxqQok

150.  New Thought Music Be Jesus To Somebody (1685548).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYwmf6408Wg

151.  New Thought Music Be Jesus To Somebody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93Wcu4pwraA

152.  New Thought Music Beautiful People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riBKkCKcKgU

153.  New Thought Music Behind It All (Recorded Live at Smash Studios, NYC).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_pOebaGpOY

154.  New Thought Music Blessed Always feat. Pastor Yolanda Batts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OueO-5EopNg

155.  New Thought Music Expect Your Miracle (Cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euhV2-aFUXM

156.  New Thought Music God Looks Good As Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKM7Bj-sRsg

157.  New Thought Music Holy, Beauty, Worthy (Live at Smash Studios).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UajkoEpPBS0

158.  New Thought Music Holy, Beauty, Worthy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fD-STAOQZHY

159.  New Thought Music I Always Find You (Live at Smash Studios).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFaUqIrohno

160.  New Thought Music I Am Enough (Recorded LIve @ Smash Studios, NYC).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzcCkHugjwc

161.  New Thought Music I Am Enough.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfC4xrPETqU

162.  New Thought Music I Am Grateful (November 2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARKnKOXh7G4

163.  New Thought Music I Am Open To Receive (May 2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Is_8xuxZc_w

164.  New Thought Music I Am Open To Receive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcZ5mAEdSZk

165.  New Thought Music I Bless It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tlPDnSZGxw

166.  New Thought Music I Call You Beautiful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zc_3YGKRC9o

167.  New Thought Music I Expect The Good (1919570).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9r0Yw7H_tvo

168.  New Thought Music I Expect The Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy7XxsIrz0A

169.  New Thought Music I Get Still.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=to-lggfbGIA

170.  New Thought Music I Will Trust You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZfK5cpUNTw

171.  New Thought Music It Will Find Me (Recorded Live @ Rockwood Music Hall).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VosOTzfwj4

172.  New Thought Music It Will Find Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8o27dGfLY8

173.  New Thought Music It's The Most Wonderful Time Of The Year.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7HXILwVr-c

174.  New Thought Music Love Has Spoken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgWDJNCUVYs

175.  New Thought Music Love Is The More Excellent Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_QSxedXxeU

176.  New Thought Music My Everything (Clip).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNLzApqfZn0

177.  New Thought Music My Everything - Live at Rockwood Music Hall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhcTEnSUscg

178.  New Thought Music My Name Is Royalty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nn2IUgOWz0

179.  New Thought Music My Word Is Working For Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUOXTdKq4b0

180.  New Thought Music O Holy Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psByD6KlhIE

181.  New Thought Music Reveal (Full Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOx8_ydohp4

182.  New Thought Music Show Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZVgH2bcf0U

183.  New Thought Music Sweet Spirit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtdnboBjaJQ

184.  New Thought Music The Same Power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YsB7_XMOOUU

185.  New Thought Music The Universe Is Responding To Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yySHjZrgSq0

186.  New Thought Music The Year Of Big Dreams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1iDp3txqps

187.  New Thought Music There's A Healing Going On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j18HfvPpLrw

188.  New Thought Music Things Are Always Working Out For Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDAKgI4PPSo

189.  New Thought Music Toward Our Wholeness (5.13.18).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQixvlrvzEo

190.  New Thought Music We Will Rejoice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhuIy6hbSFk

191.  New Thought Music Wherever I Am (1735605).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muIh8zcT6Lo

192.  New Thought Music Wherever I Am.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KwvhIwGRFE

193.  New Thought Music Yes I'm Grateful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9OATjGcNN0

194.  New Thought Music You Win (1928502).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDLiSiFeLCY

195.  New Thought Music You Win.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dE-UL4GwuXg

196.  New Thought Music You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43NNSI7UI0E

197.  New Thought Music- Behind It All (Recorded Live at Smash Studios, NYC).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bY5QJAFP3d0

198.  New Thought Music- My Name Is Royalty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iu5q5DKFDP0

199.  New Thought Sermon - Adam Lives In Theory.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHwzovx4Zmo

200.  New Thought Sermon - Amplifying Your Hosanna (Palm Sunday 2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUsXVPDm_GI

201.  New Thought Sermon - Bigger!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTdk-m3zwCk

202.  New Thought Sermon - Freedom Don't Cost A Thing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gDZJyAchrU

203.  New Thought Sermon - Heal Your Mind, Heal Your Life (November 2017).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icRTvDCPs7E

204.  New Thought Sermon - How To Get Back Home (June 2017).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urXEclKugOo

205.  New Thought Sermon - I Can't Believe My Eyes (March 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYLB1SV05YI

206.  New Thought Sermon - I Get So Emotional (Palm Sunday 2017).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcGnQAYsFIM

207.  New Thought Sermon - Let's Go To The Other Side (May 2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFhXVc7Drys

208.  New Thought Sermon - Love Millionaires.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18eJCSZYNoc

209.  New Thought Sermon - Shutdown The Reactors (September 2016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAz14W8Xhrg

210.  New Thought Sermon - The Eye Of The Storm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Us_AqvpsH-k

211.  New Thought Sermon - The Holy Impulse To Thrive (May 2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gknPnklFtgY

212.  New Thought Sermon - The Next Revolution (April 2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wBwzbr8h_I

213.  New Thought Sermon - The Whole World In Your Hands (Oct 2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yt-_oKfQnNs

214.  New Thought Sermon - Three Feet From Gold (November 2017).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNwzdJcBMks

215.  New Thought Sermon - What Happens When You Believe A Lie (December 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIesUMRg-90

216.  New Thought Sermon - When We All Get To Heaven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UgIDJTPm8s

217.  New Thought Sermon - You Are Not A Thermometer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twUdH1dRAE0

218.  New Thought Sermon A Creative Battle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KApWO_EKc1g

219.  New Thought Sermon A Creator's Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmF0E4NV3aA

220.  New Thought Sermon A Fully Formed Idea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJvkHpzLbbI

221.  New Thought Sermon A Message From The Ancestors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gpM2s5IBo8

222.  New Thought Sermon A New Beginning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_eE0Jd61h8

223.  New Thought Sermon A New Consensus (AUDIO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gcx-7H7DkVY

224.  New Thought Sermon A New Conspiracy Theory.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FDnNPViR7s

225.  New Thought Sermon A New Destiny.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVB6FeJL1f4

226.  New Thought Sermon A World Created By Fear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czxY-adw7H8

227.  New Thought Sermon Accept Your Role With Honor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKtzBsDNlpg

228.  New Thought Sermon Activating God.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcErqc0LSXk

229.  New Thought Sermon All That Matters Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DN_sCZhsS0A

230.  New Thought Sermon Always Innocent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50enSAdPgXs

231.  New Thought Sermon Amplifying Your Hosanna.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJ7D37ioQ0o

232.  New Thought Sermon And Still I'm Grateful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sQdcxBdJ_o

233.  New Thought Sermon Are We There Yet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AT4MtAePfjY

234.  New Thought Sermon At The Cross - A Metaphysical Teaching.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_wKOviJaxg

235.  New Thought Sermon Batteries Included.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFhUmdJsLcY

236.  New Thought Sermon Be At Peace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhRjU17vKTI

237.  New Thought Sermon Beware The Dark Side.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkR-i6gdTO8

238.  New Thought Sermon Beyond Your Lifetime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jm56wNJTX4g

239.  New Thought Sermon But I Don't Want To Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35O9cuA5oik

240.  New Thought Sermon Can I Get A Witness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbxqzhX69XU

241.  New Thought Sermon Can You Describe It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1UZUZWcWAg

242.  New Thought Sermon Cause & Effect My Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUerIJapZU4

243.  New Thought Sermon Change The Future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbI3ynX1KiY

244.  New Thought Sermon Check Your God Concept.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxffqzAYYAs

245.  New Thought Sermon Childish Games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WRFcW5_C8c

246.  New Thought Sermon Clip #RelationshipGoals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLv0bhcEL5o

247.  New Thought Sermon Clip - Collateral Imagination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5_xTmgWkxs

248.  New Thought Sermon Clip - It's Coming To You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EXjhKnvksM

249.  New Thought Sermon Clip - Life Is Not An Awards Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92cBhswIH7g

250.  New Thought Sermon Clip - Power Is Not Passive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EBoGmVTgUo

251.  New Thought Sermon Clip A Creator's Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1su9sRopok

252.  New Thought Sermon Clip A New Beginning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNgIvLpzd38

253.  New Thought Sermon Clip Believing In Precedent vs. Faith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdRdOHygkhc

254.  New Thought Sermon Clip Daily Spiritual Practice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIeYWw0fiO4

255.  New Thought Sermon Clip De-Hypnotized.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=magY307FQCU

256.  New Thought Sermon Clip Divine Memory.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Csx4IdNsB5U

257.  New Thought Sermon Clip Flip The Switch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suZ6PtMGm_w

258.  New Thought Sermon Clip For All Have Sinned.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Me2jOi4tZG8

259.  New Thought Sermon Clip God Is An Action Word.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhL5v8qkQSg

260.  New Thought Sermon Clip God Is Riding For You!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfwcOqZ8w14

261.  New Thought Sermon Clip God Loves Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlS5utT6ZNc

262.  New Thought Sermon Clip Healing Is Restoration To What Is.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axTjj9O8EPA

263.  New Thought Sermon Clip Higher Ground.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tD3pI8qRGds

264.  New Thought Sermon Clip How can I command the good under these conditions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zx-hl0YOnSw

265.  New Thought Sermon Clip I Dare You To Prosper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29h3I2eMdhA

266.  New Thought Sermon Clip Keep Your Heart Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2zSJ64TWNg

267.  New Thought Sermon Clip Lead With Faith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJL4s9JxHhg

268.  New Thought Sermon Clip Let Go Of Self Criticism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kajnz5XUifw

269.  New Thought Sermon Clip Locked Out Of Heaven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7yOyS_Q4IU

270.  New Thought Sermon Clip Louise Hay & Mirror Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-0lDJs0tPw

271.  New Thought Sermon Clip So We've Prayed Now What.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZKwa6KL6YU

272.  New Thought Sermon Clip Somebody Call Security.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBMPqHdLHvY

273.  New Thought Sermon Clip Supply Precedes Demand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRp6EJGxgoY

274.  New Thought Sermon Clip The Evil Queen Wasn't Born Evil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpRb6yd_e4A

275.  New Thought Sermon Clip The In-Between.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAY1S3M2plo

276.  New Thought Sermon Clip The Last Judgement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2rnGJjcDxA

277.  New Thought Sermon Clip The Net Is Always There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UjMHTSYWlU

278.  New Thought Sermon Clip The Only Thing That Is Busy Is Our Thoughts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEaoCoogsS0

279.  New Thought Sermon Clip The Starting Place.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8mFk_ssDvM

280.  New Thought Sermon Clip There Is No Absence of Life Anywhere.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7RdcFggUCU

281.  New Thought Sermon Clip There's Enough Love To Heal It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIUZt1thFg0

282.  New Thought Sermon Clip There's Gold Dust Everywhere.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4u-s0RZvl0

283.  New Thought Sermon Clip Treat Your Spirituality Like You Treat Your Smart Phone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbLdC9aRoIk

284.  New Thought Sermon Clip True Humility.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZifAUvZSMTY

285.  New Thought Sermon Clip Universal Laws Not Universal Begging.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgcpyRHDsig

286.  New Thought Sermon Clip Wade In The Water.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvhB85lnTkA

287.  New Thought Sermon Clip We Have A Unique Issue In The United States.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HReSRl5zOro

288.  New Thought Sermon Clip You Are The Living Mystery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ky9NKnC3xpY

289.  New Thought Sermon Clip You Brought It With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5g3EBLbOfVE

290.  New Thought Sermon Collateral Imagination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNVVYA88BAs

291.  New Thought Sermon Command The Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CN5r2h9PD-0

292.  New Thought Sermon CSC NYE 2015 - Yes Yes!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2Oq8a3ynlo

293.  New Thought Sermon Dammit Morpheus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLxMLVnRcjw

294.  New Thought Sermon De-Hypnotized.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5mmBrNltSo

295.  New Thought Sermon Deconstructing Forgivness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_FSU-cJJdI

296.  New Thought Sermon Destroying Your Wizards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGj7Yp1L5A0

297.  New Thought Sermon Divine Memory.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pkt6rwuiWiE

298.  New Thought Sermon Do You Have A Fertile Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6upvFl4z5U

299.  New Thought Sermon Does This Make The World Better.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0Vc07yUHmo

300.  New Thought Sermon Don't Get It Twisted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fR6Pfm2alW0

301.  New Thought Sermon Don't Judge The Chrysalis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaMjJkNYE1A

302.  New Thought Sermon Don't Wait Until You Die.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4bzcbhcuNo

303.  New Thought Sermon Down Here In Hell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CapStGTQgWg

304.  New Thought Sermon Dream Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIy9eAXJ6HI

305.  New Thought Sermon Ending Your Addiction To Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3wh3-Yls-I

306.  New Thought Sermon Every Birth Is Holy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-a0bAhtf_X8

307.  New Thought Sermon Every Ending Is A New Beginning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqxAVcNYFpY

308.  New Thought Sermon Everybody Has To Lose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVuAeEPMax8

309.  New Thought Sermon Everything Is Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScTAkrogK_k

310.  New Thought Sermon Fall Into Forgiveness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlSwUQju5-E

311.  New Thought Sermon Finding God.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDCA-iBj4vs

312.  New Thought Sermon Flip The Switch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGOhTIZrMC8

313.  New Thought Sermon Free To Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCPBIbotQVY

314.  New Thought Sermon Freedom Don't Cost A Thing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ha5N3srnaI4

315.  New Thought Sermon Gambling Away Your Joy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgJ_i_8vREQ

316.  New Thought Sermon Get Up Trinity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYIY7jmAhBo

317.  New Thought Sermon Getting To Know You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsoaUdIFjU0

318.  New Thought Sermon Give Us This Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-I19Dvf_eQ

319.  New Thought Sermon Go And Sin No More.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBZ2l_9dxI0

320.  New Thought Sermon Go Back In The House.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKaGVQ3QHmk

321.  New Thought Sermon God Does Not Forgive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGIn6lj3Q70

322.  New Thought Sermon God Is My Health.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNgG_31V0ZQ

323.  New Thought Sermon God Is Not A Monster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akPHkDW-VN4

324.  New Thought Sermon Gratitude Is A Lifestyle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZe-0ON5IF8

325.  New Thought Sermon Gratitude Is Not For God.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNScR_lRVZo

326.  New Thought Sermon Gratitude Ninja.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXdpnn8uoOk

327.  New Thought Sermon Gratitude Without Conditions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3T_FG_LoEk

328.  New Thought Sermon Great Idea, Great Contrast (AUDIO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNUoE9zADv4

329.  New Thought Sermon Green Eggs & Ham.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGmVuCNmnTM

330.  New Thought Sermon Have You Got Good Religion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0zRPKQxvGM

331.  New Thought Sermon Heal Your Mind, Heal Your Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCy1u_u0YaI

332.  New Thought Sermon Healing Your God-Trauma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWMKCwCnl2Q

333.  New Thought Sermon Higher Ground.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWG5qdEa2ao

334.  New Thought Sermon Home Court Advantage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxFS2KAHxcE

335.  New Thought Sermon House Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRa9jUPi8MM

336.  New Thought Sermon How Metaphysicians Break The Rules.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wAshW0K5w4

337.  New Thought Sermon How To Get Back Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtMg09bGe_Y

338.  New Thought Sermon How To Get Out Of Hell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xO_brEh7KAo

339.  New Thought Sermon I Am Entitled To Miracles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b83F3u2mKtY

340.  New Thought Sermon I Am The God Experience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sl9rhfixlIA

341.  New Thought Sermon I Can't Believe My Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9M4rd9MqqI

342.  New Thought Sermon I Dare You To Prosper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltKV0qXpFMQ

343.  New Thought Sermon I Get So Emotional.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfy9x1lfg_k

344.  New Thought Sermon I Receive What I Give.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vputCm4ly70

345.  New Thought Sermon I Trained For This.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mE0yrpewJSs

346.  New Thought Sermon I Tried It For Myself.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqs8DmRaG5o

347.  New Thought Sermon I Want To Know What Love Is.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6qAj6RNDiU

348.  New Thought Sermon I'm A Lover, Not A Fighter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIzJb0utGjQ

349.  New Thought Sermon I've Got A Golden Ticket.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li5AEHZcWvc

350.  New Thought Sermon If God Be In Us....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fv8nmijrt1s

351.  New Thought Sermon If I Was George Bailey's Pastor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSPrXCXQ6vc

352.  New Thought Sermon If Jesus Went To India....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZ555O8v4wg

353.  New Thought Sermon In The Midst Of It All.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67o0aEtzcs4

354.  New Thought Sermon Initiated Into Greatness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOnsyMhMt3U

355.  New Thought Sermon Is That Your Final Answer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hg9iq40jZZk

356.  New Thought Sermon It's All Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AV1btAqmaSU

357.  New Thought Sermon It's Always Working In Your Favor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKcyATeqtT8

358.  New Thought Sermon It's Coming To You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHdD07C1la0

359.  New Thought Sermon It's Time For A Revolution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0awZOkoRSs

360.  New Thought Sermon It's Time To Go Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AzeCeYbs3Y

361.  New Thought Sermon It's Time We Had A Little Talk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zL1A8xZf4c

362.  New Thought Sermon Keep Your Heart Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCPXLDAbRp8

363.  New Thought Sermon Law Abiding Citizen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrvSj91CR_E

364.  New Thought Sermon Leaving Kansas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_x7pt-QMQU

365.  New Thought Sermon Let's Go To The Other Side.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUlXEc5UCR8

366.  New Thought Sermon Life Is Not An Awards Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ya_0PtqSQZ4

367.  New Thought Sermon Life Isn't Fair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqjVsmZp_-8

368.  New Thought Sermon Lining Up With God's Yes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmRlofXGfsM

369.  New Thought Sermon Listen To Toto.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7WnJdqE1k4

370.  New Thought Sermon Locked Out Of Heaven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OLrCNqbHAU

371.  New Thought Sermon Love Millionaires.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z69VWpUD-84

372.  New Thought Sermon Lowered Expectations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvH63Ou3Ikc

373.  New Thought Sermon Making The Invisible Visible.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71We2TJgtO8

374.  New Thought Sermon Making Use of Your Discontent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LORhfm9UIL8

375.  New Thought Sermon Manifestation Comes In Threes (New Year's Eve).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EDEXCyjxWY

376.  New Thought Sermon Master or Slave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwAngaeXwW8

377.  New Thought Sermon Master Teacher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bpK6r1Sqek

378.  New Thought Sermon Miracles Don't Stop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hhrcWpNYyM

379.  New Thought Sermon Mirror, Mirror On The Wall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7srswbe0ZRU

380.  New Thought Sermon Natural Law.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GysFAqxzNg

381.  New Thought Sermon No Other Gods Before Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QmB95JK3no

382.  New Thought Sermon Now You've Crossed The Line.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_8_u7X2-n8

383.  New Thought Sermon NYE 2016 - A Blank Canvas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYYRbuV9-rc

384.  New Thought Sermon O Come All Ye Faithful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAL4d5ZScHI

385.  New Thought Sermon OK, I'm Not Playin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HZxk5uf6Xk

386.  New Thought Sermon Or Do You Want To Be Free.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osN0GkwC2V0

387.  New Thought Sermon Pastime Paradise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWXOv9kBmyg

388.  New Thought Sermon Play The Game, Know The Rules.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0NK4Aq6zR4

389.  New Thought Sermon Possibility Is Calling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdKAcXUn5Rg

390.  New Thought Sermon Preparation Meets Manifestation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AIm5GduqHo

391.  New Thought Sermon Purpose Not Perfect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edetkKniNcM

392.  New Thought Sermon Quantum Leap To Freedom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_IxGKiZGTk

393.  New Thought Sermon Reengineering The Corporation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt9pZretPJ8

394.  New Thought Sermon Reimagine Easter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ML6TYydGxos

395.  New Thought Sermon Relationship Matters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgLZ6PEjjck

396.  New Thought Sermon Repeated Exposure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shOXHvHH-IE

397.  New Thought Sermon Reverse The Thought, Reverse The Condition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXz95vEMTaU

398.  New Thought Sermon Shutdown The Reactors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgdCi5WiseA

399.  New Thought Sermon Sight Beyond Sight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEa8OWX7W0A

400.  New Thought Sermon So This Is Christmas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aL1j-orfmTo

401.  New Thought Sermon So We've Prayed, Now What.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJc1Z-xqY5Y

402.  New Thought Sermon Somebody Call Security.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vFLTI-pbVQ

403.  New Thought Sermon Somethin'  Said.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eVYLW2FmYM

404.  New Thought Sermon Something Woke Me Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeXQ0G-jGjI

405.  New Thought Sermon Speak Your Universal Name.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjZAm5NwiWA

406.  New Thought Sermon Stop Begging God.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzFLDI79lYk

407.  New Thought Sermon Struggle No More.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93z7Px-j3XA

408.  New Thought Sermon Super Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nr2fphhAMOc

409.  New Thought Sermon Take Back Your Keys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edSiDlMPGuQ

410.  New Thought Sermon Take Back Your Throne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4stmiOzw04

411.  New Thought Sermon Take God's Word For It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuDcfC0qAsQ

412.  New Thought Sermon Take It And Live It (AUDIO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6wQun3NRdo

413.  New Thought Sermon Talk Gooder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJRX_t2u3hY

414.  New Thought Sermon Teamwork Makes The Dream Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8T4cGysgizc

415.  New Thought Sermon Thank You For My Healing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkhiH7JK_Iw

416.  New Thought Sermon The Anatomy of an Unshackled Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POq_YXlJ3Qs

417.  New Thought Sermon The Biology of Choice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DubI6ToAw4o

418.  New Thought Sermon The Body Without The Mind (AUDIO ONLY).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nY2QdbFy05E

419.  New Thought Sermon The Captive, The Called, The Chosen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVghWmzBNRY

420.  New Thought Sermon The Cost Of Believing The Ego.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8l4pZqVIXU

421.  New Thought Sermon The Cross & The Bodhi Tree.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhI_QDBrPhc

422.  New Thought Sermon The Currency of Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjhVQ124pIc

423.  New Thought Sermon The Default Position.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRVc_2XRHGE

424.  New Thought Sermon The Don't Know Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MXWoTaUBJE

425.  New Thought Sermon The Enemy Within.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbmavpYu5Y8

426.  New Thought Sermon The Garden Still Exists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Mk2Z4Q-Yuw

427.  New Thought Sermon The Hidden Creator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myb2Gx2FD9I

428.  New Thought Sermon The Holy Impulse To Thrive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDoYwB37bWA

429.  New Thought Sermon The House Of Illusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l354g9-TJzc

430.  New Thought Sermon The In-Between.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z4IdVRcKFM

431.  New Thought Sermon The Last Judgement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Io9oF4Qwh6k

432.  New Thought Sermon The Myth Of Inadequacy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2JxE65ub1g

433.  New Thought Sermon The Net Is Always There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWr_6C-axmY

434.  New Thought Sermon The Next Revolution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oandmCszvno

435.  New Thought Sermon The Physics of Gratitude.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pi1LPtXYW8

436.  New Thought Sermon The Progeny of God.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUMSjDSzXPE

437.  New Thought Sermon The Questions You Are not Asking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAj0g0mEIWY

438.  New Thought Sermon The Seed of Possibility.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nNmQFdYaQQ

439.  New Thought Sermon The Simple Truth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQUKNWvkklI

440.  New Thought Sermon The Sinner's Prayer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXZhyGMv68g

441.  New Thought Sermon The Soul Of The World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwKpINQxUzQ

442.  New Thought Sermon The Starting Place.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFegIDk5FeY

443.  New Thought Sermon The Stranger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jfmi22rcwAQ

444.  New Thought Sermon The Tomb Was Always Empty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPlIflPV_Sw

445.  New Thought Sermon The Unreality of Duality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P97Od6IzafM

446.  New Thought Sermon The Way of the Warrior.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbV-JXFnbXA

447.  New Thought Sermon The Way, The Truth, The Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wh2Ifcc6sVk

448.  New Thought Sermon The Whole World In Your Hands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hykZq2uGwUw

449.  New Thought Sermon The Wish Fulfilled.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMPBw_vJ6m4

450.  New Thought Sermon There Is A Catch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bxq4ijMJyc

451.  New Thought Sermon There Is A Law In Operation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2YdM6mOOFI

452.  New Thought Sermon There Is No Ceiling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LC3isQKtww

453.  New Thought Sermon There Is No Spoon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rx5T9R1DQ_Q

454.  New Thought Sermon There Is Nothing Hidden From You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqU3HztzjVo

455.  New Thought Sermon There's Gold Dust Everywhere.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9ycr0p09KE

456.  New Thought Sermon There's Got To Be Another Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yA_ixGZJ8Ew

457.  New Thought Sermon Think Give.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMhC4y3Kwwg

458.  New Thought Sermon Think Like A Hero.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SC-r26GaxPg

459.  New Thought Sermon Think To Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPTVW23necE

460.  New Thought Sermon Three Feet From Gold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVQAJ08QjY8

461.  New Thought Sermon Training Your Guru.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEdvachYXIg

462.  New Thought Sermon Transcending Your Tendencies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaI8Pia4mSw

463.  New Thought Sermon True Prayer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKP1IoQydxk

464.  New Thought Sermon Undoing Your Doing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpoURmrWFgs

465.  New Thought Sermon Uninvestigated Beliefs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uGkQykWtNc

466.  New Thought Sermon Use The Blueprints.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCz6HWP9MY4

467.  New Thought Sermon Wade In The Water.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJ6M005Efuk

468.  New Thought Sermon Wakanda Forever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_X0yrLNxJA

469.  New Thought Sermon Wake, Children Wake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdMb2h8qqwY

470.  New Thought Sermon Walking The Path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lx6YeRHtRE

471.  New Thought Sermon We Need The Fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pI-eJ0zw_f4

472.  New Thought Sermon Welcome To Club Thrive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHVaWdDr50g

473.  New Thought Sermon Welcome To The Neighborhood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnVzvoM0rJE

474.  New Thought Sermon What Business Are You In.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94rf4aP3LWM

475.  New Thought Sermon What Is Perfect Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWPh_t03lNM

476.  New Thought Sermon What Really Pisses Us Off.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlTDpKg-DOQ

477.  New Thought Sermon What To Expect When You're Expecting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-vH2g7eaS4

478.  New Thought Sermon What's In Your Bible.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsXK8SqtQro

479.  New Thought Sermon Who Are You Trying To Convince.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IOGlCtEPfU

480.  New Thought Sermon Who Committed The Crime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iynFjHGkOEY

481.  New Thought Sermon Whose Devil Is It Anyway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYtgss5kSG8

482.  New Thought Sermon Winter's Grace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bPpw10ZrO4

483.  New Thought Sermon Woman Be Silent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RoDXmpt9EqE

484.  New Thought Sermon Words Become Matter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZwFQDNa9Ws

485.  New Thought Sermon You Are The Living Mystery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1Y99xl3Xuc

486.  New Thought Sermon You Are The Son Of God.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a88lzvFRi5s

487.  New Thought Sermon You Brought It With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5kPB6gV418

488.  New Thought Sermon You Don't Have A Choice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1k0O8-i2Sw

489.  New Thought Sermon You Have Great Power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzkUNlhKvi8

490.  New Thought Sermon You're Making It Up Anyway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1g7y2GHMGYw

491.  New Thought Sermon You're Turning Me On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FB9Bhpb9PaI

492.  New Thought Sermon Your Awesome Is Required.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Or_crJSPA9M

493.  New Thought Sermon Your Evolution Is The Revolution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFca8hwvLDM

494.  New Thought Sermon Your Fruit Speaks Louder Than Words - AUDIO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrO3os1-3Wk

495.  New Thought Sermon Your Greatest Power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YOx6rGioDw

496.  New Thought Sermon Your Word Is Working For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8aTw0M4mKs

497.  New Thought Sermon- Do You Have A Fertile Mind (April 2019).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaV2kl_Py4E

498.  New Thought Sermon- Give Us This Day (Earth Day 2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Htd_RX3C_2U

499.  New Thought Sermon- It's Coming To You (September 2016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wHs-EB7WWE

500.  New Thought Sermon- Reimagine Easter (Easter 2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UN-VdPFgUpA

501.  New Thought Sermon- Reverse The Thought, Reverse The Condition (October 2017).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yE4XxrgKRs

502.  New Thought Sermon- The Net Is Always There (September 2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdJInKm0Bfk

503.  New Thought Sermon- The Soul Of The World (Earth Day 2017).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIh51-tLHKY

504.  New Thought Sermon- The Tomb Was Always Empty (Easter 2017).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trkf0CBulOk

505.  New Thought Sermon- Think Give (May 2016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYKCPNWUF3M

506.  New Thought Sermon- We Need The Fire (Father's Day 2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3B0GtIql5I

507.  New Thought Sermon- You Brought It With You (July 2016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTJvGDcU998

508.  New Years Eve Service 12.31.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nHZZaLHJqI

509.  No More Drama.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZSGiA4BZHk

510.  Not Special, You're Essential.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSbBHiJ_dbs

511.  One Moment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lfdb0NhK3aQ

512.  One With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkJsTE9hgAQ

513.  One Year Ago.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CruQ1IXqPyw

514.  Pastor Greg Stamper on One Simple Idea with Mitch Horowitz (Season 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJL-Ho4XPMk

515.  Prayer Is Your Superpower.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWBCk7CR01s

516.  Prayer Partners - What. When. Where. How..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0aCk6qNyUQ

517.  Prepare The Table For Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDhM0MjWQAw

518.  Prison Break.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGVzXEEhacU

519.  Reimagine Easter with Celebration Spiritual Center.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCyQc0EbBRY

520.  Remembering Our Loved Ones Covid-19 Memorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5WwYINuNwg

521.  Reveal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0aUNOIhBok

522.  Sacrifice Is A Four-Letter Word.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJSkaqdWEXo

523.  See God And Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FvUvVO-8iQ

524.  See You In Brooklyn!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jDYylXiUfA

525.  Show Me (I Will Wait For Thee).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2MkWREN80U

526.  So Amazing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcUCNl_Mlbc

527.  Source or Resource.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dg_py6r1oWQ

528.  Stop Tithing, Start Giving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXuYSwDQZN0

529.  Take Your Dreams Seriously.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=787ublHU9v0

530.  That's Not Your Business.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdZ_wCOPnEs

531.  The Art of Receiving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT646yIQBSo

532.  The Courage To Be Free.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tZNBTbTDks

533.  The Dwelling Place.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wrqa3ZcYPfc

534.  The Main Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q64nC9pT5_4

535.  The Meditation Experience - Breathe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8JPiZTs2-4

536.  The Meditation Experience 2-17-19 (New Thought).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBIqYmmM8os

537.  The Meditation Experience Be At Peace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1j6RmpKPw_k

538.  The Meditation Experience with Pastor Yolanda, 2.3.19 (New Thought).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kV25N5HjZvo

539.  The Mystery Of Giving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEMbTAbyTi8

540.  The Second Time Around.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEp-EpBN-ZA

541.  The Spiritual Kingdom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-CkkBazl8A

542.  The Universe Respects You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fboLXYzg7ig

543.  The Womb Of Creation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZlzRBB0Yjs

544.  There Is No Secret Ingredient.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2U1EgjT880

545.  There's A Healing Going On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCUUcoQtX_M

546.  Things Are Always Working Out For Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kL25V51V1QE

547.  Toward Our Wholeness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaJhar3e5Do

548.  Walking Without Fear, Week 1 Inverted Faith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBp4VUQRjdE

549.  Walking Without Fear, Week 2 What Are You Afraid Of.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dh6MyniHcB4

550.  Walking Without Fear, Week 3 Creative Faith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZco0XtKCCA

551.  Weekend Service 01.05.2020 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXzwtvjttRY

552.  Weekend Service 01.12.2020 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFP9bY4-lMo

553.  Weekend Service 01.19.2020 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1aCci_lScVM

554.  Weekend Service 01.26.2020 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wObwhPLaQM

555.  Weekend Service 02.02.2020 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omCcolye8G0

556.  Weekend Service 02.09.2020 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6OPMn01aj4

557.  Weekend Service 02.16.2020 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CU42AnR9VYM

558.  Weekend Service 02.23.2020 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUV1Id8ncy8

559.  Weekend Service 03.01.2020 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXPFP3D4vLQ

560.  Weekend Service 03.08.2020 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CO9e6DaZVHc

561.  Weekend Service 10.13.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vc5ImZLsr8

562.  Weekend Service 10.20.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EadkiFjT3XM

563.  Weekend Service 10.27.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOD54yeaYWc

564.  Weekend Service 10.6.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6T3KoMI_xvI

565.  Weekend Service 11.10.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0SWesCFgXs

566.  Weekend Service 11.17.19 Livestream Pt. 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLFhsArR-mE

567.  Weekend Service 11.17.19 Livestream Pt. 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_o_iHmww234

568.  Weekend Service 11.24.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmniBcKkZX8

569.  Weekend Service 11.3.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60V_vIaiNjs

570.  Weekend Service 12.08.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyKOwT3Kea4

571.  Weekend Service 12.15.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBfQTXobo_E

572.  Weekend Service 12.22.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAqf6cxZbVk

573.  Weekend Service 4.14.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPHBCGhHxnU

574.  Weekend Service 4.21.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TOrodL_mTQ

575.  Weekend Service 5.12.19 Livestream - Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRRJBFbGWA8

576.  Weekend Service 5.12.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YGx2QHWKG0

577.  Weekend Service 5.19.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfhK6k71JX4

578.  Weekend Service 5.5.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDWBhoFlksU

579.  Weekend Service 6.16.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayhMJcwMaq8

580.  Weekend Service 6.2.19 Livestream - Pt. 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGD5AaLzpnQ

581.  Weekend Service 6.2.19 Livestream - Pt. 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSBmka7zHXw

582.  Weekend Service 6.23.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvWNkPke_QI

583.  Weekend Service 6.29.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5zNuSWVHBY

584.  Weekend Service 6.9.19 Livestream - Pt. 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aggXWSCwDs

585.  Weekend Service 6.9.19 Livestream - Pt. 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyArtubi3vA

586.  Weekend Service 7.07.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYTdHHnVxNU

587.  Weekend Service 7.14.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PuiBRyHNpk

588.  Weekend Service 7.21.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oC6b4Dkq6w4

589.  Weekend Service 7.28.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQ_JG8dl2wI

590.  Weekend Service 8.11.19 (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLCgEkcxVos

591.  Weekend Service 8.11.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8RXTrH6ilo

592.  Weekend Service 8.18.19 Livestream - Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDnyD7y8oEY

593.  Weekend Service 8.18.19 Livestream - Part Two.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQB3qd2rN9w

594.  Weekend Service 8.25.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZV2HT_fwMTo

595.  Weekend Service 8.4.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMXyLsYsOyM

596.  Weekend Service 9.1.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rt5j5Xx5Cy8

597.  Weekend Service 9.15.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaTcK3VwlD8

598.  Weekend Service 9.22.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utR7GhYAXDo

599.  Weekend Service 9.29.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvUoazASbQg

600.  Weekend Service 9.8.19 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8YXcC2sgZo

601.  Weekend Service Live Stream 12.13.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxFsw5QXtyo

602.  Weekend Service Live Stream 12.20.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZSlSitfvc0

603.  Weekend Service Live Stream 12.6.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIcu4DrtPe4

604.  Weekend Service Livestream 2.14.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qPKGLNl24A

605.  Weekend Service Livestream 2.21.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzEPrzRBxqo

606.  Weekend Service Livestream 2.28.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daEvQUCGnHU

607.  Weekend Service Livestream 2.7.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qA2kv2oXx4

608.  Weekend Service Livestream 3.14.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsEPs9kzYTk

609.  Weekend Service Livestream 3.21.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5zP0IOlX60

610.  Weekend Service Livestream 3.28.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6I0TzPaCAx0

611.  Weekend Service Livestream 3.7.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86ZTKU51eW8

612.  Weekend Service Livestream 4.4.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5TcEETmk_g

613.  What Happens When You Believe A Lie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEiiv4jO8CU

614.  What The Hell Are You Talking About.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7hjj_6YB9o

615.  When The Student Is Ready.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-tTLR7T6w4

616.  Who You Are Is Who We Need.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xhs_AwBA9Eo

617.  Whose Truth Is It Anyway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdnJYZ2oH5E

618.  Winter Solstice Visioning with Pastor Greg Stamper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPM44CgoZCA

619.  Yes I'm Grateful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yris5SeV2Yo

620.  You Are The Sunshine Of My Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnNLA3tL2-s

621.  You've Got A Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWn620U6kbQ

622.  Your Latter Will Be Greater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeW9kzbOTtk
Celebration Spiritual Center - Videos