
1.  Chester and Kona. “Two Happy Dogs in Training”.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6WOubq8h_o

2.  Dog Training - Correcting bad puppy behaviors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qitGKuEO1l4

3.  Dog Training - How to stop leash pulling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGsEe2SD61U

4.  Dog Training - Loose leash walking, down stay, polite greetings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUZXTSqxqk4

5.  Dog Training - No Pulling No Barking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2lpkGbZGHs

6.  Dog training - No Pulling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrNK85DxOtY

7.  Dog Training - off leash, teaching your dog to come when called.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gStwEtrjhvg

8.  Dog Training - Teaching loose leash walking, come, down and stay off leash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZS8zx_Pk018

9.  Dog Training - Teaching loose leash walking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8hSoqtXK7M

10.  Dog Training - Teaching your dog Leash Manners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rm0DCi0Eiyo

11.  Dog Training - Teaching your dog to come when called.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZMTrPMgEAU

12.  Dog Training - Teaching your dog to heel, sit and stay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXjT2wulkxQ

13.  Dog Training - teaching your puppy manners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6l1qUzXRyoc

14.  Doggie Daycare in Houston Galleria,  FOX 26 News The doghouse pet salon in Houston Galleria.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taNqTrFxlWE

15.  Harley's Transformation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCnxO2XbhlY

16.  How to groom a Bichon Frise - Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJXL-WY857Y

17.  How to groom a Bichon Frise Part 1  The Dog House Pet Salon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNU5gHKYWdU

18.  How to groom a Bichon Frise Part 2  The Dog House Pet Salon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4OdeccXW10

19.  How to groom a Giant Schnauzer - Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QifwSUr1OMY

20.  How to groom a Giant Schnauzer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oW09ByOzps8

21.  How to groom an Australian Shepherd - Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7ykhCoYvkE

22.  How to groom an Australian Shepherd - Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4467iCAK__o

23.  How to groom an Australian Shepherd - Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWCR9YKNl_I

24.  Jax & Thumper Training Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9J9919ST5w

25.  Kirby L Recall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-o08Lp6nYQ

26.  Kona Fuller Dog Training.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZD3B3iiGuY

27.  Loose leash walking section Group Class1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnHMIufXv6w

28.  Loose Leash Walking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RPSkXx9uno

29.  Max Gordon 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJPtynjfWeI

30.  Max greeting 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rtyqRADXqs

31.  Midnight, heel, down, recall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QOB5QOsiLk

32.  No Pulling Down the stairs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKhmbM8iS14

33.  The Dog House Pet Salon - 15 sec. advertisement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0H6jN5ZJMCo

34.  The Dog House Pet Salon - Testimonials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D85UDgpptak

35.  The Dog House Pet Salon 30 sec. advertisement (1482487).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WctohSYP3t8

36.  The Dog House Pet Salon 30 sec. advertisement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdPeK_dEFHg

37.  The Dog House Pet Salon Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhtNlkjnfy0

38.  TheDogHousePetSalon Boarding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCWIM7WV_M0

39.  TheDogHousePetSalon ExtraMile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_yQ0l1mIZU

40.  TheDogHousePetSalon Grooming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tvs3dnIe0P0

41.  TheDogHousePetSalon Training.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zw4VHth7aog
The Dog House Pet Salon - Videos