



7 Stars feat Tehuti Mos & Tha Hollaboy
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/7-stars-feat-tehuti-mos-tha-hollaboy

AFFA
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/affa

Agape - TruthSeekah feat O.N.E., Tha Voyce & Disl Automatic
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/agape-truthseekah-feat-o-n-e-tha-voyce-disl-automatic

All Praise feat TruthSeekah, King James & Phil J
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/all-praise-feat-truthseekah-king-james-phil-j

Anahata Sacred Heart Space feat Enfluentz
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/anahata-sacred-heart-space-feat-enfluentz

Angels Among Us feat Watchman and Illuminati Congo
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/angels-among-us-feat-watchman-and-illuminati-congo

Atmosphere feat King James & Tha Hollaboy
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/atmosphere-feat-king-james-tha-hollaboy

Atmosphere feat TruthSeekah, King James & Tha Hollaboy
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/atmosphere-feat-truthseekah-king-james-tha-hollaboy

Back At It feat TruthSeekah, King James & Dillon Chase
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/back-at-it-feat-truthseekah-king-james-dillon-chase

Back To That Life feat TruthSeekah, Jelly Roll & White Mike
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/back-to-that-life-feat-truthseekah-jelly-roll-white-mike

Beauty Of A Thousand Suns
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/beauty-of-a-thousand-suns

Blow My High ft. Grewsum, Watchman
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/blow-my-high-ft-grewsum-watchman

Christ Must Increase Part 2 feat TruthSeekah, King James & SA-115
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/christ-must-increase-part-2-feat-truthseekah-king-james-sa-115

Closer feat TruthSeekah & Lokka
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/closer-feat-truthseekah-lokka

Dead Men Walking ft TruthSeekah & King James
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/dead-men-walking-ft-truthseekah-king-james

Disciples Of The Mysterium feat Rasul Allah & Illuminati Congo
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/disciples-of-the-mysterium-feat-rasul-allah-illuminati-congo

Divine ft. The Voyce
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/divine-ft-the-voyce

Dreams feat Lo Key, Tehuti Mos & Sick SInce
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/dreams-feat-lo-key-tehuti-mos-sick-since

EMPATHY (Clairsentience) feat Watchman & Pleiiides
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/empathy-clairsentience-feat-watchman-pleiiides

Enigma feat Sick Since
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/enigma-feat-sick-since

Enjoying Life feat King James
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/enjoying-life-feat-king-james

Enter The Stargate feat Cosmic Crusader & Neme
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/enter-the-stargate-feat-cosmic-crusader-neme

Enter The Void feat Illuminati Congo & Aslan
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/enter-the-void-feat-illuminati-congo-aslan

Esoteric Agenda
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/esoteric-agenda

fearLESS feat Andre Auram & Modern Day Soulja
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/fearless-feat-andre-auram-modern-day-soulja

Fiyah Part 2 feat TruthSeekah & Malachi
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/fiyah-part-2-feat-truthseekah-malachi

Fiyah
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/fiyah

Flight of The Navigator feat Rasul Allah
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/flight-of-the-navigator-feat-rasul-allah

Fly Away ft. Loc Saint
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/fly-away-ft-loc-saint

Fossilized Customs feat Great Capacity & Tha Voyce
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/fossilized-customs-feat-great-capacity-tha-voyce

Gateway To The Seer Realm
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/gateway-to-the-seer-realm

Ghost
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/ghost

Golden Teachers
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/golden-teachers

Hold Me Down feat TruthSeekah, King James, C-Nile & Chris Taylor
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/hold-me-down-feat-truthseekah-king-james-c-nile-chris-taylor

Horror Flick feat King James
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/horror-flick-feat-king-james

i Am ft. St. Anthony, The Voyce, Spirit Of Truth
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/i-am-ft-st-anthony-the-voyce-spirit-of-truth

I Return feat Hope Medford of Medicine For The Poeple
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/i-return-feat-hope-medford-of-medicine-for-the-poeple

If Only feat Kryspy
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/if-only-feat-kryspy

In The Land of Make Believe
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/in-the-land-of-make-believe

Intro
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/intro

Invisible Creatures Of The 5 Elements ft. Illuminati Congo
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/invisible-creatures-of-the-5-elements-ft-illuminati-congo

King of Kings feat TruthSeekah, K-Drama & SA-115
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/king-of-kings-feat-truthseekah-k-drama-sa-115

Kymatica
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/kymatica

Laughter ft. King James, Indigo Prophet
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/laughter-ft-king-james-indigo-prophet

Leaving My Body
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/leaving-my-body

Lost In A Dream ft. The Jokerr, Watchman
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/lost-in-a-dream-ft-the-jokerr-watchman

Lost In Time feat Grewsum, Great Capacity & SA115
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/lost-in-time-feat-grewsum-great-capacity-sa115

Meditation
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/meditation

Mysteries Of The Astral Light feat ATMA, Rasul Allah & Trust One
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/mysteries-of-the-astral-light-feat-atma-rasul-allah-trust-one

Mystic Mind
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/mystic-mind

Neurogenesis
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/neurogenesis

Opening Doors To The Unseen feat Beast1333
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/opening-doors-to-the-unseen-feat-beast1333

Origins & Oracles feat SA-115
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/origins-oracles-feat-sa-115

Precious Mind feat Watchman & Aslan
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/precious-mind-feat-watchman-aslan

PYP (Play Your Position) feat King James & TruthSeekah
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/pyp-play-your-position-feat-king-james-truthseekah

Roots
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/roots

Running In Circles feat King James
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/running-in-circles-feat-king-james

Scars feat David McHenry
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/scars-feat-david-mchenry

Second Life
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/second-life-2

Snap Out Of It feat King James & TruthSeekah
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/snap-out-of-it-feat-king-james-truthseekah

Solar Boat (I Need You)
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/solar-boat-i-need-you

Sometimes They Come Back feat SA-115 & Tha Voyce
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/sometimes-they-come-back-feat-sa-115-tha-voyce

Spiritual Alchemy - Intro
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/spiritual-alchemy-intro

Spiritual Mind feat King James & TruthSeekah
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/spiritual-mind-feat-king-james-truthseekah

Starlight ft. Watchman
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/starlight-ft-watchman

Stuck feat King James
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/stuck-feat-king-james

SunDown feat TruthSeekah, BenJah & Tha Voyce
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/sundown-feat-truthseekah-benjah-tha-voyce

Synchronicity feat Tha Voyce & Illuminati Congo
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/synchronicity-feat-tha-voyce-illuminati-congo

Syncretism feat Savage Trinity & E-Truth
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/syncretism-feat-savage-trinity-e-truth

Take My Life feat King James & TruthSeekah
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/take-my-life-feat-king-james-truthseekah

The Hidden Hand feat B. Sanders, King David & Watchman
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/the-hidden-hand-feat-b-sanders-king-david-watchman

The Imaginatrix feat Illuminati Congo & Watchman
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/the-imaginatrix-feat-illuminati-congo-watchman

The Inner Reaches Of Outer Space feat Watchman & Tha Voyce
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/the-inner-reaches-of-outer-space-feat-watchman-tha-voyce

The Knowing feat Tehuti Mos, Decipher & Yediyah Ben Sion
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/the-knowing-feat-tehuti-mos-decipher-yediyah-ben-sion

The Other Side
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/the-other-side

Third Eye
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/third-eye

UnAshamed feat TruthSeekah, King James & SA-115
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/unashamed-feat-truthseekah-king-james-sa-115

UnWorthy feat King James & Will Bolds
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/unworthy-feat-king-james-will-bolds

UnWorthy feat TruthSeekah, King James & Will Bolds
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/unworthy-feat-truthseekah-king-james-will-bolds

ViSIONS (Clairvoyance) feat Beast1333
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/visions-clairvoyance-feat-beast1333

ViSIONS (Clairvoyance) feat VVitchboy
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/visions-clairvoyance-feat-vvitchboy

VOiCES (Clairaudience) feat Loc Saint
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/voices-clairaudience-feat-loc-saint

What Is High feat Loc Saint & Colt Truth
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/what-is-high-feat-loc-saint-colt-truth

Wingardium Leviosa feat Aslan
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/wingardium-leviosa-feat-aslan

Words feat Speaking Beauty
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/words-feat-speaking-beauty

World Through A Pinhole feat Loc Saint & Colt Truth
https://truthseekah.bandcamp.com/track/world-through-a-pinhole-feat-loc-saint-colt-truth
All Songs on Bandcamp