
#2 Get a Tattoo  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nspvURTtEHo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

#26 Rescue a Dog from a Shelter  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDa9YwG3Ylw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

21 Outfits in 21 Minutes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aI690PHZXyo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Beauty Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHNja9aIXNg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Concrete Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5MJp7_LTkE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Home Decor Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkpFYvg7bvk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Quarantine Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCEEplSRsd4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Summer Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nJ4XkRIqxo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqiZzRp4f2Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

5 Steps To Get Over Not Attending Vidcon  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yEfuAzKJks&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

7 Second Challenge (feat. Tyde Levi)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnakl33Gmzc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

A Day in My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ox0OiKaRIy0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

A Letter To My Younger Self #DearMe  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XL1Qesp1DgY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

A RANDOM STRANGER PUT A SPELL ON ME IN TEXAS..  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2NBYkQrZkU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

A SMOKING BOX SHOWED UP AT MY DOOR (WTF!!)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kQpDstdPq8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Addressing Your Assumptions About Me (DRUNK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-ISAWzZ5Bc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Addressing Your Assumptions About Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRwEf1-ti3o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Adventures in Vegan Cooking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ahNqOrn6Z0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

AMANDA BYNES INTERVIEW - EXCLUSIVE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOFHjIV1-LA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

ANDREW LOWE'S EXTREMELY POINTLESS CAR RIDE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIEHIxSQKFY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

APARTMENT TOUR 2017! HUGE LOFT IN NYC!  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejcHNfLB6R8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Freshman About College Parties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzJp1YsLCB0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Hypebeasts About Brands That Don’t Exist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yEo50KkUZ0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Old People About Pop Culture Slang  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHJSyhqZrQs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

ASKING STRANGERS 'FAMILY FRIENDLY QUESTIONS'  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykqeIZuemyU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Strangers About Ariana Grande
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXp-lmCPyzY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Strangers About Billie Eilish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXp0rYp8ZEc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Strangers About Corona Virus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ro7ur5OwPM8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Strangers About Fake Coachella Lineups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icHSpiaksQE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Strangers About Millennials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7B6j4838rA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Strangers About Porn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXBQGFol0D0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Strangers About Their New Year's Resolutions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XdrRY_2YzY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Strangers How They Lost Their Virginity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUD0VoNFDyo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Strangers If Hot Dogs Are a Sandwich or Not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bW9oeEZ_CdI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Strangers If I Have Big Dck Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWqQhEJnNVk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

ASKING STRANGERS REDDIT QUESTIONS (feat. Alexis G. Zall)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGGaVBHbieg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking Strangers Stoner Questions  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=povqfk7eXfI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Asking White People Where They're Really From
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxh-_fxYrAU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Attempting to Decorate Gingerbreads with Tiny Hands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgkLu29IKv4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Awkward Moments in a Nutshell...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAOrKQWO64s&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

AWKWARD TALKS WITH STRANGERS (feat. Harrison Webb)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5uVO_kgBjE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Being Honest With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqBZ2rgVeos&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Best Friends Play Truth or Dare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kouUbpu1dO0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Black-Owned Restaurant Mukbang (rants, storytimes, etc.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gI35XVPWoLE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Blacking Out at My First Wine Tasting  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgQ1CACFVp0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

BLINDFOLDED MAKEUP CHALLENGE  Chris Klemens  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_abpDf-Wkh8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

breaking into my high school at my high school reunion  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zY2igKeDHPo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Brutally Honest Review of Grammys 2021 Red Carpet (big yikes)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWvbBFGu_CA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Brutally Honest Review of Met Gala 2019 (no one is safe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXng0hdpztc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

BURNING MY EYEBROWS OFF (#AskChris #5)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etYRXqStfxo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

CALLING RANDOM PEOPLE IN STRANGERS' PHONES  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWhjXRfGXoY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Chrissy Teigen Made Us Banana Bread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6j9_UWcsKc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Christine and I Go Wig Shopping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5fbZQU8gbY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Christine Sydelko and I Ask Strangers About Sex  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3YBu4bD8yI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

CHRISTINE SYDELKO'S EXTREMELY POINTLESS CAR RIDE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XbpdjMu4wE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Cleaning Out My Closet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lisxvNEd5nQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Come With Chris to Buffer Festival 2014  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeiaBwmjJyE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Come With Chris to My Fall Break  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9VeEvyB4ek&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Come With Chris to Playlist Live 2014  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccnbRilDX5E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Come With Chris to Playlist Live 2015  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0l8buk01yc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Confessions of an Addict  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CkHkygDYzA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

CONSIDERING ANAL WITH STRANGERS (with Amy Ordman)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RosdlDHi3sg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Cooking Thanksgiving Dinner but It's Edibles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBlou3SCyZY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Decorating Our New House (watch out Mr. Kate)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0D8_jyR8RSc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

DIY'ing My Own Merch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6j-Ha3TduRk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

DOING EVERY TREND OF 2017 WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5shJDM4pUY0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Dollar Store Drag Queen Transformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCx1UON4Z04&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Driving in a Nutshell...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HpAEdnKs7Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

DRUNK ADVICE GONE WRONG!  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnlKlvLGph0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

DRUNK IN LOVE CURRENT FAVORITES  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72wsHBEXZ28&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Drunk News Network (Government Shutdown, Miley Cyrus, Breaking Bad, and more)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JGKjh90X7c&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Drunk Painting My Nike Sneakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-7CSqZUci4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Drunk Prank Calls (MESSY)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsOzGdb1DK0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Drunk Thanksgiving Leftovers Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rl6ZfYJ2bI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Drunk vs. High Trivia (with Brittany Broski)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9t4tEV43NQQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

DRUNKENLY FIGHTING A CLUB BOUNCER  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFs7wTA7GqQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

DRUNKENLY INTERVIEWING VERY DRUNK PEOPLE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGFnqGbBBHs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Dyeing a Designer Sweater a Different Color
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnBEyhx19yk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Dyeing My Hair for Halloween (trauma involved)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z9SaqXNCBI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Dyeing My Hair Leopard Print
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1COWMxgjY8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Dyeing My Hair the Louis Vuitton Pattern
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO7u0Te9uxQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Dyeing My Hair Tie Dye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFxJmeMYgZw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Dyeing My Hair Tiger Print
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_xkexC0c_k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Dyeing My Hair to Match the Sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EVvLUlG0hI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

EATING RAW EGGS FAIL  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=is8KTZ7Pomg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Ending the Internet (with Brittany Broski)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzctcvX9mI4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Exclusive Interview with Adele (with Amy Ordman and Miles McKenna)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vo9qZMhs5jc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Explaining My Tattoos (STORYTIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boxZujg2yhk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Facing My Biggest Fears Roulette
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgEzr4MUwUY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Fast Food Chains I've Never Had (TASTE TEST)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkIHrRyT46c&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Fast Food French Fry Taste Test (PART 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkGvfuzrRX8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Fast Food French Fry Taste Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xc45lY8AKlk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Fast Food I've Never Ordered Taste Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QjTQ4QEIf4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Filling the Mold of My Face (Insane Face Casting)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCkkj8JXnhk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Following a Bob Ross Tutorial (but on my iPad)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xd2DztjO4EU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Following a Bob Ross Tutorial (but ONLY the audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RzUIR1AIJg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Following Jenna Marbles Follow a Bob Ross Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRkhV_AyA-Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Footage You've Never Seen Before 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-E-GJmcWQw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Footage You've Never Seen Before 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0XOrQOhquI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Footage You've Never Seen Before 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JN81U9YxX7I&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Footage You've Never Seen Before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfpO5XU9AXQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

FREESTYLE SINGING OVER ROYALTY FREE MUSIC (caution you will get WET)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2O_SjeRsonk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

FRENCH KISSING MY GRANDMA... (feat. Carrie Rad)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mKxI3A7UVo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

getting extra messy in hawaii with christine and ashlynn (PART 2)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFi-LLDHveM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

GETTING MESSY IN HAWAII WITH CHRISTINE AND ASHLYNN (PART 1)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i20ilCSP3I&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Giving My Friend's Dog a Haircut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIxY-iosNs4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Giving My Roommate's Dog a Bubble Bath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93Hvb9LwFFw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Giving My Wigs a Spa Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_J3tQ28VXY4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Going Home and Surprising My Mom (Not Emotional AT ALL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09cTWRSUr84&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Going Through Every Old Report Card with My Mom (BRUTAL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FsxUJ9Fok0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

GOING THROUGH STRANGERS' BROWSER HISTORY  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvxXkzjrKxI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

GROWN ADULTS FAIL AT ELEMENTARY MATH TESTS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dQQxuUAN4c&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Homesick  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh1Y9OPrnmg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

HOOKING UP WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpWnuWzJ6kU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

HOW I LOST SO MUCH WEIGHT SO FAST...THE TRUTH (40 POUNDS!!)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSbHe4C5AeY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

HOW TO Avoid Bad Haircuts  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRCboD-49LQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

HOW TO BE A BAD BITCH  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNsY19RcD_Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

HOW TO Be a Stereotypical American (feat. PascaleDeBom)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I42Zabysc0w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

HOW TO GET A SUGAR DADDY  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGhDAb9GF2M&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

HOW TO GET RID OF FCKBOYS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVCzVfG9_P8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

HOW TO GET VINE FAMOUS!  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEcQQDy-Yt8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

HOW TO SURVIVE VALENTINES DAY  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9RabJHDNlc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I almost didn't make it out alive and I'm so grateful I did (please watch)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXPJyDX9L-Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I ALMOST DIED  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MY0d-PYGft8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I AM PERFORMING AT BONNAROO PRANK  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5_4K_AtdDU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

i asked my uber driver about jacking off and it got weird  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZci74Le_w8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I ATE A DOG (feat. Taylor Baxter)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xyQswD7Pzk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Ate Edibles and Tried Yoga
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sJm8AZAE6g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Ate Edibles and Watched Camp Rock 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQggatN719g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Ate Edibles and Watched CATS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PFBF7ZMhFk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Ate Edibles and Watched Twilight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV-6xNTM54Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

i ate too much of an edible on my flight home...i wish this was clickbait  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxXZ7ME-Nd4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Bought Everything from Seth Rogen's Weed Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lm3FaE34NlQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Bought Kylie Skin and Now It Hurts When I Pee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAxnSlSfnqM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Bought My Dream Car Tesla Model 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYFvOZl0elw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Can't Believe Amazon Let Me Do This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FdYFs3IX0I&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

i caught a literal ghost on camera...i need to move  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwMh5ysRCE0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

i cheated on christine...she FREAKED OUT  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3YCZBVSZ_w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Did a Full Face of Makeup on My Face Mold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REiMC5NI9mY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I DIDNT MEAN TO SAY THAT TO HIM!! (EMBARRASSING)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYsFJovLIuU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I DIDNT SMOKE WEED FOR 7 DAYS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YK7wBVzPOV8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I DONT KNOW WHAT THIS VIDEO IS TBH  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sfj_8BIKXkc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I DROVE A REALLY FAST CAR AND ALMOST HIT SOMEONE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kftavDbawtM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Drove Across America Alone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvnzj1W0g-w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Dyed My Hair Burberry Plaid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdFe5smLt_s&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I ENDED UP AT MY UBER DRIVER'S HOUSE THE NEXT MORNING (DRUNK STORYTIME)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTpu5AJuDeU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

i fell off a roof...i wish it was clickbait  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07iE4MZASSk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Found Bumps on My Genitals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJOKArK8x_w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I FOUND LOGAN PAUL'S CREDIT CARD  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHvNhX97k-g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I FOUND MY SOULMATE WHILE EATING FAST FOOD (SHTSHOW)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIUGBPFaFVc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Gave Myself Acrylic Toenails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alKMvamvr7w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Got a Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scB7AtGAJCc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Got A Girl Pregnant! (feat. Diane Kang)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0XmH0Y1hic&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

i got drunk at a $65 million mansion...oops  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHUMqPb06h4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

i got fired from my job...im spiraling  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjltMHcuu3w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

i got high and ended up at a strangers wedding...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r4TJMpnpMI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dm-4tJj-aYQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS 2  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sk2aajP-EMM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS 3  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8pCiJtC3k4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Got High and Interviewed Strangers 4  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8f7vEhNphM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Got High and Interviewed Strangers 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjIqLIy2vok&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS ABOUT THE HOLIDAYS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CpxlrRc0xA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I GOT HIGH AND MADE SHRIMP TACOS WITH FRIENDS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOWWKrtvg7Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Got High and Read Florida News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHbyPWaiiIs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I GOT HIGH AND TRIED ASMR...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dgr56VSLBnY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Got High and Tried Working Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEeriQDpY0w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I GOT HIGH AND USED AWFUL PICKUP LINES ON STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsY73Z25rVw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

i got laser hair removal...new asshole who dis  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eJfThUbnzA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I GOT THE IPHONE 6 PLUS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USa6nb9nsxw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Got Vaccinated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5W9KxGxDqCk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I HAD A THREESOME IN 2015  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgLdZ0z5GoI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Have a New Roommate...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cC5zXB7x5A&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I HAVE A SEXTAPE! (+ ContestGiveaway!)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4T1h1JSsdck&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Hit One Million Subscribers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEPiYNvEQ2k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Interviewed a 2020 Presidential Candidate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bP7EdBiCeaQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I INTERVIEWED DONALD TRUMP  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5Icw_VBFRc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I INTERVIEWED STRANGERS FROM MY HOMETOWN IN DELAWARE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hx0OQjhB3G8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

i kissed a lizard and i did some crying too...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Id7jtNEDWVc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Let a Stranger Buy Me Whatever They Wanted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ID9OfX4qpRk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Let Claudia Sulewski Dye My Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSu4UiqeXDc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Let My Followers Pick My Hair Color
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmGhdOu0SOU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Let My Postmate Pick Our Food Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLTZ0IWeVog&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Let My Twitter Followers Decide My Entire Day...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evUHDI-pqGg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made a Giant Vegan Ravioli
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nleSsLZTEcY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made a Mold of My Face (RIP Eyebrows)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ega51e2cHsY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made a Mold of My Hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdefDfDVeGY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made a Vegan Crunchwrap Supreme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fabwdmldQG0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made Buddy the Elf's Spaghetti and Tried It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVVWy5oF7Ys&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made Everything Bagel Ice Cream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cir4Jlpnm9s&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made Food I Saw on TikTok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h766_JpdqLk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made Giant Pancakes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCY6-KoeoqI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made More Food I Saw on TikTok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7x0qYDqpbZg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made Platform Nike Air Force 1's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlQoqqh8PGc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made Rollerblades Out of Hot Wheels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VaSLc98UNY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made the $5,000 Crystal Nikes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzYKNhj8co4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Made Vegan Hot Pockets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Q_I9HFUm4k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I MESSED WITH TEXAS AND THE PEOPLE ARE CRAZY  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjRkDvllm3c&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

i moved again and you'll never believe what showed up at my door  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIbAwDXM1qE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Only Interviewed Kids...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeEchDsmnvI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Paid for Trisha Paytas' Patreon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmAsahMHuf8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Played What's In the Box (with Carly and Erin)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ6CdvCxgMI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Rented Out a Wig Shop and Spent $1,200
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSJH10MNmCY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Spent $100.81 at Goodwill and Tried It All On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQ8IUA279z0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Spent $129 at Goodwill and Tried It All On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ro5QGY1Al5M&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Spent $147.31 on Plants and I Don't Know Why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2z54sDntow&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Spent $388.45 Thrifting in San Francisco and This is What I Got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9sl49ZwMSc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Spent $71.90 at Goodwill and Tried It All On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMdHL6tm_dA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Spent $88.15 at Goodwill and Tried It All On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtHiJJBhgKw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I SPENT 25 HOURS ON AN AIRPLANE SURROUNDED BY CRYING KIDS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKAqJmRBAAs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I STOLE A STRANGER'S PUPPY  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGwHGIclWn8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Tested Positive for Coronavirus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DpZ-Y4Tnj8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Took My Dog on a Shopping Spree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjQmuSgIsIA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Tried Making Pancake Art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9cAkUoC5s4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Tried Making That IKEA Bucket Hat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1A136ChNbE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Tried Making That Viral Cloud Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIptSmGnj_M&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Tried Making the Bendy Candles from TikTok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKI2LFhl7pw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Tried the TikTok Dog Painting Trend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylg37D3D3j8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Tried Those Earwax Candles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP5tm6SP464&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Tried Vlogmas and This is What Happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYN04JMWkr0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Turned My Head Into a Pumpkin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a9dBGKoLcU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I WANT THE D PRANK  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WxqrPOr3Z0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I WANT TO PUNCH A FEMINIST  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBUBeGys7mw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I WAS KICKED IN THE BALLS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Koz7cP8lU8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Was Verbally Assaulted While Voting (STORYTIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYBtLgVh8Jk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Wasn't Going to Post but I Need To
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ucfVKa5aZY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I WENT ON A SAFARI IN AFRICA AND STOOD FEET AWAY FROM A CHEETAH  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKUN-uLeP9M&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Went on Omegle and This is What Happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ls1f6eWdSew&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Went to a Hypebeast Convention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3Lmv5WYZaA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Went to a Thrifting Festival
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKsln1zQZ3Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I Went to Tana Mongeau and Jake Paul's Wedding (FULL FIGHT)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD9Krt5KEy8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I'M A GAMER NOW AND I'M TERRIBLE (GTA 5 FAIL)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lahe39CxG1k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I'M BECOMING SAM PEPPER  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiFzhYspanc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I'm Done With This  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8e9Cl_rcdRQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I'm Just Done
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRNnsfj5ZFA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I'M SO FAMOUS NOW  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms_MZ3OfbYM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

i'm trying to be brave...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YD-frVhqVpg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

I'm Vlogging Again (so much dysfunction)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cDo_VHq88A&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

im a stripper now and i dont care who sees...kinda  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERHZiYfHbTo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

INTERVIEWING CHARLI XCX  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVuJ2Pdm4IM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

INTERVIEWING DRUNK SANTA  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWrmLaNywng&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

INTERVIEWING DRUNK STRANGERS (with OrinsEyes)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTjPInHFpl0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Interviewing Instabaddies at the Famous Pink Wall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6Ve4oIxvkg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Interviewing Jake Paul's Neighbors  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0214qYnzBE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

INTERVIEWING STRANGERS AT COMIC CON  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWJWondyIMo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Interviewing Strangers on Xbox Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VH0SiNp_XI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Interviewing Very Drunk People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Sj1w4qcSGU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

it's official.  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBjmr1GCBu0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

JUSTIN BIEBER NUDES (feat. Joey Kidney)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dFV-yLzKTs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

KISSING STRANGERS DRUNK (feat. Catrific)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmTQFpIowZ0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Leaving LA (for very caucasian reasons)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xV5ZtCPVEA0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Leaving YouTube for Vimeo (#AskChris #3)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzGor0hzcvU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Letting Strangers Ask Me Anything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7T0yDQ0jCIU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Listen Up, YouTube (RE Sam Pepper, VeeOneEye, and Sexual Harassment)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaQzEVLNdx4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Making a Pair of $850 Platform Crocs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyHpJBTdRjw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Making Christmas Cookie Edibles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U42Vhys8r8k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Making College Students Compete for an iPhone 11 Pro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiMnS4XAElU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Making My Own Balenciaga Shoes (the ones that look like socks)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9s3-peqUdOQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Making That Awful Viral Twitter DIY Flip Flop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNpMI0MTGEM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Making the TikTok Chipotle Crunchwrap Supreme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsp404cuPy0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

me being scared for 6 minutes straight  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_wCyATsf-A&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Me Drunk vs. Me High
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcqWZPmYXgM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Mental Health Update (back on meds)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBL074uMcSM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Messy Q&A Mukbang (past breakups, tea, etc)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Na5QVSZRSjc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Middle Kid Update (what's really been going on)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvGet32hwIc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

MOANING AT STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLjeeak1W6k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

More of My Worst Celebrity Encounters (STORY TIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xalNwzKxaVU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Most Likely To Roommates Edition (with Christine Sydelko & Andrew Lowe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge7vI_1eqo8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

MOST LIKELY TO WITH MY ROOMMATES!! (NO BOUNDARIES)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyuS1MspFkk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Moving Back to NYC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3keQpYcOTsE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Moving Into My New House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hGpmfA9FI4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

MY $200 MASSAGE GONE WRONG (STORYTIME)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eDs_ZV6WXA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My 10,000 Calorie Birthday Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEV8O8STFbg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My 26th Birthday Trip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz0G_sC7wwM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My 72 Hour Bender in NYC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DK8bH5MIOhw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Apartment Tour  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J4Yg4l_nrU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Biggest Regret...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efG2Jx8s3IA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

my birthday got out of control.... (UNREAL!!)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TinjqCCfxcc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Coronavirus Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZwtCQ02nlk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

MY DRUNK ROOMMATE 1  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D8G1xIHHAw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

MY DRUNK ROOMMATE PUKES WATCHING BEYONCE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmIhUFDX090&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

MY FCKED UP CHILDHOOD (feat. Mama Klemens)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XH_YnAyFj3E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My First (and Possibly Last) Episode
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwZzIIsTXU0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My First Coachella Storytime (celebrity threats, drugs, and more)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HojxLjSDA9I&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My First Encounter with the Police
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esNlCAGMxdo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My First Time Doing Shrooms (STORY TIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2YYIuAFAIA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My First Time Getting My Ears Pierced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rf2Xn0UEiB0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My First Week with Booger (EMOTIONAL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7QJohA9wxI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My FIRST YouTube Video - My First Semester of College!  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98ZJZPUifp0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My High Thoughts  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uo4K88OQQzI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Last Video  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqpsJIxcI4Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

MY MESSAGE TO THE WORLD (#AskChris #4)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXd4XvdW5-Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Mom Dyed My Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZmTb7KzM94&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Mom's $5,000 Gift (EMOTIONAL BUT NOT DAVID DOBRIK EMOTIONAL!!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-4yF0qz-o0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

MY MOM'S EXTREMELY POINTLESS CAR RIDE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMJ2i936_sU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Pit Bull Tries Fruits And Vegetables
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oR2_ikNAQ_A&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

my road rage is BAD...im so embarrassed  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaNXCGn_mys&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

MY SKINCARE ROUTINE FOR PERFECT SKIN + GIVEAWAY  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Spz4UyOMC50&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Soft-Core Mental Breakdown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aopTLcDmTCU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Special Valentine  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oT3aVCBj1yM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Valentine's Day Bender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGqi4JuKWHk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Worst Celebrity Encounters (STORY TIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80KECMHQAio&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Year On YouTube 2013  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isVtCPEojx0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

My Year On YouTube 2014  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbYhvEoAXic&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

New Year's Resolutions in a Nutshell...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=art2MSnQL10&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

NYC REACTS TO CAITLYN JENNER  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYm_wsuSnZ8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

NYC REACTS TO ZAYN MALIK LEAVING ONE DIRECTION  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4gNbIBuHt8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Off My Meds and On Republican Twitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPlnMOZiVnE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

On the Street and Off My Meds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8mFeQT_s6s&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

ONE BIG THANKSGIVING MESS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rku9NgZNIUE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

One Direction Calling Their Fans Prank (Part 3)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTXsfCg8YuM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

One Direction Calls Fans Prank (Part 1)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWYK6yJyOjI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

One Direction Calls Fans Prank (Part 2)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTHoc-bDsvg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

One Wish  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kI2UIPiFVYc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Only Food Left at My Grocery Store Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwHPr5X0PqE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Opening Up  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OafFE2Z8yII&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Our New House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QShRUZ3hsWM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

PARTYING WITH MILEY CYRUS (#AskChris #1)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm6whBJgszY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

People Watching in New York (Part 1)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sShMPKOo4_E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

People Watching in New York (Part 2)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txjxAeV_gTc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

People Watching in New York (Part 3)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHJge1dtY7Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

People Watching in New York (Part 4)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkuHk16mGjs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Playing Among Us for the First Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJU8cIpzg58&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

POOPING IN A BAG (#AskChris #2)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4J07Avs7fw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Prank Call Roulette with Andrew Lowe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh2GKMRagT8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Prank Calling Basic LA Hotspots as Instabaddies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieEcHHeEpTU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Prank Calling in Sick From Jobs I Don't Have (with Andrew Lowe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfNz3f6Ticc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Prank Calling Random Numbers We Dialed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsU8fQ9VAas&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Prank Calling Weird Craigslist Ads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4scvM2Smdc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Procrastination in a Nutshell...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKQ4MEs-MWo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Public Puking Prank  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dziLnK6QsrM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Public Puking Prank (Part 2)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjiEgtZCT8o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Ranking Celebrities I've Met
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABDi8SIKagM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Ranking Company's Pride 2021 Clothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Re-CAV-Ts34&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Ranking My Lookalikes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCkvvC7bPJU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Ranking My Old Outfits (Tier List)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geJSo__pPFw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

REACTING TO 2 GIRLS 1 CUP WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRq8HMn907I&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

REACTING TO CRINGEY INSTAGRAM COUPLES WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKp5Ml3vyeE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

REACTING TO EMBARRASSING PHOTOS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDYwxboXKWk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

REACTING TO MEAN COMMENTS WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeixwIVxBVo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

REACTING TO MEAN COMMENTS WITH STRANGERS 2  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWOksR1pCPE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Reacting to Trisha Paytas' Video About Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uizO8PEJIk4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

REAL LIFE FCK, MARRY, KILL WITH STRANGERS (with Amy Ordman and Alexis G Zall)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HT0uU2MEssk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Really Awkward Prank Calls (with Andrew Lowe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyLhGBjXEN4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

REALLY DUMB $2,500+ LUXURY CLOTHING & WEED HAUL  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pylCwRiWTQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

RECREATING MY FRIENDS' INSTAGRAMS WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OPHviW61mw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

recreating yoga mannequin poses in public with strangers  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xV8uHMrJs90&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Replacing Emma Chamberlain...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlAWqyNBo8o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Revealing Your Secrets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfOpg72ZfyA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Roasting Celebrity Quarantine Outfits (BRUTALLY HONEST)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ow8SJwocs8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Roasting Outfits from the 2020 AMA's Red Carpet (YIKES)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKS6qmdGVz4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

ROASTING WHITE SUPREMACISTS WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z2HmZWt11s&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Roasting YouTuber Getty Photos with HauteLeMode (BRUTALLY HONEST)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVvKiFVrlZ4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Roommates Play Truth or Drink (very messy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jriwfShPLtM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Roommates Shop at Goodwill for Each Other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-NcNcztOIA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

SEDUCING STRANGERS (feat. Pierson Oglesby)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb2RBC-brpM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Seeing If Strangers Notice I'm Wearing a Wig
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mcpldz9pwPc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

SEX STORIES WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfbthsb0_IU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

SEX STORIES WITH STRANGERS 2  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpG-V9jfwD8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Smoke and Storytime The Photoshoot from Hell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TV0sf1sEdtE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Smoking with Strangers on 420
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwwS3QaADY4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

so i got a little work done... (please dont be mad)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAi-Dp5hgI0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

SPENDING $4,134 AT THE NYC KYLIE JENNER SHOP  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vlAjtlBQ3Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Spring Break in a Nutshell...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QP8AFfPgAAA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Stories from Living in NYC (STORYTIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spq7hS3VAGY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS BRUTALLY ROAST OUR INSTAGRAMS (feat. Andrew Lowe)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frUyICPvRZ8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS DO OUR MAKEUP (feat. Nikki Phillippi)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXEbSw_CSj4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS GIVE THE TALK 2... (feat. Ben J. Pierce)   Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyo-2cXp1mk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS GIVE THE TALK... (feat. Alexis G. Zall)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbqYZk8fqWA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers Guess How Much My Outfit Costs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Abrfr2TyyJk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers Guess If I’m High or Not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUV2_rrLfcI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers Guess My Age
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O76HKKOOOY0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers Guess Which YouTubers Have Filler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Irha_lxpgDs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers in NYC Ask Me Anything...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7Z8J24pLhA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS INTERPRET KANYE WEST LYRICS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lUtzM352HY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS INTERPRET POPULAR SONG LYRICS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rIfXw9u0xU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS INTERPRET SONG LYRICS COACHELLA EDITION (feat. Hayley Williams)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxJZfSfwR7k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS PLAY POKEMON GO FOR FIRST TIME  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5evOs10w8XA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO 'LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DO' BY TAYLOR SWIFT  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyTBq2NbLug&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO 'SIGN OF THE TIMES' BY HARRY STYLES  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iWK-uYSczE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO BEYONCE'S TWINS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zr_goYOS7t0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers React to Election Results  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxhdND3J0o4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO FCKBOY MUSICAL.LYS (feat. Andrew Lowe)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOIJt3Vaa84&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO IPHONE 7 & 7 PLUS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeOhYw5RHtI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers React to Jeffree Star
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QnB1TFFTZA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO JUSTIN BIEBER NUDES...AGAIN  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ-si_-ARy4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO KANYE WEST 'FAMOUS' MUSIC VIDEO  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6TY68Mg3HI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO KYLIE JENNER'S PREGNANCY  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vg0IBSoPUFE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO LEMONADE BY BEYONCE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fH_X6wL3vWo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO MY NUDES...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xDsUDf_F1E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO NEW MANDELA EFFECTS live footage  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3mc52h5syI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO NEW MUSIC (POST MALONE, 5SOS, + MORE)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xl8Jso5tMkY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO OUR NUDES (feat. Lena the Plug)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWLmVJo32bA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO PILLOWTALK BY ZAYN (feat. Christian Leave)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtV4DpN6Xb8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers React to Victoria's Secret Fashion Show (feat. AmandasChronicles)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-6-zyRwUXU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO YOUTUBERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GobZiXpfjtY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO YOUTUBERS 2  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTjrWkX7mfQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO YOUTUBERS 3  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSWotOvox_A&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS REACT TO YOUTUBERS 4  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUMHL85OYOw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers React to Yummy by Justin Bieber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DapvbosHtF4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS READ MY HATE COMMENTS 4  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8H4w-lyL6E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers Read My Hate Comments from Jake Paulers  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xD2pRAeeX2k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS READ MY SEXUAL COMMENTS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeLfQMLf1gg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS READ MY SEXUAL COMMENTS...AGAIN  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKiKgM0cTaM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS READ MY SEXUAL COMMENTS...yet again  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcD_rRhZxMo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS ROAST MY INSTAGRAM  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLcFnLPt8ys&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS SHAVE MY HEAD Live Footage  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTFtJGlEUKs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS SMASH OR PASS ME LIVE FOOTAGE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbhiM_dvL2c&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS TALKING SHT ABOUT 2016  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjtssaCId98&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS TALKING SHT ABOUT 2017  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJLtw8tvdfA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS TRY SNAPCHAT FILTERS FOR THE FIRST TIME  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOa6LxrZL5E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

STRANGERS TURN ME INTO PENNYWISE THE CLOWN FROM IT  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDrb9vPKlXg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers Watch Laura Lee's Apology and Laugh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ar1X9VkDcE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers Watch Lele Pons for the First Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93weUPq4eE8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Strangers Watch My First Video and DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS ME  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k63u4HWLISU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Summer Break in a Nutshell...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTfhT_CXNS8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

TAKING OVER STRANGERS' PHONES (not clickbait)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsyKaixoOPg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Taking Your Photoshop Requests
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcbUQ9rVatU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

TALKING GIBBERISH TO STRANGERS (feat. Christine Sydelko)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDSuKW4z9Lo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Talking to Strangers in Sexual Innuendos  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N60xQfBPwyU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

TALKING TO STRANGERS IN SONG LYRICS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOXl9c0QEXM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Talking to Strangers Using Cringy Noah Centineo Tweets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qip7epqj6uA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

TALKING TO STRANGERS USING KANYE WEST TWEETS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDnPiWtSAyo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Talking to Strangers Using Weird Voices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIm-Z9TBzmY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Talking to Strangers Wearing Tiny Hands  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JG_4AhLNZ0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

TALKING TO STRANGERS WITH HARRY STYLES LYRICS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpUXK2zWY54&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

TEACHING STRANGERS GAY SLANG (feat. Ryan Charch)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF1y3rqJAaI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Amy Ordman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mv8hnU5yNZU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Andrew Lowe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0EYZtqfeuw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Carly and Erin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IxvYoHM-E8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Claudia Sulewski
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRYxmSFdTpk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Elle Mills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSUWX_sdx-g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Lexie Lombard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVsu8qlKlAg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Matt King
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaKq4d0tfjA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Shannon Beveridge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQXNQurvUVA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Tana Mongeau
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPDzhGFybZA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Tina Woods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xb7o0Ej2CLY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

That One Friend  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-aNzgpFq-o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

THE (EXISTENTIAL) EMOJI CHALLENGE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7Q6d20WFT0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

the @ pack is here...did y'all hear team 10 just shake  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-ftHHhcx9w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

The Anti-Maskers of Florida
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTDmICXO_EE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

The Bad Listener  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=humfZQI4JU8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

The Best Present Ever  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPBC4boV23g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

THE BIG BOOBIES PRANK  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3pyW6dS67w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

The Day Has Come...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERCM6nOCmcw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

THE DYSFUNCTION THAT IS MY CHANNEL  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b6rPwqyiio&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

THE GOVERNMENT CAN HEAR EVERYTHING BUT OUR CRIES FOR HELP  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YA90Ft4XQqY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

THE MOST OFFENSIVE HALLOWEEN COSTUME  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ7JFINCrGE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

The Only Back to School Necessities You Need  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vy-EvSZUL4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

The Proposing Prank  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHtV_A8fvJ4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

The Public Falling Prank  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDoTDJTKOlM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

The Real Me  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iEf0JjXgAc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

THE SECRET TO MAKING A LOT OF MONEY  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMHIPVLj_pk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

The Truth About Being a YouTuber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i6_sK49oDo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

The Truth About My Videos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGXC8einU9k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

The Ultimate Mukbang with Trisha Paytas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfyKM996ylQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

THE WORST ADVICE EVER  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vY3tOnHJu3U&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Things I Bought Because of TikTok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKUb4Lj7a0E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Things I Bought High
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGcOlcek9jA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Things I Bought in My Mental Breakdown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-e0mEV2fd9A&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Things I Bought on a Post-Quarantine Shopping Spree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zwf96bDF2o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Things I Forgot I Bought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8koU-c4CY4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Things I Think About in the Bathtub
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yJKsS9d44o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Things I've Never Bought from Trader Joes Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHsPJR4v2Qg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

This Woman Appeared in the Woods (OMG!!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVOEXdwuEN0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

To Our Daughter  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Rx6tbbrZr4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Truth or Drink with My Mom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09iDLl_o3hM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Trying Every Hot Sauce at My Grocery Store
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLC0AQ2RnK8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Trying Sushi for the First Time with Elle Mills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mG02CWLhkHc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Trying to Do Basic Things with Acrylic Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCkZmpOGWec&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Trying Weird Viral TikTok Food Hacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcRq_XPNB6o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Turning My Head Into the Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEUWcuJx92g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Twerking in Public - 5K Subscribers  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhozbTEDUWs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

U.S. History With Strangers (feat. TooTurntTina)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GUvY3KhADw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Uncomfortable Would You Rather (feat. Justin Escalona)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w58y2i-a2Ao&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Unleashing Our Inner Girlboss (with Luke Meagher)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQHN7bm0Np8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

UNSEEN FOOTAGE & BLOOPERS THAT NO ONE ASKED FOR  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YX_nYOTfM2s&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Vegan Fast Food Taste Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5PiAfK2JGE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Vegan vs. Non-Vegan Cooking Taste Test (with my mom)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBA9zLLeXCU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Videos I've Never Posted Before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndWa-9iCabQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Watch More of My Favorite TikToks With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMFKX1QNcmU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0icNSjb1g80&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHmpAcc91k4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yWb_NKuthM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Watching TikTok for the First Time...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTbdgk0RXdY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

WATCHING WEIRD PORN WITH STRANGERS (feat. Ayydubs)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lowW4uElroY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

We Can't Stop New Yorkers  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhbYwrJibUY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

We Prank Called Our Followers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APvUaGCkTsY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

we tried posing like the human centipede at medieval times...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck629cL8ud8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

we watched our friend’s threesome...and kinda liked it  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vN9VCOc9Ro&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

We're Moving Again  House Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4u6O8ZktYA4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

WEIRD AMERICAN WOULD YOU RATHER  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD_nqdFZ2Mo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

WELCOME TO MY CHANNEL  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbNFBQ4DE14&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

What Do You Want To Do Before You Die (My Bucket List)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtR7d4dJJfg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

What Guys Look For In Girls (feat. Kevin Droniak & Aaron Idelson)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRMw2hzYdBI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

What I Eat In a Day Quarantine Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Plkq-KHlBv4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

What My Hometown is Really Like (STORYTIMES)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhR0kretrkQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

what REALLY happens at playlist live....  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jzvZqBKyh0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

What Strangers REALLY Think of Stoners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqWikSSpIlo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

What Strangers Will Do for Two Dollars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRdlV0xlPps&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

WHO SAID IT TRUMP OR A SUPERVILLAIN (feat. Orion Carloto)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cy2VahYR3R0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Why I Will Never Be Invited Back to Vidcon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnaQr-Bq88A&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Why I Won't Be Attending TanaCon 2019 A Vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNzhWCIIfe0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

WHY NO ONE SHOULD GO TO TIMES SQUARE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDzXd2-4Rsw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

WHY ONE DIRECTION BROKE UP (feat. Tyde Levi)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOPdDEfo1r0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE PRANK  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceXT8zJE7ys&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

Your Daily Reminder (feat. Joey Kidney)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ET4MwfatVWw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

YOUR ST TOGETHER - INFOMERCIAL  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3GFx6pjeLs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

YouTube Collabs in a Nutshell... (feat. Pascale De Bom)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LYBje7oOas&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

YouTuber Impressions Challenge (with FransFlogs)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esr1IMChiEw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD

YouTubers Are Humans Too  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Akc7dnBCKmw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSK0gsA9LXhASqbmDh2LvQD
RECENT UPLOADS  Chris Klemens