
1.  11 Shirts For Marbles' 11th Birthday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdgKtzL3RQE&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

2.  2 Week Bunny Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YlYpmZTcvs&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

3.  Bunny's First Bath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_2vWZKcxOI&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

4.  Buying My Dogs Everything They Touch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfxoHNtXpZk&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

5.  Can Marbles Stand On His Hind Legs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bs1jHoDh5WY&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

6.  Cutting Soap For My Dog While He Wears A Turtleneck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3vtCx5CBaI&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

7.  Doing An Easter Egg Hunt For My Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDckQiE-fUg&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

8.  Giving My Dogs A Bath While They Listen To Royalty Free Spa Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTbXOIpIT44&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

9.  I Filmed My Dog Whenever He Cried Or Was Nasty For 24 Hours.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf0Mi3kWKhY&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

10.  I Let My Dogs Walk Me For A Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ew1JYegKF7s&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

11.  I Made A Train For My Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZAgIPqD_D0&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

12.  I'm Dog Stairs For Halloween.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJXy3Aya8H4&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

13.  Making A Tiny Living Room For My Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEx1wcbBvdg&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

14.  Making An Advent Calendar For My Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjMK0YY93Os&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

15.  Making My Dog A Bed Out Of Soap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3it6WSL15A&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

16.  Making My Dogs Homemade Dog Treats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92ZU3IcYEIE&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

17.  Meet Bunny Our Rescue Greyhound.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nA1QKpKuSd4&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

18.  Mr. Marbles Is Toothless.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYq6187AjBU&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

19.  My Dog Reviews Soap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouj_on9MxcQ&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

20.  My Dogs Eat Pupsicles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6exhT930Ag4&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

21.  My Dogs Eating Peanut Butter For 3 Minutes Straight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csQHg3YLwrI&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

22.  My Dogs Eating Popcorn ASMR.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYxzLGk2NcY&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

23.  My Dogs Meet A Cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtlLI_pBC3s&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

24.  My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVikUbTnUqU&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

25.  My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKbGs4eKFw8&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

26.  My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wRgNPdU7fQ&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

27.  My Dogs' Wedding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gML71RXkMNE&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

28.  My Greyhound Tries Fruits And Vegetables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbMv0eYXxG4&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

29.  Reading Mean Comments About My Dogs 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPpBz9x6a6I&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

30.  Reading Mean Comments About My Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRbHTeAcJLQ&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

31.  Taking My Dog To Meet Santa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp2rFoZ3GN8&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

32.  Taking Our Greyhound To The Beach For The First Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4R6uNXAw9tM&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

33.  Teaching My Dogs How To Swim.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olONgK_CxG4&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

34.  Throwing My Dogs A Pool Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mO7yKkq5HkE&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

35.  Transforming Myself Into My Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ag6Xj26WBf8&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

36.  Treating My Dogs Like Babies For A Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fvv83jYh8pA&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

37.  Trying To Get My Chihuahua To Sit For 20 Minutes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7RmUKm9PCA&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K

38.  Who's Smarter Chihuahua Vs. Hamster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44OxwxcclI8&list=PLfO2kc0hX8V8u1riWCp1GOeBPY7uvus6K
Dog Videos