
Big Brother And The Holding Company - Piece Of My Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNqb-2O-qPc&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Canned Heat - Going Up The Country (1969) 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYRgZWg0zXo&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Canned Heat - On The Road Again [HQ]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRKNw477onU&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Crazy World of Arthur Brown - Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLG1ys2CGcI&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Cream - Sunshine Of Your Love (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt51rITH3EA&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Deep Purple - Hush
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1PNvopXjbg&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Eric Burdon & The Animals - When I Was Young (1967) ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur30bn_3G58&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

IRON BUTTERFLY - IN A GADDA DA VIDA - 1968 (ORIGINAL FULL VERSION) CD SOUND & 3D VIDEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIVe-rZBcm4&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Jefferson Airplane -White Rabbit-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WANNqr-vcx0&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Max Frost And The Troopers The Shape Of Things To Come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEqWCH_4srU&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

People - I LOVE YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xO5rKF2w_ro&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

San Franciscan Nights Eric Burdon & The Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWb5YQPlAJc&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

somebody to love-jefferson airplane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUbMWtUyIIE&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Steppenwolf - Born To Be Wild
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMbATaj7Il8&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Steppenwolf - Magic Carpet Ride 1968 HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4WiyxXpyZc&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

STEPPENWOLF - Rock Me (1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymhHVo39CVA&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Strawberry Alarm Clock - Incense and Peppermints
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RghL1rViX34&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Strawberry Alarm Clock Tomorrow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJ9jyKbsL7A&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

Strawberry Fields Forever -  Restored HD Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UQK-UcRezE&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Amboy Dukes - Journey to the Center of the Mind (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_onagRhKN5E&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Beatles - A Day In The Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usNsCeOV4GM&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Blues MaGoos - We Ain't Got Nothin' Yet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jNXRr2aINw&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Byrds- Eight Miles High (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J74ttSR8lEg&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Cowsills - Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3qhle8Oy9s&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Doors - Hello, I Love You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8f1z-nHvt3c&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Doors - Love Me Two Times (Video Clip)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfZgGR9ijgU&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Doors - People Are Strange
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJY8jJkDoMY&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Electric Prunes   I Had Too Much To Dream Last Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-kVFfKezVo&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Illusion - Did You See Her Eyes - [STEREO - Long Version]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gf74bw3X7MY&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Jimi Hendrix Experience - All Along The Watchtower (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLV4_xaYynY&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Music Machine - Talk Talk (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OhY4ipNbPY&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Rugbys - You, I (1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsy1O4VcuNg&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

THE SEEDS -PUSHIN'TOO HARD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IReb27tFqMg&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9

The Yardbirds - Shapes of Things (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOc-_GpfF1w&list=PLmMqBy_C2y30RB0DPbxpkwN4ICty59Tf9
Top 50 Greatest 60s Classic Psychedelic Songs of All Time