
1.  Building the Hamster Kitchen  Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64jaQNvPGBM

2.  Butterscotch taking treats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHa7eQAKvGQ

3.  Cage Tour ?? Vanilla's new home!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XU03Tp8KcMs

4.  Candy Apples ?? HAMSTER KITCHEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fbmbj_JDrKc

5.  Choco Bananas ?? HAMSTER KITCHEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpnlaIG6iBM

6.  Christmas Hamster Mail Unboxing ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjNYeq66t9s

7.  Christmas Pudding ?? HAMSTER KITCHEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKx6ordS6zU

8.  Claw Filing Tunnel ?HAMSTER DIY?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eawRupSbuNs

9.  Cute hamster drinking water from bottle  (? • e • ? ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5j9I1rsNxw8

10.  Digging Tower ?HAMSTER DIY?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPbyksbwR_k

11.  DIY Ikea Linnmon Hamster Cage ?? 877 sq ins for the same price as a pet store cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ocdcl-82ybE

12.  DIY miniature fridge and oven  Building the Hamster Kitchen  Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oX8246K4_qQ

13.  DIY miniature microwave  Building the Hamster Kitchen  Part 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M44q1jiI2Ao

14.  DIY miniature sink  Building the Hamster Kitchen  Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4npwpAOQ_g

15.  Free Roaming Hamster (running super fast!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qd5F9nPleGI

16.  Funny hamster running and stopping in wheel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Prq0bohFtk

17.  Goodbye, Vanilla ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj4d-w3bwjg

18.  Hamster doesn't want to go back in his cage ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wewXKUSqZw

19.  Hamster Eating a Carrot [Slow Motion].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdqfa_zY62E

20.  Hamster Eating an Apple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqRZnRigVaw

21.  Hamster eating chocolate cake (50,000 Subscriber Special! ??).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLV9OZZlNxA

22.  Hamster Eating Edamame Beans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr0uf_z-pPU

23.  Hamster Eating in a Pocket [Slow Motion].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7kAnQ8XJCY

24.  Hamster in a cupcake taking food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZWdx6OUsZY

25.  Hamster life in slow motion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7I6UgYzltjQ

26.  Hamster Mail Unboxing ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBZOU1aCu8g

27.  Hello, Butterscotch! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uePe5gcXEs

28.  Inside Vanilla's Nest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIRIzL6ttj8

29.  Lap Ham (relaxing video ????).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqYGzgJTfjU

30.  New Hamster Explores his Surroundings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qa_im7k4LwA

31.  Nibble Nibble.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbxuR7Vx-Bs

32.  Num Num.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pR5DdueQvMs

33.  Opening a Hamster Hamper! ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZTBYIrPRL8

34.  Popsicle Stick Furniture (with working doors!) ?HAMSTER DIY?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyPGGOg87Qs

35.  Popsicle Stick House ?HAMSTER DIY?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NuCIlX34z4

36.  Relaxing Hamster Stroking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX2KZD2Mgaw

37.  Super Simple Cardboard Nestbox ?HAMSTER DIY?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6koO9ITLlXU

38.  Tiny Hamster in his Tiny Kitchen I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6Z5XpJ_IHM

39.  Tiny Hamster in his Tiny Kitchen II.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lnz3UtsjBf8

40.  Vanilla being cute.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6dbwxArAzE

41.  Vanilla's Christmas Gift ?? Hamster Box ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JA8MC9Nao0A

42.  Vanilla's new cage (April fools! ??).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wc6tqCdIa64

43.  Vanilla's Valentine's Day Surprise ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jae7fNZTc1s

44.  Vanilla, the cutest hamster ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKvK1EKDJcg

45.  ?? Rainbow Slushie  HAMSTER KITCHEN ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fn0qRZ6E4RM

46.  ?? Sleepy Ham (-?-) zzZ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TC-g9db5sVQ

47.  ?? Chicken and Vegetable Skewers  HAMSTER KITCHEN ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hET4xu635ug

48.  ?? Ice Cream Truck Hideout ?? HAMSTER DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfhhmcCDWy8

49.  ?? Hamster-Safe Chocolate Cake  HAMSTER KITCHEN ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXG6YzTY80g

50.  ?? Hamster in a Gingerbread House ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWcAUvYItqE

51.  ?? Cardboard Gingerbread House  HAMSTER DIY ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkpKgWRFitE

52.  ?? Birthday Cake  HAMSTER KITCHEN ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njBOrgcEVgY

53.  ?? Vanilla's 2nd Birthday Party ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZz_jH8R8jI

54.  ?? How to carve a cute pet pumpkin! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBLQgJ7VecM

55.  ?? Pumpkin Pie  HAMSTER KITCHEN ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Br-H5SF5NI

56.  ?? Vanilla's 1st Birthday party ?? Cake eating, present opening and more!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fUKYd4hamUk

57.  ?? Stripey Halloween Snake Tunnels   HAMSTER DIY ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MreUefYiSEs

58.  ?? Easter Eggs ?? Hamster Kitchen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiGWnev8Hes

59.  ?? Custom Hamster Cage Lid  HAMSTER DIY ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvQPTvrqOwE

60.  ?? Ham Ham Night Cam ?? Stream Highlights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITOXKl9_IXs

61.  ?? Hamster eats a pumpkin pie ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkxjNZComZg

62.  ?? Hamster eats a rainbow slushie ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMbBgkbEXy0

63.  ?? Hamster Name Ideas for Every Kind of Hamster ?? (Over 300 names!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uo36L-tG7jo

64.  ?? How to Potty Train Your Hamster ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRhsQhFK-1E

65.  ?? How to tame your hamster ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcXfgbkIhVM

66.  ?? What size does my hamster cage need to be ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOqlQB3IwHk

67.  ?? Which cages are best for hamsters ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqs1C6DuOxk

68.  ?? Sand Pit  HAMSTER DIY ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KL83yAZq6kg

69.  ?? Halloween Cage Decorations  HAMSTER DIY ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufFZXOD_dZE

70.  ?? Strawberry Choco Hearts  HAMSTER KITCHEN ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibJNSRTkKlA

71.  ?? Valentine's Strawberry Heart Tart  HAMSTER KITCHEN ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmdI6C8Xh7I

72.  ?? Vanilla's Valentine's Meal ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tfb5oE5qioY

73.  ?? Underground Hamster Hideout  HAMSTER DIY ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QVn-1sTwDE

74.  ?? Ham-o-ween Cage Tour ?? Halloween cage theme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovkeeQ1W6YU

75.  ?? HAMSTER VS STAIRS ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdh9tNmgsVM

76.  ?? Cucumber Sundae  HAMSTER KITCHEN ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIslKi2SgJE

77.  ?? Carrot Cake  HAMSTER KITCHEN ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyli-7dRGB0

78.  ?? Carrot Treat Rollers  HAMSTER DIY ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6eYwmIXP3w

79.  ?? Easter Egg Treat Rollers  HAMSTER DIY ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhmQhwEaxT0

80.  ?? Pancakes  HAMSTER KITCHEN ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSEPHq_7pHc

81.  ?? Vanilla in a coconut ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2D9kujoyzI
VanillaHamHam - Videos