
1.  (Today I Met) The Boy I'm Gonna Marry by Darlene Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpe8u-FDXVU&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

2.  60's Girl Group The Honeys ~ The One You Can't Have.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2sMIhiq7AY&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

3.  60's Girl Group The Peaches ~ Baby Think It Over.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m22VtvyHgM&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

4.  After Hours - I Don't Wanna Cry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yILIUu4lnhk&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

5.  Barbara Chandler - It Hurts To Be Sixteen (1963).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge0SFBflKaA&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

6.  Beverly Noble - BETTER OFF WITHOUT YOU  (Gold Star Studio)  (1965).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ct9uKz1X2I&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

7.  Chordettes - Lollipop - Good Quality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6civIRyRtw&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

8.  Cilla Black - Alfie (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glpIgnmKrZc&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

9.  Clydie King - MISSIN' MY BABY  (Gold Star Studio)  (1965).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLajC7Dh4u0&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

10.  Clydie King - THE THRILL IS GONE  (Gold Star Studio)  (1965).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtIvY-q_opo&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

11.  Darlene Love – “(He’s A) Quiet Guy” (Philles) 1964.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gciizyqyg4k&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

12.  DEE DEE SHARP ~ I REALLY LOVE YOU.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hr1LPydRrOE&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

13.  Dionne Warwick - A House Is Not Home Live 1964.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olvaDzUi8c8&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

14.  Dionne Warwick - I Say A Little Prayer -  Live - 1967.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVnjF5cfm4U&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

15.  Dusty Springfield - I Just Don't Know What To Do.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpsDE6KCY9s&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

16.  Dusty Springfield - The Look of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tf1d65OHYXo&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

17.  Dusty Springfield Son of a Preacher Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjydOI4MEIw&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

18.  Dusty Springfield You Don't Have To Say You Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QR4vE9xL3yk&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

19.  Françoise Hardy ~ Comme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIMm9gNuL8I&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

20.  Gwen Stacey - AIN'T GONNA CRY NO MORE  (David Gates)  (1964).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRpF3EeFe4I&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

21.  Katty Line - Ne Fais Pas La Tête (1966).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-T4gWLi5RUw&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

22.  Lennon Sisters - Favorite Things.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-reAa2ushQ&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

23.  Lesley Gore - You Don't Own Me (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDUjeR01wnU&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

24.  LINDA SCOTT    I've Told Every Little Star.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifgpiGs_4Js&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

25.  Little Eva - Let's Turkey Trot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKRmoIDLxNU&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

26.  Marvelettes - Please Mr. Postman (1965) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGJcbHni4rc&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

27.  Millie Small - My Boy Lollipop (Song of the Month May 1964).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTVxpb5DuEU&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

28.  Nancy Sinatra -  These Boots Are Made For Walking (1966).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jy1RVI2Pm6M&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

29.  Nancy Sinatra Bang bang  Archive INA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQsr8v1qBuk&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

30.  Paradise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGWo39fyWCc&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

31.  Patsy Ann Noble - Accidents Will Happen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bRBWx5BteFc&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

32.  Peggy March - I Will Follow Him (remastered audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgPMYQTINNk&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

33.  Petula Clark - Si Tu Prenais Le Temps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMNa1TgS4eU&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

34.  Poppies - Lullaby Of Love (Epic 9893) 1966.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcPzqc_1jm8&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

35.  Reparata and the Delrons - I Have A Boyfriend (1965).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IDUlM0fD-c&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

36.  Reparata and the Delrons - Tommy (1965).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGnxyLn_1Qo&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

37.  Reparata and the Delrons - Who Do You Love (1965).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIgTihFwicc&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

38.  Robin Ward - WONDERFUL SUMMER  (Gold Star Studio)  (1963).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpu5VncG-Xs&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

39.  Ronettes - (Baby, Let's Be) LOVERS  (Gold Star Studio - unreleased).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63zVxgK_pAU&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

40.  Royalettes - It's Gonna Take A Miracle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7Mxtdg752Q&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

41.  Shelley Fabares - Johnny Angel HQ (1962).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt7UYKepRLU&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

42.  Supremes - Where Did Our Love Go (1964) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTBmgAOO0Nw&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

43.  Suzy Wallis - Little Things Like That (1965).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvzAo4NtLyQ&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

44.  Sylvie Vartan  AIME MOI (????).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jWmDEAd6rE&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

45.  Sylvie Vartan - La Maritza.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QR59Vh_mbQc&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

46.  Sylvie Vartan Par amour, par pitié (live officiel)  Archive INA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bspUMbwyN8&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

47.  THE BOUQUETS - AIN'T THAT LOVE  WELCOME TO MY HEART - BLUE CAT 115.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NK3qjizlhgQ&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

48.  The Cake-Baby That's Me..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJtvXF_tI1E&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

49.  The Crystals - Da Doo Ron Ron [MP4].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmRz0sLI2f0&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

50.  The Honeys  He's A Doll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_Q6lepa_qc&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

51.  The LocoMotion Little Eva FULL SONG ReEdit JAR-ReMix STEREO HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IY-63KHQSdc&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

52.  The Lovelites - Please Be My Boyfriend (unreleased stereo remix ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU4LZmW09Bg&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

53.  The Phi Mu Washboard Band - Love Hurts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bd3pubao2c&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

54.  The Poni-Tails - Born Too Late (1958).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3mfPDSbl-4&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

55.  THE RONETTES (HIGH QUALITY) - (THE BEST PART OF) BREAKIN' UP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsMw8EwjQwE&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

56.  The Supremes - Baby Love (Live at T.A.M.I Show).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bem9HUU6-XQ&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

57.  What The World Needs Now Is Love Jackie DeShannon STEREO ReMix HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQ2SAtkEsqU&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m

58.  You Baby - The Ronettes - Christmas 1965 - Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KcJ7F4Guv0&list=PLnMtpc0L5I8hmEz-vpZ2YTxFvUQvnbh5m
Female Pop from the late 50's60's Retrospective