
All Night Long Rock 'n' Roll Partymix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP3I-iJ0MgI&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Best of Rock 'n' Roll Partymix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHoJXTb8Qec&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Big Bopper - Chantilly Lace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcEpLu3rjNE&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Bobby Freeman - Do You Want To Dance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEnmsxtICjU&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Bobby Vee - Take Good Care Of My Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBmlMBcEilM&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Brenda Lee - Sweet Nothings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCV-8l9LzuA&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Buddy Holly & The Crickets - Oh Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nad37zBF7A&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Buddy Holly - That'll Be The Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E63zsa4d40k&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Chan Romero - Hippy Hippy Shake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBYfAma9XiA&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Chuck Berry - Roll Over Beethoven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqIF_IYkSgA&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Chuck Berry - School Days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gc51kQ7oWz4&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Danny & The Juniors - At the Hop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWr3N1fcq3s&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Del Shannon - Runaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qns7AFHpk3c&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Don't knock the Rock - Bill Haley and His Comets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peB_Gb5-jeM&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Eddie Cochran - Summertime Blues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6WzhXp35eM&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Elvis Presley - Dont Be Cruel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jdv2rJ8gRyc&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Elvis Presley - Hard Headed Woman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPNiYrUT2f4&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Elvis Presley - It's Now or Never
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nZ381dtjew&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Elvis Presley - Kiss Me Quick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2v9JDelG4k&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Fats Domino - Blueberry Hill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDGl08CiTn4&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Fats Domino - Hello Josephine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=galBnD_jd18&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Fats Domino - I'm Walking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A94Jyww_Ecg&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Frankie Avalon - Ginger Bread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKyuJJsO0Jc&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Frankie Lyman & The Teenagers - Why Do Fools Fall In Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3oVoeVttic&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Gene Vincent - Be Bop A Lula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYEKGiGltA0&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Gene Vincent - Say Mama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGp2V4_CVhg&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Helen Shapiro - Walking Back To Happiness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuKGWFNUV58&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Jerry Lee Lewis - Great Balls Of Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MongnwLSygE&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Little Richard - Keep A Knockin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dTp-e6bjzM&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Little Richard - Tutti Frutti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC70Y_ihEsQ&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Neil Sedaka - Calendar Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-ym9EjBH2E&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Neil Sedaka - Oh Carol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbB29RfAnXs&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Only the Lonely - Roy Orbison
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SH01HPbbIOw&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Pat Boone - Love Letters in the Sand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGUv1w3QREs&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Paul Anka - Diana
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s1hJq6mqtI&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Paul Anka - I Love You Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXWjWZAe8WY&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Ray Charles - Hit the Road Jack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ps8Z_gcu9-w&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Ray Peterson -  Corinna Corinna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LnSicFvzU4&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Ricky Nelson - Hello Mary Lou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94lu6AoxEQc&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Ritchie Valens - Come On Let's Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaagPvDmDoQ&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Ritchie Valens - La Bamba
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuFkQBimhrY&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Robin Luke - Susie Darlin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DepCqhr6s4o&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Rock 'n' Roll 60s Mix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2QYj1Ku0jI&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Rock 'n' Roll Partymix (1547997)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGeaHd5pqaU&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Rock 'n' Roll Partymix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGeaHd5pqaU&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Summertime Rock 'n' Roll Mix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DHNA0zABaE&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

The Chordettes - Lollipop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTmvX-FtfWQ&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

The Del Vikings - Come Go With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oh3Hk9ep1cE&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

The Diamonds - Little Darlin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNMaPBqwnrM&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

The El Dorados - At My Front Door
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5lkci-KMlo&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

The Everly Brothers - Bird Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nnAcKKV0-Q&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

The Everly Brothers - Bye Bye Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GahQoIqHT1w&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

The Everly Brothers - Problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RmsdcrP788&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

The McGuire Sisters - Sugartime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeAUJCNzFMU&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

The Platters - Smoke Gets In Your Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHOLXd9BKaQ&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Wanda Jackson - Lets Have A Party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEGlRx31l5o&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

Wanda Jackson - Stupid Cupid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cC8HI8qfYxk&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv
The greatest rock 'n' roll hits from the 50s & 60s