
.ahk


2011 Nobel Prize- Dark Energy feat. Sean Carroll .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6o2bUPdxV0

2012 Nobel Prize- How Do We See Light .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dRr-fnPCwM

3 Simple Ways to Time Travel (& 3 Complicated Ones) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FflcA85zcOM

A Brief History of Everything, feat. Neil deGrasse Tyson .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KYTJ8tBoZ8

A Polarizing Discovery About the Big Bang! .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IlBNJbCzfk

A Simple Proof of Conservation of Energy .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PplaBASQ_3M

Adding Past Infinity (WARNING- Math Ahead) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIq5CZlg8Rg

Albert Einstein- The Size and Existence of Atoms .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrUBPO6zZ40

Albert Einstein- Why Light is Quantum .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSgIDgGpRpk

AMAZING Simulation of the Evolution of the Universe .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLSe7RxtJ4o

An Impossible Bet - The 100 Prisoners Problem .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eivGlBKlK6M

Another Physics Misconception .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4B_x1XjBhiI

Antimatter Explained .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lo8NmoDL9T8

Are University Admissions Biased - Simpson's Paradox Part 2 .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_ME4P9fQbo

Astronomically Correct Twinkle Twinkle .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhn-RzMELhY

Black Holes, Neutron Stars, and White Dwarfs (Collab. w- MinuteEarth) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NucdlR9EGbA

Blackout .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFZ6J2sY2eU

Can Humans Really Feel Temperature .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXT012us9ng

Can we Predict Everything .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmX1W5umC1c

Common Physics Misconceptions .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IM630Z8lho8

Computer Color is Broken .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKnqECcg6Gw

Confessions of a Youtuber .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJGFei3wKs4

Correlation CAN Imply Causation! - Statistics Misconceptions .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUti6vGctQM

Distance and Special Relativity- How far away is tomorrow .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5S-hA9uKEM

Do Photons Cast Shadows .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fv1JJ227CQk

Do We Expand With The Universe .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th_9ZR2I0_w

Does the Universe Have a Purpose feat. Neil deGrasse Tyson .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pL5vzIMAhs

E=mc² is Incomplete .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnMIhxWRGNw

Einstein and The Special Theory of Relativity .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajhFNcUTJI0

Einstein's Biggest Blunder, Explained .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RApKeMGDnE

Einstein's Proof of E=mc² .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hW7DW9NIO9M

Every Force in Nature (Theory of Everything, Part III) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_RhISgoXUs

Evolution vs Natural Selection .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1t5_iGN0xE

Faster Than Light Neutrinos (maybe)- Field Trip! .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mT-mCQY2XBE

Foiled Proof .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNReoaONJdg

Football, Physics, and Symmetry .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-5CDVdglp4

Footnote †- Double Pendulums Are Crazy .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbJYK7q5ejY

GPS, relativity, and nuclear detection .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ky4RgRvVDoA

Hardy's Paradox - Quantum Double Double Slit Experiment .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ph3d-ByEA7Q

Higgs Boson Part III- How to Discover a Particle .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6guXMfg88Z8

How Airplanes Are Made  (1477471).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rMgpExA4kM

How Airplanes Are Made .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rMgpExA4kM

How Big Is The Sun .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u70lZSMP9Bo

How Big is the Universe .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NU2t5zlxQQ

How Do Airplanes Fly .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gg0TXNXgz-w

How Entropy Powers The Earth (Big Picture Ep. 4-5) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAMlGyaUz4M

How Far Can Legolas See .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rk2izv-c_ts

How far is a second .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wp20Sc8qPeo

How ISPs Violate the Laws of Mathematics .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3IPVWN-1ks

How lasers work (in theory) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3SBSbsdiYg

How Modern Light Bulbs Work .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCEKMEeZXug

How Quantum Computers Break Encryption - Shor's Algorithm Explained .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvTqbM5Dq4Q

How Shor's Algorithm Factors 314191 .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRZQ-efABeQ

How the Sun works- Fusion and Quantum Tunneling .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gS1dpowPlE8

How to break the speed of light .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lR4tJr7sMPM

How to Build a Lava Moat (with xkcd) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8xfzeD0ZK4

How to Count Infinity .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-QoutHCu4o

How to Destroy a Magnet (+ interactive periodic table) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlnZKSR73S0

How To Detect A Secret Nuclear Test .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daZ7IQFqPyA

How To Discover Weird New Particles - Emergent Quantum Quasiparticles .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbsnY--LFh0

How to Draw a Stick Figure (School of Youtube) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwkSAnLHm1Y

How To Go To Space (with XKCD!) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2p_8gx-XHJo

How to See Without Glasses .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OydqR_7_DjI

How to Simulate the Universe on your Laptop .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP-C_B8nSmw

How to Subtract By Adding .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS5p9caXS4U

How to Teleport Schro¨dinger's Cat .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxQK1WDYI_k

How To Tell If We're Beating COVID-19 .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54XLXg4fYsc

How to Turn Sound Into Light- Sonoluminescence .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yHDeKFW8j8

I Had to Build a Custom Mute Switch for my Violin .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYsp7OIMFAs

Immovable Object vs. Unstoppable Force - Which Wins .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eKc5kgPVrA

Is it Better to Walk or Run in the Rain .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MqYE2UuN24

Is Racewalking a Sport .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTfm03T3VAE

Is the Universe Entirely Mathematical Feat. Max Tegmark .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGG4HmlotJE

Is There Poop on the Moon ft. Smarter Every Day .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNP8wy3S_kY

London Bridge Was Sold to the US! .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwmSFwQ0tx4

Lorentz Transformations - Special Relativity Ch. 3 .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rh0pYtQG5wI

Magnetic Levitation .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqKeiiezqzc

MAGNETS- How Do They Work .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFAOXdXZ5TM

Minute Physics- What is Dark Matter .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Af0_vWDfJwQ

Minute Physics- What is Gravity .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_o4aY7xkXg

MinutePhysics Birthday .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJhlejbx5kY

Misconceptions Footnote †- Randomness and Feedback .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMbcMMe0D_Y

Myths and Facts About Superintelligent AI .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Om9ssTm194

NEW SHOW- MinuteEarth! .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KW5G72a4e9U

Open Letter to the President- Physics Education .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGL22PTIOAM

Open Letter to the Universe .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN39H1Eb-6I

Our Ignorance About Gravity .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTMELHUAzSM

Parallel Universes- Many Worlds .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNwKPfOKipk

Picture of the Big Bang (a.k.a. Oldest Light in the Universe) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mZQ-5-KYHw

Proof Without Words- The Circle .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whYqhpc6S6g

Protecting Privacy with MATH (Collab with the Census) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pT19VwBAqKA

Quantum SHAPE-SHIFTING- Neutrino Oscillations .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fgKBJDMO54

Real World Telekinesis (feat. Neil Turok) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMgcX8UNIGY

Reimagining the Periodic Table .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WLYukAH-eY

Relativity Isn't Relative .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VS46DZe5usY

Relativity of Simultaneity - Special Relativity Ch. 4 .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrNVsfkGW-0

Round Triangles! .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MhD2xZVypo

Schrödinger's Cat .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOYyCHGWJq4

Science, Religion, and the Big Bang .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3MWRvLndzs

Shells of Cosmic Time (ft. @AstroKatie) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cfg11qQwPzQ

Should You Walk or Run When It's Cold .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Re5fhBoF6sY

SMBC Physics- Why are stones round feat. Zach Weiner .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5GHbzR9sZ8

Solar Panels Made With a Particle Accelerator! .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPBTdSfLBg8

Solution to the Grandfather Paradox .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XayNKY944lY

Solution to The Impossible Bet - The 100 Prisoners Problem .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5-I0bAuEUE

Spacetime Diagrams - Special Relativity Ch. 2 .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTxWAQGgeQw

Speed of Light Thank You! .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VT0floYMpDc

Taming Infinity .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MUOdUvtf8o

ten-second physics #1 .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVlCtJ52Juc

The 'Mountain Or Valley' Illusion .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7C318DGB38

The Arrow of Time feat. Sean Carroll .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdTMuivYF30

The Astounding Physics of N95 Masks .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAdanPfQdCA lll

The BEST Science Online (Henry's List) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8t53Ak_yrQ

The Hairy Ball Theorem .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4UGZEjG02s

The Higgs Boson, Part I .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Uh5mTxRQcg

The Higgs Boson, Part II- What is Mass .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASRpIym_jFM

The Man Who Corrected Einstein .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Va5T2KcYiOw

The Most Burly Hurls .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3eEk-__E2U

The No Cloning Theorem .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owPC60Ue0BE

The Order of Operations is Wrong .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9h1oqv21Vs

The Origin of Quantum Mechanics (feat. Neil Turok) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1TVZIBj7UA

The Physics of Car Crashes .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9ML4GA47Rg

The Portal Paradox .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B19nlhbA7-E

The Sound of Hydrogen .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyi5SvPlMXc

The Speed of Light in Glass .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAivtXJOsiI

The Tacoma Narrows Fallacy .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ai2QFxStxo

The Tides .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gftT3wHJGtg

The True Science of Parallel Universes .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ywn2Lz5zmYg

The Wave-Particle Duality - Part 2 .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_riIY-v2Ym8

Theory of Everything (intro) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVO0HgMi6Lc

Theory of Everything- What is Matter .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fxeb3Pc4PA4

There is no 'Fourth' dimension .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9sbdrPVfOQ

There is no pink light .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9dqJRyk0YM

This is Not a Rainbow .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9udYi7exojk

To London, To London .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ghn_Na43FQE

TOP 10 REASONS Why We Know the Earth is Round .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_W280R_Jt8

Tour of the Map of the Big Bang .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38_9Q4Az0xM

Transporters and Quantum Teleportation .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAaHHGHuy1c

Tutorial- creating the sound of hydrogen .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhvW8yZdE5A

Tutorial- Rocket Science! (plus special announcement) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwaGW-x7hS0

Tutorial- Simulating the Universe in After Effects .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQiKBM9rDoM

Upside Down Mountains in Real Life  (1737130).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5aLeB17tmc

Upside Down Mountains in Real Life .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5aLeB17tmc

Usain Bolt vs. Gravity .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YUtFpLpGfk

VomitPhysics! Physics of Fiction .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7JLXg7yGx0

Weigh a million dollars with your mind .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zexOIGlrFo

What are years... and the galactic supermassive black hole! .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53glKEPzElA

What if the Earth were Hollow .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jN-FfJKgis8

What is a dimension In 3D...and 2D... and 1D .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJJhHknEDPY

What is a Neutrino .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAAmAbJvvJg

What IS Angular Momentum .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWSu6U0Ujs8

What is fire .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pfqIcSydgE

What is Quantum Tunneling .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTodS8hkSDg

What is Sea Level .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q65O3qA0-n4

What is the Purpose of Life (Big Picture Ep. 5-5) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxTnqKuNygE

What is the Uncertainty Principle .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vc-Uvp3vwg

What Is The Universe .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrTsvn9usVQ

What is the Wave-Particle Duality Part 1 .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_h4IoPJXZw

What is Touch .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BksyMWSygnc

Where Does Complexity Come From (Big Picture Ep. 3-5) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTFY0H4EZx4

Where is the True North Pole .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Roq20IV4yP0

Where Was The Big Bang .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4c-gX9MT1Q

Why Are Airplane Engines So Big .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueTGjegTKoo

Why are Stars Star-Shaped .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVAKFJ8VVp4

Why December Has The Longest Days .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZMMuv0Ltyo

Why Do Mirrors Flip Left & Right (but not up & down) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1t4dOPxKgrY

Why is it Dark at Night .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxJ4M7tyLRE

Why is it Harder to Drive Backwards .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFwfexZstO4

Why is Relativity Hard - Special Relativity Chapter 1 .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rLWVZVWfdY

Why is the Solar System Flat .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmNXKqeUtJM

Why is the Sun Yellow and the Sky Blue .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NafbGOQBlQs

Why Isn't The Sky Purple .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5P6O0pDyMU

Why It's HARD To Land on Mars .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2nqgKL2JQU

Why It's Impossible to Tune a Piano .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Hqm0dYKUx4

Why Raindrops Are Mathematically Impossible  (1101553).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lBvC7aFB40

Why Raindrops Are Mathematically Impossible .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lBvC7aFB40

Why The Full Moon is Better in Winter .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3gacnHb9TI

Why the solar system can exist .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhS8K4gFu4s

Ye Olde Debunking .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVVTk7yy4kU

Youtube Video vs. The Universe .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OwGZR-EltI
chronological order