
abba - Dancing Queen (Midnight Special)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QN0RTuz4ORA&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

ABBA FERNANDO LIVE ( MIDNIGHT SPECIAL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yaecNxzHRY&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Al Green performing Let's stay together at The Midnight Special.flv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4K9Q7Vc2xvg&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Bill Withers - Aint No Sunshine (Midnight Special - 1974)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mQoOX5j7c8&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Black Maria - Todd Rundgren
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTtIbgRr1KU&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

BLONDIE - One Way or Another (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9d3swTv4758&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Blondie. Heart of Glass at The Midnight Special
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12w5wykucgk&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Bread-Make It With You LIVE (Midnight Special 1977)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R28utDctiyA&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Cheap Trick - Surrender - Midnight Special
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqB9lhHqmsE&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Crown of Creation - Jefferson Airplane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_oJ64K-z2g&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Doobie Brothers Listen To The Music LIVE Midnight Special 1973
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOTr_4Zs_Us&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Electric Light Orchestra Evil Woman Live Midnight Special 1975
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05x5B-D_YSQ&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Fleetwood Mac - Over My Head
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3p-AHX0ml0&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Fleetwood Mac - RHIANNON Live on the Midnight Special 1976
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZI62qNmScc&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Golden Earring Radar Love 1974 Midnight Special
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQjqqy2hhDA&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Heart - Crazy On You (live 1977)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gpNqB4dnT4&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Heart - Crazy On You (Live on TV - 1976)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5PKULglde8&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Heart - Magic Man (live 1977) HQ version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbH7zNrHQqE&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Jefferson Airplane White Rabbit Rotterdam Pop Festival 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0YPwVfNZ6k&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Lou Rawls-Youll never find-Midnight special.VOB
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwW1zrMWELM&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Manfred Mann - Blinded by the Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcWVL4B-4pI&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Maria Muldaur-Midnight at the Oasis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igRPOtA33ko&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Midnight Special K.C. and the Sunshine Band Get Down Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wed5SCzkTU&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Midnight Special Wilson Pickett Midnight Hour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-K95YMJb9k&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Midnight Special-KC & The Sunshine Band  That's The Way I Like It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOS2cW1gofI&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Midnight Special-Steve Miller Band  Fly Like An Eagle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a6lAwbE1J4&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Peter Frampton - Show Me The Way (Live Midnight Special 1975).avi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLgeTtYwQ7o&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Peter Frampton Do You Feel Like We Do Midnight Special 1975 FULL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7rFYbMhcG8&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Redbone - Come And Get Your Love - LIVE 1974 The Midnight Special (Guardians Of The Galaxy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj0drevGOgA&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Rick James You And I Live Midnight Special 1979
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVvEZByp_6M&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Somebody To LoveWhite Rabbit Jefferson Airplane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1cfTMdjkYM&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Steve Miller  The Joker  Midnight Special
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qd5ag754UAQ&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

The Association - Along Comes Mary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYJhhKSXOBo&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Todd Rundgren - Hello Its Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsezr0qiFIc&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

Todd Rundgren Hello Its Me Midnight Special 73
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67PygSlObAU&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS

YouTube T Rex Bang a Gong 1973 Midnight Special
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdHkaKGgTcg&list=PLFxm3GmO0BmsTlmmqhGI1C-xnkf9DOreS
60s and 70s Live Performances