
1.  ABC - The Look Of Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNEdxZURTaI&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

2.  Alan Parsons Project - The Turn Of A Friendly Card.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jT0cKjDACIY&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

3.  Billy Idol - Eyes Without A Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OFpfTd0EIs&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

4.  Carly Simon - Coming Around Again (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0A7jAVDPJU&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

5.  Carly Simon - It's Hard To Be Tender.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5StgJ_F-6k8&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

6.  China Crisis - Wishful Thinking (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuyTpDTEUnc&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

7.  Dan Hartman~ I Can Dream About You FULL HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9N1DSccGy4A&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

8.  De Kast - Raak (Officiële videoclip).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wh2eSOIWgY&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

9.  dean friedman - lydia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSsp2xkEKVU&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

10.  Desireless - Voyage Voyage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PDmZnG8KsM&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

11.  Diesel Sausolito Summernight.mpg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c93aaCza_dY&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

12.  DONNA SUMMER - This Time I Know It's For Real    HD--169  .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCtDAAPO-j4&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

13.  Erasure - Sometimes (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9YNxUpXfCQ&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

14.  Eurythmics - There Must Be An Angel (Playing With My Heart).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlGXDy5xFlw&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

15.  Exposé When I Look At Him.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ir2Dtuh3OCs&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

16.  Feargal Sharkey - A Good Heart (Full Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx9qUR9P2ZQ&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

17.  Fiction Factory - (Feels Like) Heaven (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQBoeBgb0uk&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

18.  Flashdance - She Is A Maniac.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FftI0oRg2M&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

19.  Gazebo - I Like Chopin - Gazebo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grGjD1rTNyg&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

20.  Gloria Estefan - Can't Stay Away From You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYweHGwASKU&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

21.  GO WEST We Close Our Eyes   1985  HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLIsmqVNG9E&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

22.  Golden Earring  Going To The Run  Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8ZQ_Z3_iZQ&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

23.  Guns N' Roses - Estranged.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpmAY059TTY&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

24.  Heart - These Dreams (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41P8UxneDJE&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

25.  Heaven 17 Temptation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWkULcx0Ck0&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

26.  If I Was.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYJJ8QbDmos&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

27.  Johnny Hates Jazz - Shattered Dreams (UK Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cX-8MHKuQ5I&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

28.  Johnny Hates Jazz - Turn Back The Clock (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51NAFhGDIYw&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

29.  JULIAN SMITH - Eat Randy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqKPe9w5bUs&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

30.  KC & The Sunshine Band - Give It Up [HQ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeqtAB1WgEw&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

31.  Kim Appleby - Don't Worry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjMtwsqZFE0&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

32.  Laura Branigan   Self Control HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOy58MVe0qo&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

33.  Lonely Boy - Andrew Gold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boAv-Bu4MrI&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

34.  Matt Bianco -  More Than I Can Bear HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNBmY_OuX4s&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

35.  Matthew Wilder - Break My Stride ( Full & HQ ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy46iOwWQiE&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

36.  Miami Sound Machine - Bad Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-TfKHKbNys&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

37.  Mike & The Mechanics - The living Years.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGDA0Hecw1k&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

38.  Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark - (Forever) Live And Die.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moFiaQPCl04&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

39.  Propaganda  Duel (AUDIO HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVQ90Y6kw-A&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

40.  ROBIN BECK - THE FIRST TIME.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiN7c0fqNF8&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

41.  Rockwell - Somebody's Watching Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YvAYIJSSZY&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

42.  Roger Daltrey, Giving It All Away..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWAsHoDIlGk&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

43.  Ryan Paris - Dolce Vita - HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Duox12WWIQ&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

44.  Sabrina - Boys - 1987 HD & HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIRe1MxLb6U&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

45.  Sam Brown - Stop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muDZD3wgoHI&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

46.  Samantha Fox - I Only Wanna Be With You (Version 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYFXLL09_9w&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

47.  Samantha Fox Nothing's Gonna Stop Me Now ORIGINAL VIDEO - stereo HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXp-vUF1C-Q&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

48.  Sandra - Maria Magdalena 1985 (HD version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1DIV8V_zwQ&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

49.  Steve Winwood - Higher Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9olaIio3l8&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

50.  Swing Out Sister - Breakout (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIOJdMdS56k&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

51.  T'Pau - Heart And Soul (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwrYMWoqg5w&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

52.  Taylor Dayne - Tell It to My Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud6sU3AclT4&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

53.  The Christians 'Words'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfcDJNElrl4&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

54.  The Outfield - Your Love (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N1iwQxiHrs&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

55.  The Pretenders - Don't Get Me Wrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6u9C_SH3mQ&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

56.  The Rasmus - In the Shadows [Crow Version] (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gwO8-oqwFw&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

57.  The Waterboys - The Whole Of The Moon (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pu7AR0-FRro&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

58.  Thompson Twins - Hold Me Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9694K85Xc8&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

59.  Tiffany - I Think We're Alone Now (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6Q3mHyzn78&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

60.  to france mike oldfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QXxozXsDZY&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

61.  Toad and the Wet Sprocket - Walk On The Ocean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=509AXxliiwA&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

62.  Tom Petty - Free Fallin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWJXDG2i0A&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

63.  Tower - See You Tonight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzQHvPBR-II&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

64.  Toy Soldiers - Martika - Vinyl (HQ Sound).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Of_k9gDNa-8&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

65.  Valensia - Gaia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7pGnnxzQk4&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

66.  Wang Chung - Dance Hall Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-xpJRwIA-Q&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

67.  Wax - Bridge To Your Heart (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1isRH9E9WAE&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

68.  Wax - Right Between the Eyes (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIRJYTTeAWk&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

69.  What A Feeling - FlashDance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_f56CZ99JY&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

70.  When I'm WIth You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QzrMo_3B4I&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

71.  When In Rome - The Promise (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HI_xFQWiYU&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

72.  Will to Power - Baby I Love Your Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79r_XaUU7yE&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

73.  Wilson Phillips - Hold On (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIbXvaE39wM&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

74.  Won Ton Ton - I Lie And I Cheat (1988) [videoclip].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg_cgpOwmIA&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj

75.  ? Anastacia & Eros Ramazzotti - I Belong to You ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrGcniCD38w&list=PLrnr5XctHqf0F97Qh4KLFdi8eJSXsNfFj
forgotten hits of the 80's