
Animals - The House Of The Rising Sun (lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxYGeTV6fCw&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

BILLY BLAND   Let The Little Girl Dance  FEB '60
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOwwamcOngw&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Bobby Darin Splish Splash WLyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KmKkV3ddAo&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Bobby Fuller Four - I Fought The Law(1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgtQj8O92eI&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Bring it on home to me - Sam Cooke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRGRKMWEe-c&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Buddy Holly Words Of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfollv1111I&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Crimson and Clover - Tommy James & The Shondells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpGEeneO-t0&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Dobie Gray - The 'In' Crowd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sx3mOvD474&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

DON GIBSON  Sea Of Heartbreak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4bo4ByFhLM&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Dusty Springfield - Wishin & Hopin 1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAdTsAKvVTU&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Elvis Presley - All Shook Up - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATDJ8VPJG5s&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Gary (U.S.) Bonds - New Orleans (1960)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkRiuES4zwQ&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Good Golly Miss Molly-Little Richard-original song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5VkTcmQxD8&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Handyman-Jimmy Jones-original song-1960
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVyBRdBVCiU&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Iko Iko - Mardi Gras - Just Dance 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRmPbmmPp6k&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Isley Brothers - Twist and Shout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTaqn8_gMR0&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Jackie Wilson - Lonely Teardrops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ssjvFLniUU&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Jackie Wilson Stop Doggin' Me Around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8m-euOarB0k&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Jambalaya on the Bayou - Hank Williams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnKOVPXhlnE&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Jimmy Jones - Good Timin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmRG0Y5N8lg&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

JOE TURNER   Shake, Rattle and Roll   78 rpm  1954
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9wTQsAgktg&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Killing Floor (1964 Single) - Howlin' Wolf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3C4PsXoFslM&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Link Wray - Rumble [HQ - Best Version]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucTg6rZJCu4&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Lloy Price - Stagger Lee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCPutYaGFlE&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Louvin Brothers - You're Learning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfWZ8IYINRM&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Love Potion No. Nine-The Clovers-1959
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nt7htnE1s4o&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Percy Faith - Theme From A Summer Place [1960]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSxrwMnQYuk&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Randy Newman - Mama Told Me Not To Come
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUmLAGEHB0U&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Ritchie Valens-Donna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMcHbh6HBDk&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Rock Around the Clock-Bill Haley-original song-1955
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud_JZcC0tHI&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Roy Orbison - In Dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbxsmcT7GOk&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Roy Orbison - Oh, Pretty Woman (from Black & White Night)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PLq0_7k1jk&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Sam Cooke  Chain Gang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmZdvVnMXCc&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Sam The Sham & The Pharaohs Woolly Bully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZJiGu6Gz8E&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Shocking Blue - Venus (Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LhkyyCvUHk&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

SMOKEY ROBINSON & THE MIRACLES - GOING TO A GO-GO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWt4Hz1KGcQ&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

The Association - Along Comes Mary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esDUHNi9Er8&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

The Jaynetts - Sally, Go Round the Roses [Stereo] (1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PePXnXxRGE&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

The Platters - The Great Pretender - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwfmbXJEBtY&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

The Real Ritchie Valens - La Bamba
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jp6j5HJ-Cok&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

THE SHANGRI LAS Remember Walkin' in the sand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fy8_38U3xLU&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

The Turtles - Elenore lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeAtre3Bxg8&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

The Who - My Generation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MnDbWqe_kQ&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Tossin' and Turnin' - Bobby Lewis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uEPDEJbJu0&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

Wild Thing-The Troggs (High Quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8m10Ypl2pDA&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs
Greatest Hit's of the 40's, 50's & 60's