
'Part of Your World' by Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1_0D06iDIU

30 Days Of Glitter Intro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrCk-G8xIDw

6th Annual Crafty Chica Art Cruise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdq1nOwnY2E

A million thanks!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeGVwK6qR2U

A Plea to Ellen DeGeneres about GLITTER!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7JVR9rgfQg

Air Dry Clay DIY Wall Pocket Making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GH0o2eJmlzE

Alignment tool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FpuWwe8L2o

Attempt to tame my wild hair.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwf7vxVKJEw

Boho Ribbon Dreamcatcher  LOVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wAHg7xH86I

Bon Iver's 'Skinny Love' by Maya in the Moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAwh0v4pbBM

Book of Life Chuy DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpAW2MV9ruA

BOOK TRAILER for Miss Scarlet's School of Patternless Sewing A Crafty Chica Novel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_EvI3BERQQ

Bootsie The Sock-Catching Chihuahua!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGbPv5X3OFI

Bottle Cap Crafts DIY Magnet Shrines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtxIJXJMMDw

Bottle Cutting 101 Vases & Glasses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBY3cYX4pg8

Brand Strategy for Bloggers & Artists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AeOUyOwZso

Bread Dough Flower Rings  Migajon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-65wYRHdxE

Britney The Banker Chases The Crafty Chica Away!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SdslkJk8dKE

Bullet Journals - Embellished Covers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMEgEp6SeWs

BUSINESS TIP Set Intention in All You Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3tGuOZ7YUE

Butterfly dress from Discworld Convention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ-dY1w64Vg

Candy Halloween Tree DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6xrV8rUnPs

Cardboard Crafts - DIY Shadow Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PSVJcfiD8w

Carmen de Novais
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSecjj4MpbY

Ceramics convention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmEyW4k70rE

Cha super show portrait crochet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxsiQ0s6O8k

CHA super show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3sCmAKPBqs

Clay, Stencils & Day of the Dead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKJxvDgSfQE

Comic Book Craft How to Make Flowers From Comics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CU6v0GyYVfY

Copy of HOW TO Easy Tin Earrings  DIY Jewelry Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGtsTp1jTKc

CRAFT WARS INTERVIEW Stephen Brown, show judge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmEIrTDPLOo

CRAFT WARS Interview with contestant, Margot Potter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKZhPj1vBy4

CRAFT WARS PART 2 Stephen Brown Interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXsP9mfeFZw

CRAFTY CHICA @ HANDMADE GALLERIES!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAjOTgT3UrM

Crafty Chica Art Cruise March 2009! Sign up now!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09eZvj5BMtk

Crafty Chica Biggie Shadow Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3IqyId383Q

Crafty Chica booth at CHA 2009
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbER2xpgp7Q

Crafty Chica Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSOhy7kwUcs

Crafty Chica Classroom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTwQEVlCg8g

Crafty Chica Crochet Sparkle Scarves!  DIY Scarf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVK99fBipJM

CRAFTY CHICA CRUISE 2009 - Kelly Wright sings!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3d5dG34LEM

Crafty Chica demos Tulip Fashion Graffiti Paint Cannon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpreGv8QVLk

CRAFTY CHICA e-COURSE How to Shine Online + Blogging Workshop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfjCMOG41h0

Crafty Chica Flocked Iron-Ons  as Fabric Stamps!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVC8h5hdTDQ

Crafty Chica Glue Tip!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhrrCJnZ0go

Crafty Chica goodies!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A42CYQacf-A

Crafty Chica Ice Bucket Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckmkzQsi3bY

Crafty Chica Interactive Shadow Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zqdq0-DoMxg

Crafty Chica Intro 2009
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Psd4bV3oz_0

Crafty Chica Promo (1949390)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ySEA2t-cuw

Crafty Chica Promo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbYlycV3urc

Crafty Chica September Vlog - DIY Shoes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7p480wsM5U

Crafty Chica Summer Promo! (1504195)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seFB_i5fe6Y

Crafty Chica Summer Promo!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLZUIfEDdjk

Crafty Chica Tip Art Table
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEQo6YDE9uo

Crafty Chica Visits Make Meaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Vdy4IVqHgA

Crafty Chica VLOG 02-21-09
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBgRfDzMzpo

Crafty Chica Vlog August 17, 2011
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_aNH51e12M

Crafty Chica Vlog September 12, 2010
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g618CXiqyzE

Crafty Chica YouTube Trailer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1azdV2S48A

Crafty Chica's #MichaelsHaul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLpq0h94s-c

Crafty Chica's Artful Cap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ty9OZcJqCjo

Crafty Chica's Aztec Cardboard Bola Tie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSl7AAB43hY

Crafty Chica's Watercolor Paper Earrings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxd6RBLb_Ec

Crafty Chisme Glitter Tattoos with Nely Galan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ciHpesp7jc

Crafty Kit Ideas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixiCBKGqUbU

Crafty Score at Claire's Boutique!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gc95TSHhMGQ

Crafty Tips from Joe Rotella
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_Y5jqk-R54

Crawling Ombré Dye Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVI3fPJLR4E

CRICUT JOY DIY Custom Insert Cards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ubjqoFuhzc

Cricut Joy DIY Painted Planters  Flower Pots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEtnjNUkL8U

Cricut Joy for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_LkSsSzitw

Cricut Joy Holiday Prayer Candles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1QsrbWupm8

Cricut Maker Beginner - Frida Kahlo Journal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwPuix2DIEU

Cricut Maker How to Use Glitter Iron-On for Totes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4J4P-MQTIM

Crochet Wrist Cuffs  Bracelet DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALTdtHYERbk

Cupcake Chaos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZd_8l8tJvE

Custom Lettered Holographic Shirt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XaowKZH02w

Dancers before our event!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cEYd-Q6qLw

Day of the Dead Barbie DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSRCamF3j0w

DAY of the DEAD CRAFT Reverse Glass Painting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IL68xUs5smw

Day of the Dead Mexican Conchas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ml-SWwLh1i0

Day of the Dead Paper Rosettes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhFORL2z34s

Day of the Dead Sculptures + Dia de los Muertos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Rc6pA4kdo0

Day of the Dead Window Painting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msnUiyeRuME

Dealing With Negative People  Sparkle Saturday EP 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4qH2IGf4mM

Dia de los Muertos - Day of the Dead - Ribbon Charm Bracelet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6i2ByTIB5s

Dia de Los Muertos - Lantern Shrine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZDjef8ooa4

Distressed Gilded Floor  Etched Concrete Floor DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrW5lHhshlw

DIY Agate Slice Pendant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tELlf-eJvFc

DIY Art Journal + Smash Book Use a  Record Album Cover!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2dXp0BmvRQ

DIY Art Tiara, Crown, Headdress (Mixed Media)  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvAPfjGu7hs

DIY Bead Stash Charm Bracelet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nv5Bf3ftPzc

DIY Beaded Bobby Pins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11NxMH6e-YE

DIY Clay Concha and Rose Bracelets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNUDM0Qjf-E

DIY Concha Ornaments MEXICAN PAN DULCE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXYGm79mw48

DIY Crystal Glasses  Decorate Your Eyewear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ylyb3WpbxJQ

DIY Crystal Wine Glasses  Holiday Craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9Z573245PQ

DIY FABRIC Faux Batik Pressed Paint Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeCZi5UvndE

DIY Fabric iPhone Covers + Case Peel and Stick!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBsqR3qAK8M

DIY Felt Pastry Ornaments - Empanadas + Turnovers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQgE-JXZmQ0

DIY Gate Fold Greeting Card  Dia de Los Muertos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRobozGL2O4

DIY Glitter Cooler Tutorial  Painted Cooler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiyR8NtePks

DIY Glittered Shirt  Selena Quintanilla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DmrMm5-fcc

DIY Halloween Llama Costume #Boxtume
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1y7YExc5Go

DIY Holiday Hats Wearable Cha Cha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYN9W-_8Xuc

DIY Holiday Headbands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FX8g7Tb3epY

DIY Leather Rings  Jewelry Craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJKEY_hP40s

DIY Mannequin Jewelry Holder  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRyRs-sKeec

DIY Mexican Concha Earrings - Heart shaped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HP_VO5Llx2U

DIY Mexican Conchas - Painted Shoes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5J27lwILYjw

DIY No-Sew Jumbo PIllows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ap6wO4FDI_A

DIY Painted Pottery Without a Kiln
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDg8tN6nDjc

DIY Pizza Box Mask
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuZ_Z6PuwWE

DIY Plaster Wrap Hearts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bRhqZz8IcQ

DIY Pumpkin Shadow Box  Muertos Craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aL6lzJPiSl8

DIY Resin Frame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPNXYRM7RLQ

DIY Sacred Hearts w Roses  Fired Ceramics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7EosrUGeFo

DIY Scrapbook Paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7vP9deCdTI

DIY Seat Covers  Astroturf Patio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWf9x9IZWpU

DIY Silkscreen How to Screen Print with the Tulip ScreenIt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UDhd2HYYSs

DIY SKULL SUGAR CUBES with guest, Mark Montano
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lE-j632ViKI

DIY Sprinkled Tie Dye Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBvzyjU8Ypk

DIY Succulent Terrarium + Planter  Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HUy-lj1CWU

DIY Sugar Skull Glitter Tattoos  Dia de los Muertos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vI5ziuuAde8

DIY Sunglasses Display  Home Organization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sOSqpErQwo

DIY Tie-Dye Masks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJSZsvtmYcs

DIY Tie-Dye Watercolor Flowers Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqOciSLC8ZA

DIY With Tarina Tarantino  Sugar Skull Stretch Bracelet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38SVeHvhL3s

DIY Wood Bangles  Doodle Art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEM1VXAwCRQ

Double Corner Fold Card Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-wUdiiqpi0

Double Stitch Twins show me their wares!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDrHko5luXo

Duct Tape Earrings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqsemdeXbus

Dyed yarn at CHA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aeDeFgkQ44

EASTER CRAFT  Doodled Bunny S&P Shakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0r05IDWEUuM

Easy Applique Pillow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X8FLyRh4hI

Easy Crochet Beanie  Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHzb_zcPX8w

EASY DIY Postcards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmpABLtbNPE

Easy Finger Crochet Friendship Bracelets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s-cnKYziy4

Easy Foil Laminating for Paper Crafting!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9YMnZjIfig

EASY Pop-Up Card Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdZ9aEZD2hE

Easy Resin Magnets  DIY Gift Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33NLWWlU52I

Edible Glitter Mexican Pastries  Pan Dulce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fUVwxWCw3HI

Eerie Eyebrows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69wew3mNMOo

EMBELLISHED HEADPHONES  CRAFTY CHICA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Qsp73aYh-k

Embossed Foil Tutorial  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htA17SaMLBQ

Embrace Your Masa by Monique Sanderson-Mata
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2-vIS0RjYY

Enameled Tumblers DIY  Summer Craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S79wcYpswYM

Fabric Marker Pillow  Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yl6AXM-hy0M

Facebook live Ceramic Jewelry, Crochet Scarves, Chocolate Molds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5DpZSWwpDk

FACEPAINT Creepy Colorful Zombie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nihvNfvexWo

Family Member Quote Mugs  Thanksgiving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOAiQWhQ064

Father's Day 2009
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6fFTmB1jV8

Faux Embossing With Tissue Paper  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxYg0EZ6guM

Faux Fur Skull Pillow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQX3otOwu60

Festive Skull Wreath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USx8rOWMdr4

Finished Embroiderytapestry project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVYbI2oG4ME

Fired Ceramic Tiles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhQd3yixpDc

Flute Player at Antelope Canyon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6gPum5CYgk

Fresh from the studio! Día de los Muertos Shoes, DIY Valentine's Day Earrings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Q7pS8N9PBY

Frida event 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViNIX-NZO1Y

Frida face painting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYVU3m3Owds

Frida Inspired Paper Doll Ornaments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMYsaq7ldF8

Friendship Ornaments with the Latina Blogstars!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWzhXoGgbtg

Fuzzy hair and more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8asu0ykNGQ

Garden Craft Ideas  DIY Plant Pokes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUphslJ2rwM

GET MOTIVATED Day One!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvhUdiA7Jug

Glitter giveaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNLMw4A52jQ

Glitter leftovers  DIY Craft Projects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_VCZzXhAsc

Glitter Your Glassware  Resin Craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37JZnk6gBok

Glittered Canvas Wedding Favors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztiKG1RyTpA

GLITTERED Decoden Cell Phone Case  Craft Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0bzRzFePnU

Glittered Jumbo Tissue Flowers  PAPER FLOWER DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4K2FkHACsXc

Glittered Paper Tags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geYzhQyYpKc

Glittered Resin Pendants from Ice Cube Trays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgzQR1L01WY

Glittery dilemma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiBmnOWinNw

Good Morning Arizona feature on Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9waVYGlZfs

Graphix Aqua Pen Illustration Idea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mjv3__7Cuog

Green Chile Pork Stew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPKnL9ub1HA

Growing Your Business 3 Habits to Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_s6ntYpHxI

Guest KAYTE TERRY DIY Quilled Paper Hair Pins  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4Y5iD9mKzY

GUEST VIDEO Maya in the Moment, Love Songs for a Year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ElRJ0g1tSA

HALLOWEEN CRAFT Hot Glue Blood Drip Earrings  DIY Halloween Earrings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eW-QzEtIKco

Halloween Monster Donuts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDqS3p7RaU8

Hand Lettering Tips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB-k0TcK6n0

Happy Birthday to Maya!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMizzLtNYq4

HARLEM SHAKE (Crafty Edition By The Phoenix Fridas)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hh3N-qk03Nw

Heart Shaped Box DIY  Valentine's Craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksFpkytVJ-g

Hispanicize 2013 Blog & Branding Tips from Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caayY5URPTQ

Holiday Earrings - Reindeer & Mini Trees
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-Mhy9bjGAc

Holographic Dyed Tank  T-shirt Craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGqCfdDApzI

Horizonte feature on Kathy Cano-Murillo, the Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sT1HPAZ2hm4

Hot gluing in a tight spot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xBQrBsSySk

How I'll Spend My Tax Refund  H&R Block
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMCwCdZkMsA

HOW TO Apply a Glitter Tattoo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yaVEJxCMPI

How to Apply Nude Lip Color
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAbEwFISwUE

How to Attract Good Energy  Motivation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpQtIFzZEvw

HOW TO Brush-On Ombré  Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCP_SG-0aNs

How to Carve a Pumpkin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6b-3n8Fwxlw

HOW TO Confetti Paper Garland  Paper Craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwP5BOGIIXU

How to Crochet a Simple Scarf  DIY Scarf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZv9-m9YnK4

HOW TO Cut A Graffiti-Style Portrait
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IW9rdiEAOI

How to Decoden Shrines and Boxes  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIkV9--2QPQ

How to DISCHARGE DYING Bleachdye a black dress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1vcnJXXdz4

How To Doodle Art Scarves  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uGVO6aTkO8

How to Dye a Skein of Yarn  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-JJD6sspw8

HOW TO Dye fabric with yarn! DIY Projects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9vbAGX6rIk

How to dye ribbon (easily!)  Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCUiHKOTsTQ

HOW TO Easy Tin Earrings  DIY Jewelry Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5ehhvhSSvI

How To Edible Photo Chocolates  DIY Chocolate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cJqlT4Rd-k

How To Embed Items in Soap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frM9fy6L3cE

How to flip crystals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmeMhyWi-FM

How To Glitter A Floor  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOWLFhTXRQ4

HOW TO Glitter a floor cloth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoFZYqYvTqI

HOW TO Glitter a Shirt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lVildSDsHM

HOW TO Glitter Shade  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0VzH9nhyMA

HOW TO GLITTER SPRAY ON STENCIL  DIY Projects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uqs_nDEPBo4

HOW TO Glitter Tie-Dye Totes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsZk1usS9TA

HOW TO Glittered Drapes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSYAlg3cGT8

HOW TO Hammered Heart Earrings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0T88sBy2UG8

HOW TO Hipster Zombie Face Paint  Halloween Make Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6O80s2hjsQ

HOW TO Hot Glue Jewelry  Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLjgLL-zGVA

HOW TO Ice Cube Tie Dye, DIY Ice Painting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlL7maYko0A

HOW TO Lipstick Apron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdRhsYSingQ

HOW TO Make a Creepy Plaster Mask for Halloween
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlT_Ja7qEHA

HOW TO Make a Duct Tape Bowtie Bracelet  DIY Jewelry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ubUCh8OV-c

How to Make a Gate Fold Card + Other Ideas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePr652Kb1sg

HOW TO Make a Holiday Shadowbox from a DIY Bangle Bracelet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfiX93bTmxY

HOW TO Make a mini-zine  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObflPgOgYoE

How to Make a Ribbon Bow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0oXhLG9sz4

How to Make a Silk Flower Curtain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmwrAAf0-ZM

How to Make Affirmation Candles  Washi Tape Craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dTJ_JpBW7I

How to Make an Awesome Turkey Veggie Sandwich!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSMPCGbJYB4

HOW TO Make button rings (and a surprise guest!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkp25y7n9bM

How to Make Clay Roses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nl-GHDwAuQ

How to Make Corn Tortillas  Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfZD-7Z81Vo

HOW TO Make Crystal Letters From Buttons  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBoVRtSani8

HOW TO Make Custom Stamps from Flip Flops  DIY Stamping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTdrK4EVgcQ

HOW TO Make glitter charms  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmiTTSmBlAU

HOW TO Make Glitter Varnish on the spot!  DIY Glitter Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aLbyHsu-kw

How To Make Glittered Heart Crayons  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ajvsr_Vtn0

How to make Hot Chocolate Bombs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nk2V1oBHbRE

HOW TO Make Licorice Candy Bracelets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Or5kC9YjviE

How to Make Milk Jugs Earrings w Alcohol Inks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4oWEFITpS4

How to Make Mole Popcorn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkOmRV0dWrc

How to Make Money as an Artist or Crafter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrWBCAecmX8

How to Make Painted Marshmallow Pops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoVyhL_YtDM

How To Make Paper Flowers from Party Streamers  DIY Party Decorations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtMePr6O8KQ

HOW TO Make Rainbow Yarn - Dye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBrUhhOLXM0

How to Make Shrinky Dink Earrings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77I1MY0xO6U

How to Make Sugar Skulls  Day of the Dead DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ys8b2LQeqtU

How to make tie dye heart pillowcases
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ccP1iLde7s

How to Make White Menudo  Mexican Food Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mujizuaB-fg

How to Melt Candy Canes into Peppermint Heart Chips  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2XBPO0gKt8

HOW TO Mini-Valentine Cards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4odbaLRegM

How to Origami Envelope  Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chsb3nBK358

How to Paint a Hat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QicqEhI8t2Y

HOW TO Prevent Stencil Overspray  DIY Projects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJY-h_jGiF0

HOW TO Pumpkin Decorating Ideas & Tips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCOr2yRLl4A

HOW TO Punk Rock Stenciled Tee SEX PISTOLS!  DIY t-shirt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Kbo6vXNCV4

How to Recycle Like a Boss!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jf6M5zPGikc

How to Resin-coated paper  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lG6NNLdWyhI

HOW TO Set a Crystal Monogram Using Tape
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6pRHKcYJ5g

HOW TO Spray Dye a Scarf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZAN3_6relU

HOW TO Sugar Skull Face Painting DIY  Day of the Dead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NGJKKnENhU

HOW TO Tie Dye Roses - DIY Rainbow Roses and Flowers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6revvHtJLxM

HOW TO Tie Dye T-Shirt Yarn!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qv7XNr8mfVE

How to Tie-Dye Sheets  Shibori Dye Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ams4XjsmeaM

HOW TO Tie-Dye Your Hair Extensions - DIY Rainbow Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHLesEFDESE

How to use a Crafty Chica Iron-On Transfer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGMhQ8CvcGA

How to Use a Torch on Wire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwAv6K2R8_8

HOW TO USE RESIN Open-Back Pendant Using Duct Tape
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XccveOp4vwg

HOW TO Wrapping Paper Wreath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfzlzfRPJcM

HOW-TO Glitter on glitter  DIY Projects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kp352FNQZKM

Hydro Dipping for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgCdHmq4Wcw

I made something for you! A Memory Zine for 2015!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gd6hzvFY29g

I was in a KIA Commercial!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mofsWekZBqQ

Important Message!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HmHv43D8uD0

INTERVIEW La Santa Cecilia  Latin Music Profile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCBMwRWpboc

INTERVIEW The Food Network's Chef Marcela Valladolid from the Lowe's Designer Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obZL7RfU9z4

iPhone 3G S DIY Embellished Case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYNRgOfJG7Q

iPhone Accessory I Love The Pop Phone! Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHYSCZaoDcI

JEWELRY HACKS DIY Reconstructed Earrings!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdKyH3AJjUU

Jolly Rancher Candy Roses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gRC3NB9AqM

Jumpstart Your Passion  Sparkle Saturday EP 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmSs-KpVFuY

June Happy List + Giveaway  Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oa65VbkvsYg

Kathy Cano-Murillo, Speaker Reel  Latina Speaker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xj-1I7p0kQ

Kathy gets ready to leave!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQhpbcYFt-0

Kathy's craftastrophe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=er8TaGCvmaI

Kathy's secret crystal footage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHsnsyaHOBo

Katie Cazorla Branding Tips for Your Small Business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LC7ua0JvPwY

Katie Cazorla Crafty Ways to Paint Your Nails  Nail Art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyCRleXqB3s

Katie Cazorla How to Protect Crafty Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZakY_deyDFY

La Casa Murillo Day before opening.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdWr_tiatHA

La Casa Murillo Driving to exhibit with Darian.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtBLPltvGjo

La Casa Murillo Phil shares his glitter magic!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhbrG0rv55U

La Casa Murillo We've arrived!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TevdaRy7wss

Lash Extensions Review  Eyelash Extensions Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FO9uVdmErB4

Late night pillow production
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ronMMSSPnfY

Late Night Sewing The Craftermath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp5XeoI4Y-o

Latin-inspired Whipped Coffee - Dalgona Coffee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seDLOfRkkls

Lavender Latte Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvbBtZIVWiE

Linocut Techniques  Easy Block Printing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lX9-Uipg3Fs

Love Letter Garland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXajdEwnxWE

Magic Glitter Jars  Craft Attitude
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y671B9l8AlE

Making polymer clay earrings!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeeibBndNlY

Mantastic crafter at CHA Super Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRN1Jr46T_g

Marble magic!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60Ijl3yPPXs

Maya In the Moment Love Songs for a Year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UOK5QazWec

Maya in the Moment performs an original song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOiTjZQZG5E

Mexi Mediterranean Salad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcJg004ficg

Mexi-Boho How to Makeover a Lampshade (Fabric Collage)  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg9GrvT3oVI

Mexican Embroidered Blouse Bag  Purse DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onutDaT8-mY

Michelle Blades @ Melrose Street Fair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9OISCdJdHw

Mini Monoprint Tutorial  Gelli Plate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_BDrrzeQ2M

Mini Sugar Skull Pinata DIY  DAY OF THE DEAD CRAFT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ua_2e8yzp6I

Mixed media paper shadow boxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r53G__iT-00

Mixed Media Shirt  Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjmuZEQ-MgU

MIXED MEDIA TUTORIAL Fabric Dye as Wood Stain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPacB-ZEEHw

Mold making and resin casting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHnTiY0V0S4

Mom fail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4YZk4AX7X8

Mucho Más Art Studio - Phoenix Latinx Business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQBNe4PZ09I

Mucho Más Art Studio hosts Pero Like!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAdj1ot96jY

Multitasking with the LG Dual Screen!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uxo2BC8MN-Y

My adventures blogging at the People en Español Festival in San Antonio!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsplHRCdfeA

My Blooper Reel!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GM-R1zq0jNk

My Ceramic Painting Technique (Frida mugs)!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3muW0QgnDA

My First Time Tequila Shot!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YqA7cck7AE

My lazy Chihuahuas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Otoiwp7iis

My Origami Owl Visit  Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0ijdaBcjto

My Pummelvision
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnQTyUqtvBQ

My Q&A With WordPress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Eu5BGuvlTA

My Week as a Prudential Ambassador at Hispanicize 2017!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCtrf_2R7c8

New Crafty Chica products and my first YouTube Live!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJAj6xIJ1Vg

NEW! Crafty Chica Product Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEBKuurx8iE

Ofrenda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq_96Pr0khQ

Painted Jacket DIY  TIE DYE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jO8GERYpAJg

Painted Leather Bracelets  Magic Braid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zS8_NMQvYhI

Painted Wine Glasses Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ck7mgY1Fq4

Pan Dulce Paletas - Concha Ice Cream Bars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsggTC5dsTc

Paper Crafts Folded Pocket Book Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQ-2VosHWkc

Paper Shadow Boxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCkREj-lB2c

Peek inside my studio!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqfWkCafHUI

Phoenix Fridas Arizona Latina Art Collective
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PhaGK-K_Qk

Phoenix Fridas Art Exhibit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUY_1VfxB7g

Phx Fridas Merch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EykYxPiIRY

Piñata Craft - Photo Frame DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWqH3L8w_ig

Plaster Ring Tutorial Using Cool2Cast and Glass Tiles  DIY Jewelry Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmEqsvetb98

Plaster-Dipped Flowers Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNxIn-TspSE

Plastic Bags DIY Drink Coasters!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbnFaKeiZiM

Pop Art Frames  Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Q6Bz-zXczA

Popcorn Tie-Dye Technique  Shibori Craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8jSeUmMf0w

Prepping a surface to paint  Tide Oxi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eV4AE5UgRTA

Q&A Andrea Salazar, Making the Cut 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0erL208kf34

Q&A w Fernanda Castillo - star of YA VEREMOS pelicula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RjYlYpG2Aw

Quicky Fabric Collage Drapes  DIY Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWYt9hWjUIo

Ras Patrick singing RASTAFARMER theme song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYoBIiGJMBc

RastaFarmers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YtmnYapTjg

Resin Crafts Sparkle Collage Hoops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVoNygqnuYs

Resin Jewelry DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gkab4xS6Q4

REVIEW Singer One Sewing Machine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yurFSfHFi3c

Rolled Paper Box and Shrine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUIAukcaT7o

Sacred Heart Cupcakes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLsUtm8jU88

Sari Ribbon Earrings w Mod Podge Ultra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WwueIqr5GI

Scrapbook Paper Journals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eh4ak3OlGfg

Selena Quintanilla  Earring Craft Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bC0jgmhKZqA

SELENA THE SERIES - Seidy Lopez Interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHIXwOvDa3k

Setting up for the Phx Craft Rave!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wePGzQtG0Ck

Sharpie tattoo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJdHsKc7qUs

Shrink Plastic Pins & Earrings with Resin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwG6LSaknMI

Silkscreen at Home IKONART Stencil Kit Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGXT1iTWovw

Slice of Cake Costume #boxtume
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9WWQsXVJiM

Snippet from our auction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Npz2yOxFlc

Sophisticated Craft FAIL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFRkD8RriqU

Sparkle Glitter Collage Christmas Glass Ornaments!  DIY Christmas Tree Ornaments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFPP7xhHTxI

Sparkle Saturday Do the Thing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDS5uy9-6gY

Sparkly Soldered Pendant Tutorial  Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VB-3spadK-8

SPRING DIY Custom Hangers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wU8XI27PSqc

Stencil and Glitter Canvas Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3SDqvX4Cdc

Stenciled Paper DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVSueOb1ULE

Stenciled Watercolor Art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWMc8WLd_lM

Sticker Haul Halloween Frame DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBdp0HdSnuo

Stitched Felt Hearts Tutorial  Valentine Craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K46RRRlJkgA

STORYTIME Baking Fail - That time I accidentally baked bugs in cookies!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSPzPEaHXzQ

Strawberry Milk Cake Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptkEmHTb18Q

Studio Sneak Peek!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIoAj9QaFQs

Sugar Skull Piñata Tutorial  Day of the Dead DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPECjFGFkyo

Super Easy Shaker Cards for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StV_Of0ZOR4

Talavera Pottery DIY Mugs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck2plQ0deIk

Tea Towels as Fabric + GIVEAWAY!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8spQ3wbePo

Tequila Cocktails Chili Piña Rita & Guava Strawberry Margarita
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eak1jwUPcnM

Terri O's Crafty Boot Camp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2M5BUtzK3Xo

Thanksgiving night yarn bender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4h92Ob28AI

The Crafty Chica meets Brini Maxwell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLxge78Ggrk

The Crochet Dude and The Crafty Chica!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lqf2XpwI10

The Many Faces of a Crafty Chica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3H9IzyAqEAo

The world needs more love!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExNDZuYS4L0

This is how I know I have a coffee problem.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_T8Sx7aZjkw

Threadbanger DIY Party Glittered Chihuahuas!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JA55RUGs6gc

Tibetan Yak Yarn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUt87pOyXNc

Tide Pods + Keeping Tie-Dye Colors Bright
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRLy0hKDv3k

Tie-Dye Technique Glue Resist  Altered t-shirt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gydh3a_5oGM

Tie-Dye Tips  Fabric dye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAUlCL2xjXw

Tie-Dye Towel  DIY Summer Craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMW_zXokcDs

Tie-Dye with Fabric Markers  DIY Fashion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=096XQigQ9XQ

Tin Can Crafts - Paint & Fabric Make Over!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsTAXWUylzE

Tip for your craft table
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xemgwMgnNHw

TIPS FOR ARTISTS Three ways to impress a retail buyer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWIHrifphDk

Tissue Paper Votives DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJKsr2b3dfM

Trunk or Treat Graveyard #Boxtumes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHeKvLoa5hg

TUTORIAL Easy Macramé Bracelets  DIY Bangles, Jewelry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doD6GeYj74Q

TUTORIAL Papel Picado as Stencils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV9aVh0eEso

Valentine Crafts Wood Conversation Hearts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lraiiS0fBA

VLOG Mugs, Crafty Cash, and a Muscle Relaxer Gingerbread House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yw5ksgrvkgA

VLOG Random crafty stuff on a Friday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yNwhft9fIQ

Waking Up In The Land Of Glitter Book Trailer #2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xY2l3LyKsg

Waking Up in the Land of Glitter The Glitter!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=au-MvzrIu7o

Waking Up in the Land of Glitter The Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxaGIu9Fncs

Waterless Snow Globes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U29pynH5OD4

What I Would do with $1000  H&R Block
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMqcDFT9USw

Wire Fabric Bracelets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTr7ey-735I

WORKSHOP DIY Kamikaze Publicity for Indie Artists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stWLW4MmfJo

Write Doodle Plan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9Diqvuf4S0

You're cute, but I want that sandwich.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-GZ--yI1zs
The Crafty Chica, Kathy Cano-Murillo - Videos