
1.  Check Engine Light On and How to Fix It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSubYm7_e0s

2.  Electrical Troubleshooting in Your Car with Power Probe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyN6U3JUR6w

3.  Fixing Car Problems You Can't See.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCgA-td1Qfw

4.  Fixing Complex Modern Cars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3PuVCUqeHQ

5.  How Electrical Relays Work in Your Car - Electrical Troubleshooting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RETAQVeMnAA

6.  How to Check a Catalytic Converter in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzyvL5tQLzU

7.  How to Check a Timing Belt or Timing Chain in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zyjyVUoe6c

8.  How to Check a Wheel Bearing in Your Car (Replacement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbsUTESwOMY

9.  How to Check for Hidden Damage after Car Accident.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQvFSGxDiBI

10.  How to Check Your Car's Suspension System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDAFxt46PHk

11.  How to Find a Electrical Short in Your Car (FAST).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufVuWznmJLA

12.  How To Find Car Leaks With a UV Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgCLGXTlim0

13.  How To Find Electrical Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjXt7_gusgM

14.  How to Find Noises in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqh1oH8mEqY

15.  How to Find Oil Leaks in Your Car and Fix Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYzTyTlnsr8

16.  How To Find The Right Car Repair Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRXebs6SM1g

17.  How to Find Vacuum Leaks With a Cigar (Life Hack).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMok2y05jNE

18.  How to Fix a Car that Clunks (Lower Control Arm).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eHWpgtSM8Q

19.  How to Fix a Car that Randomly Dies while Driving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwlruD4JXmY

20.  How to Fix a Car that Won't Start When You Turn the Key.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSE0fOrujW0

21.  How To Fix a Car With Multiple Trouble Codes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXAJvuuK104

22.  How to Fix a Wobbly Steering Wheel (Idler Arm Replacement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HI3t-d1MzRA

23.  How to Fix ABS Problems in Your Car - Light Stays On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T21th6nJe6Y

24.  How to Fix Battery Drain in Your Car (Parasitic Draw Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B__DqK90IIc

25.  How to Fix Car Hesitation (Code P0171).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kf2RKfmVPx0

26.  How To Fix Cars Using a High Level Scan Tool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8__hNZTKCw

27.  How to Fix Check Engine Light in an Older Car (Pre-1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3emVvat9bE

28.  How to Fix Check Engine Light That's On in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeInc7NSrmw

29.  How to Fix Creaks in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwUigrAtTOs

30.  How To Fix Noises Under Your Car's Hood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BFHzVPwfpc

31.  How to Fix Power Steering Noise When Turning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgs_Z0Vr8zI

32.  How To Replace a Bad Electronic Water Pump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vqAbKtLfws

33.  How to Replace a Remote Key Fob for Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RrAliUD0ik

34.  How to Stop Car Noise (Water Pump Replacement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MR3t71Lhoy0

35.  How to Tell if the Fuel Pump is Bad in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoWZz1ckRGw

36.  How to Tell if You Need a New Catalytic Converter in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJTmddbOxMk

37.  How to Tell if Your Head Gasket is Blown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QA7KVQq9vKA

38.  How to Test Alternator in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQjNlrL9Jm0

39.  How to Test Fuel Injectors in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrqyrI5aNl0

40.  How To Use a Computer To Fix Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcy8qYGbfiM

41.  How to use AC Gauges in Your Car (AC Problems).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80jSH8VQZms

42.  How To Use Your Ears To Fix Car Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOs6PyYsWjM

43.  Learn How To Fix Your Own Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfC3osyUljE

44.  Misfiring Engines With P0301 Code.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9zNnAuPY2U

45.  Replacing a Bad Knock Sensor P0330 Code.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWRXS-Uym_k

46.  Where Has Your Throttle Cable Gone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqSSS_HiKFY

47.  Why Your Car Smells Like Gasoline.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvH1fhihOlk
How To Analyze Car Problems