
1.  Tadeusz Baird
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tadeusz_Baird/Tadeusz_Baird.txt

2.  Tadeusz Szeligowski
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tadeusz_Szeligowski/Tadeusz_Szeligowski.txt

3.  Tage Nielsen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tage_Nielsen/Tage_Nielsen.txt

4.  Takashi Yoshimatsu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Takashi_Yoshimatsu/Takashi_Yoshimatsu.txt

5.  Tale Ognenovski
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tale_Ognenovski/Tale_Ognenovski.txt

6.  Tan Dun
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tan_Dun/Tan_Dun.txt

7.  Tan Yan Zhang
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tan_Yan_Zhang/Tan_Yan_Zhang.txt

8.  Tarik O'Regan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tarik_O'Regan/Tarik_O'Regan.txt

9.  Tarquinio Merula
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tarquinio_Merula/Tarquinio_Merula.txt

10.  Teizo Matsumura
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Teizo_Matsumura/Teizo_Matsumura.txt

11.  Tekla Badarzewska-Baranowska
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tekla_Badarzewska-Baranowska/Tekla_Badarzewska-Baranowska.txt

12.  Temistocle Solera
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Temistocle_Solera/Temistocle_Solera.txt

13.  Teo Macero
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Teo_Macero/Teo_Macero.txt

14.  Teodorico Pedrini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Teodorico_Pedrini/Teodorico_Pedrini.txt

15.  Teodulo Mabellini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Teodulo_Mabellini/Teodulo_Mabellini.txt

16.  Teresa Belloc-Giorgi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Teresa_Belloc-Giorgi/Teresa_Belloc-Giorgi.txt

17.  Teresa Borràs i Fornell
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Teresa_Borràs_i_Fornell/Teresa_Borràs_i_Fornell.txt

18.  Teresa Carreño
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Teresa_Carreño/Teresa_Carreño.txt

19.  Terry Riley
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Terry_Riley/Terry_Riley.txt

20.  Thea Musgrave
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thea_Musgrave/Thea_Musgrave.txt

21.  Thelonious Monk
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thelonious_Monk/Thelonious_Monk.txt

22.  Theo Bleckmann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theo_Bleckmann/Theo_Bleckmann.txt

23.  Theo Bruins
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theo_Bruins/Theo_Bruins.txt

24.  Theo Loevendie
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theo_Loevendie/Theo_Loevendie.txt

25.  Theo Verbey
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theo_Verbey/Theo_Verbey.txt

26.  Theobald Boehm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theobald_Boehm/Theobald_Boehm.txt

27.  Theodor Berger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theodor_Berger/Theodor_Berger.txt

28.  Theodor Döhler
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theodor_Döhler/Theodor_Döhler.txt

29.  Theodor Kirchner
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theodor_Kirchner/Theodor_Kirchner.txt

30.  Theodor Kullak
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theodor_Kullak/Theodor_Kullak.txt

31.  Theodor Leschetizky
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theodor_Leschetizky/Theodor_Leschetizky.txt

32.  Theodor von Schacht
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theodor_von_Schacht/Theodor_von_Schacht.txt

33.  Theodore Antoniou
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theodore_Antoniou/Theodore_Antoniou.txt

34.  Theodore Holland
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Theodore_Holland/Theodore_Holland.txt

35.  Thierry Escaich
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thierry_Escaich/Thierry_Escaich.txt

36.  Thomas Adams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Adams/Thomas_Adams.txt

37.  Thomas Adès
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Adès/Thomas_Adès.txt

38.  Thomas Albert
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Albert/Thomas_Albert.txt

39.  Thomas Appleby
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Appleby/Thomas_Appleby.txt

40.  Thomas Arne
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Arne/Thomas_Arne.txt

41.  Thomas Ashwell
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Ashwell/Thomas_Ashwell.txt

42.  Thomas Attwood
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Attwood/Thomas_Attwood.txt

43.  Thomas Baltzar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Baltzar/Thomas_Baltzar.txt

44.  Thomas Bateson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Bateson/Thomas_Bateson.txt

45.  Thomas Brewer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Brewer/Thomas_Brewer.txt

46.  Thomas Campion
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Campion/Thomas_Campion.txt

47.  Thomas Chilcot
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Chilcot/Thomas_Chilcot.txt

48.  Thomas Crecquillon
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Crecquillon/Thomas_Crecquillon.txt

49.  Thomas Dunhill
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Dunhill/Thomas_Dunhill.txt

50.  Thomas Erskine
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Erskine/Thomas_Erskine.txt

51.  Thomas Ford
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Ford/Thomas_Ford.txt

52.  Thomas Gabriel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Gabriel/Thomas_Gabriel.txt

53.  Thomas German Reed
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_German_Reed/Thomas_German_Reed.txt

54.  Thomas Jennefelt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Jennefelt/Thomas_Jennefelt.txt

55.  Thomas Larcher
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Larcher/Thomas_Larcher.txt

56.  Thomas Linley the elder
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Linley_the_elder/Thomas_Linley_the_elder.txt

57.  Thomas Linley the younger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Linley_the_younger/Thomas_Linley_the_younger.txt

58.  Thomas Lupo the elder
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Lupo_the_elder/Thomas_Lupo_the_elder.txt

59.  Thomas Morley
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Morley/Thomas_Morley.txt

60.  Thomas Norris
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Norris/Thomas_Norris.txt

61.  Thomas O'Brien Butler
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_O'Brien_Butler/Thomas_O'Brien_Butler.txt

62.  Thomas Oboe Lee
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Oboe_Lee/Thomas_Oboe_Lee.txt

63.  Thomas Pasatieri
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Pasatieri/Thomas_Pasatieri.txt

64.  Thomas Pitfield
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Pitfield/Thomas_Pitfield.txt

65.  Thomas Preston
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Preston/Thomas_Preston.txt

66.  Thomas Rajna
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Rajna/Thomas_Rajna.txt

67.  Thomas Ravenscroft
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Ravenscroft/Thomas_Ravenscroft.txt

68.  Thomas Robinson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Robinson/Thomas_Robinson.txt

69.  Thomas Roseingrave
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Roseingrave/Thomas_Roseingrave.txt

70.  Thomas Selle
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Selle/Thomas_Selle.txt

71.  Thomas Simpson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Simpson/Thomas_Simpson.txt

72.  Thomas Sleeper
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Sleeper/Thomas_Sleeper.txt

73.  Thomas Stoltzer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Stoltzer/Thomas_Stoltzer.txt

74.  Thomas Tallis
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Tallis/Thomas_Tallis.txt

75.  Thomas Tellefsen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Tellefsen/Thomas_Tellefsen.txt

76.  Thomas Tomkins
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Tomkins/Thomas_Tomkins.txt

77.  Thomas Weelkes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Weelkes/Thomas_Weelkes.txt

78.  Thomas Whythorne
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Whythorne/Thomas_Whythorne.txt

79.  Thomas Wilson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thomas_Wilson/Thomas_Wilson.txt

80.  Thorvald Aagaard
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thorvald_Aagaard/Thorvald_Aagaard.txt

81.  Thurlow Lieurance
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thurlow_Lieurance/Thurlow_Lieurance.txt

82.  Théodore Dubois
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Théodore_Dubois/Théodore_Dubois.txt

83.  Théodore Labarre
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Théodore_Labarre/Théodore_Labarre.txt

84.  Théophile Ysaÿe
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Théophile_Ysaÿe/Théophile_Ysaÿe.txt

85.  Thérèse Brenet
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thérèse_Brenet/Thérèse_Brenet.txt

86.  Thüring Bräm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Thüring_Bräm/Thüring_Bräm.txt

87.  Tielman Susato
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tielman_Susato/Tielman_Susato.txt

88.  Tigran Mansurian
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tigran_Mansurian/Tigran_Mansurian.txt

89.  Tikhon Khrennikov
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tikhon_Khrennikov/Tikhon_Khrennikov.txt

90.  Tilo Medek
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tilo_Medek/Tilo_Medek.txt

91.  Tim Benjamin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tim_Benjamin/Tim_Benjamin.txt

92.  Timothy Salter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Timothy_Salter/Timothy_Salter.txt

93.  Tobias Hume
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tobias_Hume/Tobias_Hume.txt

94.  Tobias Picker
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tobias_Picker/Tobias_Picker.txt

95.  Todor Skalovski
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Todor_Skalovski/Todor_Skalovski.txt

96.  Toivo Kuula
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Toivo_Kuula/Toivo_Kuula.txt

97.  Tolib Shakhidi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tolib_Shakhidi/Tolib_Shakhidi.txt

98.  Tom Anderson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tom_Anderson/Tom_Anderson.txt

99.  Tom Johnson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tom_Johnson/Tom_Johnson.txt

100.  Tomas Svoboda
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tomas_Svoboda/Tomas_Svoboda.txt

101.  Tomaso Albinoni
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tomaso_Albinoni/Tomaso_Albinoni.txt

102.  Tomasz Szadek
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tomasz_Szadek/Tomasz_Szadek.txt

103.  Toma Pengov
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Toma_Pengov/Toma_Pengov.txt

104.  Tomi Räisänen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tomi_Räisänen/Tomi_Räisänen.txt

105.  Tommaso Giordani
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tommaso_Giordani/Tommaso_Giordani.txt

106.  Tommaso Traetta
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tommaso_Traetta/Tommaso_Traetta.txt

107.  Tommy Banks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tommy_Banks/Tommy_Banks.txt

108.  Tomohito Nishiura
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tomohito_Nishiura/Tomohito_Nishiura.txt

109.  Tomás Bretón
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tomás_Bretón/Tomás_Bretón.txt

110.  Tomás de Torrejón y Velasco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tomás_de_Torrejón_y_Velasco/Tomás_de_Torrejón_y_Velasco.txt

111.  Tomás Luis de Victoria
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tomás_Luis_de_Victoria/Tomás_Luis_de_Victoria.txt

112.  Ton de Leeuw
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Ton_de_Leeuw/Ton_de_Leeuw.txt

113.  Tona Scherchen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tona_Scherchen/Tona_Scherchen.txt

114.  Tony Aubin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tony_Aubin/Tony_Aubin.txt

115.  Tony Banks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tony_Banks/Tony_Banks.txt

116.  Tony Jackson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tony_Jackson/Tony_Jackson.txt

117.  Tor Aulin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tor_Aulin/Tor_Aulin.txt

118.  Toshiko Akiyoshi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Toshiko_Akiyoshi/Toshiko_Akiyoshi.txt

119.  Toshio Hosokawa
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Toshio_Hosokawa/Toshio_Hosokawa.txt

120.  Toshiro Mayuzumi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Toshiro_Mayuzumi/Toshiro_Mayuzumi.txt

121.  Toussaint Bertin de la Doué
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Toussaint_Bertin_de_la_Doué/Toussaint_Bertin_de_la_Doué.txt

122.  Tristan Keuris
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tristan_Keuris/Tristan_Keuris.txt

123.  Tristan Murail
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tristan_Murail/Tristan_Murail.txt

124.  Tristram Cary
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tristram_Cary/Tristram_Cary.txt

125.  Troy Banarzi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Troy_Banarzi/Troy_Banarzi.txt

126.  Truid Aagesen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Truid_Aagesen/Truid_Aagesen.txt

127.  Ture Rangström
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Ture_Rangström/Ture_Rangström.txt

128.  Turlough Carolan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Turlough_Carolan/Turlough_Carolan.txt

129.  Tyagaraja
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tyagaraja/Tyagaraja.txt

130.  Tyler Joseph
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tyler_Joseph/Tyler_Joseph.txt

131.  Tyzen Hsiao
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Tyzen_Hsiao/Tyzen_Hsiao.txt

132.  Toru Takemitsu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/T/Toru_Takemitsu/Toru_Takemitsu.txt
T