
13-Year-Old Sentenced to 170 Years in Prison  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEcvWYn1x9E&pp=sAQA

15 Personalities in One Woman (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojzZ4L2rmSY&pp=sAQA

16-Year-Old Was Wrongly Imprisoned for 29 Years After Forced Confession  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NCyAityay8&pp=sAQA

17 Kids And Counting (Big Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHXPAPTFPvc&pp=sAQA

17 Years in Prison War Veteran Falsely Accused of Murder (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIw8AOwcaBQ&pp=sAQA

2000 Tattoos, Don’t Judge Me (Tattoo Prejudice Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tl0D2ogpdSw&pp=sAQA

31 Days in the Ghetto Can I Survive as a Homeless Man (Breadline Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24xUaAfW5D0&pp=sAQA

34 Years in Prison Wrongly Convicted of Murder And Assault (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daU8lksApPE&pp=sAQA

7 Days Inside Texas' Terrifying Jail (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkDNhCXtPIc&pp=sAQA

97`% Owned (Global Finance Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFGhkgQ8pYM&pp=sAQA

A British Girl Comes to Terms with Her Twin Sister's ISIS Links  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2mLqo39L9M&pp=sAQA

A Drone Flies Through PostApocalyptic Cooling Towers (Drones In Forbidden Zones)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fS5FOIC3ijM&pp=sAQA

A Fragile Dream Football and Hope on the Streets of Rio (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUhzE3UAWlQ&pp=sAQA

A Journey into the Mind of a Killer  The Fisherman (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODcxHJAyDpU&pp=sAQA

A Mother Brings Her Son To Be Shot (Family Conflict Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuYUqcm5tgk&pp=sAQA

A Mother's Twisted Love (Cancer Hoax Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuOJpikr5hQ&pp=sAQA

A Murder In The Family (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vABOFleXLJQ&pp=sAQA

A School In The South  Being White In A Mostly Black School (Education Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQYujYS-F-w&pp=sAQA

A Stone In Our Heart (Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXi2PXULLBc&pp=sAQA

A Syrian Love Story  An Odyssey To Political Freedom (Refugee Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cszDhR1BhqE&pp=sAQA

A Walk To Beautiful (EMMY AWARD WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUe5QChQyvg&pp=sAQA

A World Without Water (Global Warming Documentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlfMBQGZUvQ&pp=sAQA

Abducted (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqQpceO6ENo&pp=sAQA

Abducted By North Korea (North Korea Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjkrY8WrsgU&pp=sAQA

Abducted for Jesus (Ethics Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKSjY8AFIYQ&pp=sAQA

Acid Attack Naomi's Tragic Story (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4W6ufXy-rk&pp=sAQA

Addicts' Symphony (Addiction Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8E2NWDgc8w&pp=sAQA

ADHD Out of Control Kids (MedicalParenting Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRYl9Bf0yhs&pp=sAQA

Adopted By The West China's Abandoned Children (Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgHzL8Gjau4&pp=sAQA

Afghan Memento (Road Trip & Travel Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DvZf89vyNY&pp=sAQA

Afghanistan's Emerald Mines (Hidden Gem Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGEKVCCZraU&pp=sAQA

Africa Rising (Foreign Aid Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aWdFNNNrmU&pp=sAQA

After The Apocalypse (Soviet Nuclear Testing Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRXm1evB2Rg&pp=sAQA

Airbnb Dream Or Nightmare (Rental Market Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Hc7eP-CP7g&pp=sAQA

Alex Lewis Answers Your Questions  YouTube Q&A  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-O7EuZb224&pp=sAQA

Alice And Her Six Dads (Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8ADEzyNOYM&pp=sAQA

All Creatures Great and Stuffed (Extraordinary Taxidermy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xv4SKptth0&pp=sAQA

Along Gaddafi's Road (Libya Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OatO13H89Uk&pp=sAQA

Am I a Psychopath (Psychology Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3vlYpvnZ7o&pp=sAQA

America's Culture War Racism and the USA (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUDvxmRi_qc&pp=sAQA

America's First Climate Change Refugees (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDNPQE0Wn0Q&pp=sAQA

America's Legendary Sinking Town  The Curse & The Jubilee  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BNPCI2utm0&pp=sAQA

America's Oldest Interracial Newlyweds Edith + Eddie (Oscar-Nominated Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flXYxQVmdxc&pp=sAQA

America's Self-Styled Toughest Sheriff Chain Gang Girls (Female Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_HieKs7cGA&pp=sAQA

America's Worst Heist (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgfLd8K8s3Y&pp=sAQA

American and British Families Swap Lives (Culture Clash Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkT9WtJ5X3g&pp=sAQA

American And Chinese Tensions From Trade War To Military Strikes (War Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0WJ1CyC2IQ&pp=sAQA

American Vampires Halloween Special (Vampire Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTewbZrZOoA&pp=sAQA

Americana Swaperama From Leeds to Louisville (Life Swap Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ivq4j1_miIg&pp=sAQA

Amnesia and Me (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgCwM7vXN24&pp=sAQA

An Almost Perfect Murder (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdB6aYXVO-A&pp=sAQA

Anatomy of a Giant (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNGwwMQZZ6I&pp=sAQA

Animal Imitators (Weird and Wonderful Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-Y-qXVa0uE&pp=sAQA

Annie Out of the Ashes (Extraordinary Person Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7HQ-YPGLuo&pp=sAQA

Apollo 17 The Last Men on the Moon (Space Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJ0wep3qiO0&pp=sAQA

Aspiring Lawyer Who Spent 28 Years In Prison (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lvw3wd9dlPM&pp=sAQA

Attack Of The Drones (Military Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfNIuvGSqRs&pp=sAQA

Australia's Number One Communist (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaBqB0P5kT0&pp=sAQA

Australia’s Most Unorthodox Debt Collector  Little Joe  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bGFof35ICE&pp=sAQA

Autism Challenging Behaviour (Controversial Autism Treatment Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g71FXJA0C6I&pp=sAQA

Autistic Metallica Fan Wants To Meet His Hero, Drummer Lars Ulrich!  Mission To Lars  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUIESf0g56M&pp=sAQA

Babies At 50 (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8fmVDj4eEM&pp=sAQA

Backstabbers and Beauty Queens (Beauty Pageant Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yyeouz4L5NQ&pp=sAQA

BAKUR Inside the PKK (Kurdish Militant Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1et3O5ngqRU&pp=sAQA

Beautiful Faces (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSvgaGZ0iYw&pp=sAQA

Beauty and Bravery Who Will Be Crowned Miss Tibet (Pageant Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3w4g1_TcS4&pp=sAQA

Beauty Pageant Babies All Grown Up  Painted Babies (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jBmR79Lo7o&pp=sAQA

Becoming Julia (Gender Transition Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNjV37vp5qk&pp=sAQA

Behind Closed Doors (BAFTA AWARD NOMINATED DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZS1JSwBNKM&pp=sAQA

Being A Singer With HIV  Love In A Time Of HIV [Part 1] (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP1NI5XwKog&pp=sAQA

Being Bipolar (Psychology Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0MEF-RWtBA&pp=sAQA

Being Blamed For Your Child's Autism  Refrigerator Mothers (Social Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ayzc6_DzI8&pp=sAQA

Being Terri Britain's Youngest Burns Survivor (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qua06L9wQ1c&pp=sAQA

Belmarsh Inside Britain's Toughest Prison (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLRBpf-Ws6k&pp=sAQA

Better Late Than Never  Britain's Oldest Mums and Dads (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYsghicJyRU&pp=sAQA

Beyond The Law The Lines A Debt Collector Can’t Cross  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQ5tAT2XsvA&pp=sAQA

Big Brother AIDS (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArPO3We9E8E&pp=sAQA

Bioterror (Biological Weapons Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C30ZKprLSkI&pp=sAQA

Black Star A Story Of Self-Repatriation To Africa (Ancestry Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bsioBAsCDk&pp=sAQA

Blood and Money (Fight Club Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phdG8kjzWg0&pp=sAQA

Blood Business The New Cannibalism (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16EL-ZexH5A&pp=sAQA

Blue Lily Flower Power  Sacred Weeds (Narcotics Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yeodYApPYk&pp=sAQA

Body Donors My Life After Death  Part 2  (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVcgFO1bY-c&pp=sAQA

Body Donors My Life After Death (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THFhbGCI5BM&pp=sAQA

Bordering On Treason (Iraq War Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZS3R8SWJ9w&pp=sAQA

Born on the Breadline (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4f8ntZfGBI&pp=sAQA

Born Too Soon  Part 2 (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPr5mDUv_80&pp=sAQA

Born Too Soon Part One (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxM-MAyY0Pw&pp=sAQA

Boys Alone (Social Experiment Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCePbRdQmbE&pp=sAQA

BP $30 Billion Blowout (Investigative Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szwdgughGLE&pp=sAQA

Brain Man The Boy With The Incredible Brain (Superhuman Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPySn3slfXI&pp=sAQA

Breadline Kids Dispatches (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJDhnvuNgEg&pp=sAQA

Breaking The Law Dirty Cops (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08HxQHz_vm4&pp=sAQA

Breaking The Silence (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMldOG37ARU&pp=sAQA

Breaking the Silence Truth and Lies in the War on Terror  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJZxir00xjA&pp=sAQA

Breaking the Silk Ceiling  Part 1  (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrRJDarTGWw&pp=sAQA

Breaking Up With The Joneses (Divorce Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xp-HX9XuYZg&pp=sAQA

Britain on Benefits (Social Class Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a3CjWyJDj8&pp=sAQA

Britain's Biggest Brood (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aj7PXeF-YlM&pp=sAQA

Britain's Challenging Children (Child Psychology Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlMAYaYRDJE&pp=sAQA

Britain's Elderly The Forgotten Poor (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hf9W70cHFBA&pp=sAQA

Britain's High Dependency Psych Ward (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOsE3ln-skg&pp=sAQA

Britain's Most Dangerous Psychiatric Hospital (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qpX0FUDzuw&pp=sAQA

Britain's Most Notorious Gangsters London's Nefarious Underbelly (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tlxn0aVheSU&pp=sAQA

Britain's Sex Gangs (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1cFoPFF-as&pp=sAQA

Britain's Toxic Body Culture Dying For a Six Pack (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jR0GtSeV084&pp=sAQA

British Winter Storm Heroes (Extreme Weather Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozCVTbkEG1c&pp=sAQA

Brittle Bone Rapper The Inspirational World Of Sparsh  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYzWeTdr1Qw&pp=sAQA

Brought Up By Booze (George Best Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORqgry4jisE&pp=sAQA

Buddha In Suburbia (Buddhism Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CPNduwWJEM&pp=sAQA

Bus Pass Bandits (Old Age Criminals Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Eb3dq7MEeQ&pp=sAQA

Bust My Family's Debt (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMPLLx_tfq8&pp=sAQA

Call Me Dad (Domestic Violence Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-H8k-D7kYPw&pp=sAQA

Cambodia's Virginity Trade (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6qqw2a6Jw0&pp=sAQA

Cambodian Girls Who Got Dragged Into Prostitution (Trafficking Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k57s5Dq_yK4&pp=sAQA

Can Cannabis Relieve Our Pain (Narcotics Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbJZNmqhiuc&pp=sAQA

Can Cannabis Save Our Son From Severe Epilepsy (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw-ZKfoassY&pp=sAQA

Can Fashion Lovers Survive Working In A Sweat Shop (Social Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-SKTG00yeo&pp=sAQA

Can One Man Save An Entire Rainforest In Peru (Environmental Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUJo_IxoUSY&pp=sAQA

Can Our Kids Go Gender Free Part 1 (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrIcXMahB78&pp=sAQA

Can Our Kids Go Gender Free Part 2 (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DmUJcRrX48&pp=sAQA

Cancer Cure Cover-Up (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQKaCTdrmJc&pp=sAQA

Cancer Sufferer Chases her Dream of Restoring an Old Hotel (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jR1l7iUUMBs&pp=sAQA

Cat Ladies (Obsessive Cat Owners Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdMIUYqochI&pp=sAQA

Catching a Cunning Corporate Criminal Little Joe's Greatest Challenge  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOqbiwzObN8&pp=sAQA

Caught On CCTV Neighbourhood Watching In UK (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9EAoj70F90&pp=sAQA

CBS Workers Kidnapped And Murdered  Material Witness (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BjtNI4xp2I&pp=sAQA

Celebrating Eccentrics A Different Drummer (Extraordinary People Documentary) Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYyo0WiOAWI&pp=sAQA

Celebs, Brands & Fake Fans (Social Media Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZP_9smX-x7E&pp=sAQA

Chatham Island's Lone Policeman (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKTSaxdMQ4U&pp=sAQA

Cheated of Childhood (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEBz9NPioe4&pp=sAQA

Children at the Forefront of Cancer Research  Raining In My Heart (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqoTFWRniJo&pp=sAQA

Children Of Romania (Adoption Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EU7vC3wUtMo&pp=sAQA

Children's Past Lives (Reincarnation Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uq8l4XVfgPA&pp=sAQA

China's Past Shame The Dying Rooms (One-Child Policy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9K5_iGCE7RY&pp=sAQA

China's Playboy Socialists (Wealth Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBUee2B5E5w&pp=sAQA

China's Stolen Children (EMMY-NOMINATED DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4WOIRL0RZo&pp=sAQA

China's Stolen Children (Kidnapping Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpLG-qCrlEo&pp=sAQA

Chosen (BAFTA-AWARD WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WoOzqebOU1k&pp=sAQA

Chris Dorner Revenge Cop Killer (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2fOpgdHFIU&pp=sAQA

Circus Is My Home (Traveling Circus Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJfe-UBJaMI&pp=sAQA

City Of Fear (Terrorism Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjzC3FyCdrQ&pp=sAQA

Climate Chaos in the Global South (Environmental Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a-Bn5DGvG8&pp=sAQA

Closed Sea (Migrant Crisis Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H2k_a12g8E&pp=sAQA

Cluster (Mystery Deaths Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnUkAC1qmtg&pp=sAQA

Commando On The Front Line  Episode 1 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9ZS5FZIalg&pp=sAQA

Commando On The Front Line  Episode 2 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uy_KUnTow1Q&pp=sAQA

Commando On The Front Line  Episode 3 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY62mnJHChM&pp=sAQA

Commando On The Front Line  Episode 4 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LGc-aXl11w&pp=sAQA

Commando On The Front Line  Episode 5 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxATMhS3RrY&pp=sAQA

Commando On The Front Line  Episode 6 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FqvqQME70Q&pp=sAQA

Commando On The Front Line  Episode 7 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbFgDsI-SXc&pp=sAQA

Commando On The Front Line  Episode 8 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oY_xOU1nuDM&pp=sAQA

Congo's Women Warriors (War Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulws-2jmd7c&pp=sAQA

Conjoined Twins Tragedy of Hope and Faith (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCIgtFySe4I&pp=sAQA

Coronavirus How to Isolate Yourself (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67P_AANqwVI&pp=sAQA

Cosmetic Kids (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=137tKLouDlk&pp=sAQA

Crime Down Under Undercover (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zr7_Lz7Qg5g&pp=sAQA

Crime Scene Cleaners (Investigative Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEXQ9hmHiQc&pp=sAQA

Crisis Point Junior Doctor Diaries  Part 1 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyYTvkUynUM&pp=sAQA

Cult Killer (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJh2X7SAqa8&pp=sAQA

Cult Witness (Cult Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clS6USdnB58&pp=sAQA

Cults, Taboos And Twisted Faith  The Dark World Of Cults (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GD5iI3jzpoE&pp=sAQA

Danger Tourism  My North Korean Holiday (North Korea Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lra5XMTZMok&pp=sAQA

Dangerous Company The Last Days Of An International Trafficker (True Crime Story)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liTbvJCbYMs&pp=sAQA

Dangerous Love (Domestic Abuse Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yIAY2tbnOE&pp=sAQA

Darwin The Town Without A Government (Isolated Community Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvR2Ktfr8JI&pp=sAQA

Deadliest Gang In Central America  The People Vs. The Maras (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEmyl0uWwtE&pp=sAQA

Deadly Ocean California's $250 Million Oil Spill (Fossil Fuel Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHZ7vJ4Y_FA&pp=sAQA

Death Unexplained (Coroner Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kI_6DMB8-eI&pp=sAQA

Defender Of The Children (Phillipines Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqtBR5IgHw0&pp=sAQA

Defending Violent Criminals  The Briefs (Criminal Law Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q15bAd8s08I&pp=sAQA

Destination Burma (World War II Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mPCDFHD3Fk&pp=sAQA

Detective Speaks To The Dead  The Psychic Detective (Paranormal Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsOHKxjXbVY&pp=sAQA

Diana The Inquest (Princess Diana Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxYvvhBuq3c&pp=sAQA

Diana The Night She Died (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmqUIkbEosY&pp=sAQA

Diary of a Debt Collector Australia’s Toughest Repossessions  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2_Nd4_1d14&pp=sAQA

Diary Of A Mother On The Edge (Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcETh_wDPb4&pp=sAQA

Did My Dad Have Amnesia Or Is He A Liar (Family Secrets Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xO2s48V6tE4&pp=sAQA

Did the CIA Kill A Hollywood Writer  The Writer With No Hands (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkDzpt9b9WA&pp=sAQA

Die Überlebenden von Sandy Hook (Doku) - Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Rl4HbjTCzE&pp=sAQA

Disabled Daredevils (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BPlun23xZk&pp=sAQA

Dish Pigs Untold Secrets Of The Kitchen (Worker Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXAMv7lL3Ug&pp=sAQA

Divided and Damaged Northern Ireland's Peace Walls (Borders Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7-ZM3Kxjlg&pp=sAQA

Diviner's Sage  Sacred Weeds (Narcotics Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y93I329Z1ZA&pp=sAQA

Divorce Iranian Style (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYaRb070r8E&pp=sAQA

Divorce Sharia Style (Islam Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Nos1V9Rf1U&pp=sAQA

Do We Really Have Freedom Of Choice (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RO0PEXz1Yb4&pp=sAQA

Do You Believe In Aliens  Conspiracy Road Trip (UFO Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7UdgoGDkJU&pp=sAQA

Does Britain hate face tattoos These people went undercover to find out  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUAHxwBejcs&pp=sAQA

Don't Be Afraid Of Heights! Extreme High-Lining 3000m in the Air  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4Eaxk5zOvY&pp=sAQA

Don't Blame Facebook (Social Media & Justice Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRm6EjY8ZWo&pp=sAQA

Donald Trump & the Ethics of Foreign Aid (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-8poQoeV6s&pp=sAQA

Donald Trump America’s Next President (US Politics Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuNH2oG_00k&pp=sAQA

Drag Kings (Cross-Dressing Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3-7skbpioA&pp=sAQA

Dream Boxer Wheelchair Boxing - Fighting To Be Heard  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTsALf9D2NY&pp=sAQA

Drug Trial Goes Terribly Wrong Emergency At The Hospital (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9_sX93RHOk&pp=sAQA

Dying for Drugs (Pharmaceutical Investigation Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2n6xI8g5-Gw&pp=sAQA

Dying Out Loud (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pVq5-12duk&pp=sAQA

Dying Out The Last Samaritans  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ey7FB44YS0o&pp=sAQA

Dying To Be Apart (Conjoined Twins Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fzChJWFpqA&pp=sAQA

Easy Break Oven Angela's Story (Slice of Life Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ7H4sk_UOI&pp=sAQA

Eco-Home Adventures (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_hrPs9aW9Q&pp=sAQA

Egypt's Voice of Freedom (Great Mind Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8R7mDvzEAE&pp=sAQA

Ending The War How This President Won a Nobel Peace Prize  Port of Destiny Peace  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAREYlT8TgQ&pp=sAQA

Erasing Hate Transforming Racist Tattoos  Beneath the Ink  Real Stories Indie Docs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLVSzyXSjh8&pp=sAQA

Escaping a Life Sentence Redeeming the State (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12Y3NuwqEOk&pp=sAQA

Escaping Death Row... Almost (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHZL2Kk_EwE&pp=sAQA

Even More In Your Face Confronting Tattoo Prejudice (Face Tattoo Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1o5vWQfp4M&pp=sAQA

Evicted The Hidden Homeless (BAFTA WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_XBgGEZwpk&pp=sAQA

Exploring Acute Mania A Bipolar Expedition (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEzy5luaodI&pp=sAQA

Extraordinary Weddings My Paralysed Partner and Me (Love Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wCaN8OY9QM&pp=sAQA

Extreme Rescue Mont Blanc (Mountain Rescue Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLVfuwUFHbE&pp=sAQA

Facebook Follies When Social Media Takes Over (Cyber Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMz64QbqUYc&pp=sAQA

Facing Gay Conversion Therapy (Ethics Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FO2cWOYkpPg&pp=sAQA

Facing Life After Facing Death (Death Row Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8X8orIks34&pp=sAQA

Facing The Fat Fasting For 50 Days (Health Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbMpvC1Y2xA&pp=sAQA

Fake Van Gogh Village Painting 100,000 Replica Masterpieces (Fake Art Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_nKkiVk8o8&pp=sAQA

Falsely Accused Ronald Dalton's Struggle (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsNccLaVgFw&pp=sAQA

Families of Murder Victims Interview Murderers (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tM7R3RqTN7E&pp=sAQA

Family Secrets My Step-Mom Could Be Younger Than Me (Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaYMyc6gK5I&pp=sAQA

Fascinating Womanhood Return of the 50s Housewife  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vmEbSCHOt4&pp=sAQA

Fashion Factories Undercover (Investigative Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHw4HEzzsyc&pp=sAQA

Fasting To Death (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXPZE0IqpYY&pp=sAQA

Fatherland (Controversial Coming Of Age Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WALrhKkMciU&pp=sAQA

Fight For A Fair Election Vote Afghanistan (Democracy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgmZsEsREgc&pp=sAQA

Fight Like a Girl Inside the World of Female Boxing (Boxing Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgMmqAlV2gE&pp=sAQA

Fighting China's Forced Organ Harvesting (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unXw_TQSpFw&pp=sAQA

Finding Love In Japan (Japanese Marriage Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcPvL80dwZk&pp=sAQA

Finding My Gypsy Roots (Heritage Documentary) - Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyxleftfUo0&pp=sAQA

Finish Line Prince Harry's South Pole Adventure  Part 2  (Royal Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4RSIUX_MYA&pp=sAQA

First Day In Charge Junior Doctor Diaries  Part 4 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raZnTDA30OQ&pp=sAQA

Fish Story (Legendary Fish Mystery Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QskAk3rs0Rc&pp=sAQA

Flat 13 Facing Down Apartheid (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_BODSPw_kg&pp=sAQA

Fly Through the Largest Construction Project Ever Undertaken in Europe  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZ-Udb15nZw&pp=sAQA

Flying Dreams Women Airforce Pilots of WWII (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJnUfz7Ebro&pp=sAQA

For Dad With Love (Heart-Felt Short Film)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqrjyHZPq4I&pp=sAQA

For The Love Of God The Man Who Thinks He's Jesus (Cult Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXpLVmL2esw&pp=sAQA

Forbidden Love & Arranged Marriages In India (Dating Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pOJgMxvGwE&pp=sAQA

Forced Marriage Cops (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPeepNAD4fM&pp=sAQA

Forced To Marry (Investigative Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amwOFszElKs&pp=sAQA

Frame 394 An Internet Sleuth and a Police Shooting (Criminal Justice Film)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiNLg4l-PSE&pp=sAQA

Freebirthing Medication Free Childbirth (Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFDWkOOCxYs&pp=sAQA

Freeing The Innocent Fight For Justice, David & Me (Criminal Justice Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ndgf1k5BNGg&pp=sAQA

From Lobsters to Mobsters An Englishman In America (Stephen Fry Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWafoGLXLiE&pp=sAQA

From Russia With Love  Love in a Time of HIV [Part 2] (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KcAPVjZyTE&pp=sAQA

Gambling Addiction & Me  The Real Hustler (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auK_MteZ8Rg&pp=sAQA

Gangland Britain Who Are The Top Dogs Now (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mm5jgvamnc&pp=sAQA

Gangs Of Britain Glasgow (Gang Culture Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8JPe8m-160&pp=sAQA

Gangs Of Britain Liverpool (Gang Culture Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeQ5GYVUFuk&pp=sAQA

Gangsta's Paradise New Zealand's HipHop Crimewave (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSUczK5cjKQ&pp=sAQA

Gary Foley The Australian Black Panther (Spy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6ywlZQsqDE&pp=sAQA

Gay Dads (LGBTQ+ Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1OxzgQ6WOA&pp=sAQA

Gaza The Fight For Israel (Middle East Documentary) - Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exyQ724_2nk&pp=sAQA

Generation A What Next For Afghanistan (Afghanistan Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USUjaWU-ogc&pp=sAQA

Generation Boomerang Why Won't Young Adults Leave Home (Society Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUj0O-va2_0&pp=sAQA

Girl with No Limbs The Extraordinary Story of Charlotte (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVQ109-gmI0&pp=sAQA

Girls Alone (Social Experiment Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iZtdKaVsD8&pp=sAQA

Girls On Tour (Tennis Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnHcaki-PO8&pp=sAQA

Giving Birth in Indiana Women's Prison (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=az_YtxloFqM&pp=sAQA

Glitterboys And Ganglands (LGBTQ+ Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNK8FaosU10&pp=sAQA

Global Gay Fight For Human Rights (Social Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFlusK0gEhk&pp=sAQA

God Stole My Sister (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubJ6_AzVBYA&pp=sAQA

Golden Dawn Neo-Nazis in Greece (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJy_OHTuO0c&pp=sAQA

Grace Under Fire (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEX8ozwY_r4&pp=sAQA

Grassroots The Cannabis Revolution (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlQ9AFjsVK8&pp=sAQA

Groom Gets Married After Losing His Sight (Love Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtzA9Hy2qjk&pp=sAQA

Groomed By My Teacher (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HiGsHc0s4u4&pp=sAQA

Growing Up Poor Boys (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHyQYdfEdtY&pp=sAQA

Growing Up Poor Girls (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgUXPG_eiWI&pp=sAQA

Growing Up Poor in Chicago An Uneven Playing Field (Poverty & Soccer Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raJW3E2_4Nk&pp=sAQA

Growing Up With An Abuser My Dad The Paedophile (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZk4Z43zfio&pp=sAQA

Guardians Of The New World (Hacking Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUFEeuWqFPE&pp=sAQA

Gutted (BAFTA WINNING-DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DAv1dEqaK8&pp=sAQA

Guys As Dolls (Cross-Dressing Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3wNyiS2AMk&pp=sAQA

Gypsies, Tramps and Thieves (Confronting Racism Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wRYuk4SrvQ&pp=sAQA

Harold Shipman Doctor Death Who Killed 250 Patients (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_L0M-nZHXY&pp=sAQA

Havana Curveball (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9RaVEK39Yo&pp=sAQA

Having A Daughter Before Graduation  The End Of High School (Social Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAmoJeAo6Dk&pp=sAQA

Hawaii's Hidden Darkness (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZAapn0KC_I&pp=sAQA

Hayley, The 96 Year Old Schoolgirl  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuK_uolPF74&pp=sAQA

Hayley, The World's Oldest Teenager  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6IcijCQMjY&pp=sAQA

Her Majesty's Prison Norwich Families Behind Bars (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZ9LCfhbiYQ&pp=sAQA

Heroes of the Empire (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1xhazIgpBk&pp=sAQA

Hidden & Homeless (Homelessness Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JELjthd0kms&pp=sAQA

High Society Exploring The Cannabis Cafe (Narcotics Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qe4zVVLDKQk&pp=sAQA

History's Smallest Superstar The Real Tom Thumb (History Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CShh8uAXZg0&pp=sAQA

HIV Stopping the Spread  Love in a Time of HIV (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f27mJolKYsY&pp=sAQA

Holocaust Survivor Becomes Death Metal Granny  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GQMIzt01Vw&pp=sAQA

Holy Murderers El Salvador's Converted Criminals (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_O6UeOT6mks&pp=sAQA

Holy Scam or Miracle The Faith Healing Industry (Controversy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XmbHMSFUNA&pp=sAQA

Homeless & In High School (Education Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YO7Kkvi8u4U&pp=sAQA

Homeless Man Given iPhone to Document His Life on the Street  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CKLneUWZYU&pp=sAQA

Homeless People Tell Their Stories (Breadline Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9dmp3H8Bj8&pp=sAQA

Homeless Woman Given an iPhone to Document Her Experience  Home Stream  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkgVgjl81Q0&pp=sAQA

Honeymoon in Kabul (Afghanistan Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MirO8dPUAv0&pp=sAQA

Hong Kong Life in Cages (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qj7KtWhGrAE&pp=sAQA

Hookers, Hustlers, Pimps & Their Johns (Prostitution Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMFIbQSShYE&pp=sAQA

Horses Helped Him Through Deep Loss and Trauma  Inhale  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwwyzmSyb_c&pp=sAQA

How a British Farmer Became Accused of Witchcraft and Murder (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOLHvIc_6Qw&pp=sAQA

How a Private Investigator Became A Debt Collector  Little Joe  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmPpYXtvI-4&pp=sAQA

How Coroners Crack Mysterious Deaths (Coroner Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5T7kw15ehY&pp=sAQA

How Corporations Are Ruining Your Health (Food Industry Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RwIWGkMxrE&pp=sAQA

How Did Alex Lewis' Family Cope With His Illness  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODH4oZmDSkg&pp=sAQA

How Did the CIA’s Mistake Almost Lead to a Terrorist Attack  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIB6nD40ro8&pp=sAQA

How Did The KGB Kill Alexander Litvinenko (Espionage Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXOWK-Vj7_M&pp=sAQA

How Do You Reconnect With An Absent Father  Missed Call (BAFTA WINNING Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3ywuPTMa9k&pp=sAQA

How One Night Changed A Music Legend's Life  Oh, Geno! (Biographical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7y065c7JUQQ&pp=sAQA

How The Super Rich Live (Wealth Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CB-2kPE9_kQ&pp=sAQA

How The USA Created The Taliban  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9j1H330Nmo&pp=sAQA

How To Start a Sex Cult (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a29wkHBPHiY&pp=sAQA

How Will Tourism Cope In A COVID World (Culture Documentary) Real Stories Indie Docs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEkrq6yVx2E&pp=sAQA

Hunting the Legendary Nile Perch (River Monster Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtFPsY5gYSA&pp=sAQA

I Bought My Own Peruvian Rainforest (New Life Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=if8DGAtJP8k&pp=sAQA

I Heart New York  Love In A Time of HIV (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggx3vvUR6is&pp=sAQA

I Helped My Daughter Die (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTrsfzhcNlk&pp=sAQA

I Slept Under A Bridge For 6 Years To Send Money Home (Immigration Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfAT3dYNtKc&pp=sAQA

I Still Talk To My Deceased Wife!  Stories On The South Wales Dial-A-Ride  Real Stories Indie Docs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBHePC6DhKo&pp=sAQA

I'm My Mum's Carer (Young Caregiver Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGvu9PiKQCg&pp=sAQA

I've Got A Job But Why Am I Still Broke!  (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzbqmQV49-M&pp=sAQA

Igor Child Of Chernobyl (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I88w3IxO-Mg&pp=sAQA

Igor The Boy Who Dared To Dream (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxT9acRG0FM&pp=sAQA

In Cuba They're Still Dancing (Cuba Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qmzXflXB4A&pp=sAQA

In Love With My Life-Sized Doll (Full Documentary) Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ukok0oeIFoQ&pp=sAQA

In The Shadow Of Feeling (Psychopath Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6LLQ1POzhY&pp=sAQA

In Your Face Confronting Tattoo Prejudice (Social Experiment Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXMBBCrZ2SI&pp=sAQA

India's Dancing Men in Drag (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srY6VTqk2h4&pp=sAQA

Indiana Prison's Female Lifers (Jail Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um40nauAuvg&pp=sAQA

Inheritance (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5ke-rGI-Dc&pp=sAQA

Inner City Sailing (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCwe7Odjls4&pp=sAQA

Innocence for Sale Kids on South Africa's Streets (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kv35JG8g6vo&pp=sAQA

Innocents Lost (Child Neglect Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWLVyi7Fv48&pp=sAQA

Insatiable Hunger (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03DFb72zZ8w&pp=sAQA

Inside A Coroner's Office Solving Unexplained Deaths (Mysterious Death Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-o_bT5DqBAM&pp=sAQA

Inside A Crack House  US Drug Gangs Exposed (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EGK4gGtz44&pp=sAQA

Inside Broadmoor (Notorious Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4BaCt5tlgI&pp=sAQA

Inside Burma Land Of Fear (Conflict Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZUssUf8daU&pp=sAQA

Inside Hamas (IsraelPalestine Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egOnJt_m1Z8&pp=sAQA

Inside Indiana's Female Maximum Security Prison (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbUTHDxhmME&pp=sAQA

Inside North Korea Western Artists On Tour in a Dictatorship (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iZBtmTSe5I&pp=sAQA

Inside Prison Tattooing (Body Art Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3lPf18KK8k&pp=sAQA

Inside The Aftermath Of China's Disastrous Earthquake (Disaster Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzGkeLoTitM&pp=sAQA

Inside the Barber Shop Within a Maximum Security Prison  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwAM8uY8x5w&pp=sAQA

Inside The Mind Of Suicide Bombers (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpY0zJtu8Ts&pp=sAQA

Inside The Russian Far Right (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llA4CzeupoE&pp=sAQA

Intelligent Hands Death of the Craftsmen (Crafts Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foIk89ak0Wg&pp=sAQA

Intersexion Boy or Girl (Intersex Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czbQRjdGvYQ&pp=sAQA

Interview With A Murderer (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RODwEfemEBs&pp=sAQA

Interview With A Serial Killer (Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQNwjEkszvg&pp=sAQA

Into The Shadows Inside Johannesburg's Underworld (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkaWctIgjtc&pp=sAQA

Ireland's Children of Shame (Church Scandal Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWBwjR6QPhI&pp=sAQA

Is Mecca In The Wrong Place (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CavacGECZ0&pp=sAQA

Is My Vagina Pretty (Cosmetic Surgery Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dh5dJQXjHA&pp=sAQA

Is Poverty Genetic (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9esw4nt55Mc&pp=sAQA

ISIS Women Unveiled (Terrorism Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTq-AEB_3RM&pp=sAQA

Islam Unveiled (Religion Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBvFX3xzQbk&pp=sAQA

Islam, Women and Me (Religion Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27isD3jSWLQ&pp=sAQA

Israel, Palestine And Football (Middle East Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXPeV-oXngI&pp=sAQA

Jackpot (Hardcore Bingo Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDsLZWwdyX4&pp=sAQA

James Baker President-Maker (US President Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPkulMz1Fo0&pp=sAQA

James Bulger A Mother's Story (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1-iWAAm-SU&pp=sAQA

Jeffrey Dahmer The Milwaukee Cannibal (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h814QNnDZgw&pp=sAQA

Jewish And Looking For Love (Dating Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7CT7YCoMhU&pp=sAQA

Jiyan Story Of A Female Guerilla Fighter (War Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEQEidgcMhU&pp=sAQA

Jobless Life Unemployed (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5H_xgT-_wfk&pp=sAQA

John Pilger Palestine Is Still The Issue  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYF0td7Ykus&pp=sAQA

Jonny Kennedy The Man Whose Skin Fell Off (BAFTA-AWARD WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUWqyQYkZrg&pp=sAQA

Josef Fritzl's Horrifying Crime (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhLuEKZj1oo&pp=sAQA

Josie How To Make a Country Hate You (Controversial Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4jCFqIA5Uo&pp=sAQA

Juliana's Fight For Survival  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlbU51IoIh8&pp=sAQA

Just Business The Man Who Made A Family Vanish (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSkSFcOcd_U&pp=sAQA

Karosta Life After The USSR (Ghost Town Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OY-vUKlRrfU&pp=sAQA

Kelly And Her Sisters (BAFTA AWARD-WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hl5IfNnPhI0&pp=sAQA

Kentucky Teenage Vampires (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWclRSulGFQ&pp=sAQA

Kids Behind Bars (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XOjEqPFwoU&pp=sAQA

Kids In Camps (Refugee Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9EZqw7dtdA&pp=sAQA

Kids With Tourettes In Their Own Words (Tourettes Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8LiiezkAkQ&pp=sAQA

Kids, Knives & Broken Lives (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpRCj3fI4lk&pp=sAQA

Killers & Snitches Inside The Mafia (Organised Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSkAEoOA76I&pp=sAQA

Killing Rampage The Family Slayer (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KP8WZ8F3Xc&pp=sAQA

Kitty Return To Auschwitz (Holocaust Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OO6E2Lp7TA&pp=sAQA

Knife Crime Capital A Week In Cape Town's ER (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9UuBAN7848&pp=sAQA

Last Free Place in America The Lawless Slab City (Community Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKTSVWiYee8&pp=sAQA

Leaders Of The Future  Toronto's Freedom Summer Camp  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uXIWcBGgrs&pp=sAQA

Legend Of The Broken Spoke Saving Honky Tonk Heaven (Saving Landmark Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSlhLoeYHFY&pp=sAQA

Life And Death In Chicago (People, Police & Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhM_ecX6IDs&pp=sAQA

Life Before Execution  Indiana’s Death Row Inmates Part Two  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0__XpC6c-bQ&pp=sAQA

Life Inside A Sweat Shop (Social Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Js-QLGTFO9Y&pp=sAQA

Life With Mongolian Nomads (Kate Humble Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Tg6EQ4Dio0&pp=sAQA

Life With Siberian Nomads (Survival Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kIbHN7PmWQ&pp=sAQA

Lin and Ralph A Love Story (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RutWVklQszo&pp=sAQA

Linda Carty The British Woman On Death Row in Texas (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3WA-AlQRBeU&pp=sAQA

Living Dolls (Dolls Obsession Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVp9ZC47las&pp=sAQA

Living In Hell Private Violence (Domestic Abuse Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bw_yMvNxhEk&pp=sAQA

Living On Ghana's Largest Toxic E-Waste Scrapyard (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHUF53LBhgA&pp=sAQA

Living with HIV (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGpwr47j4uo&pp=sAQA

Living With Nepal's Last Nomads (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwO40irtfPw&pp=sAQA

Living With Proteus Syndrome  Can't Stop Growing (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlHIluCNAFk&pp=sAQA

Living Without Water (Water Shortage Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yg39zyoF26o&pp=sAQA

Lock Up Your Sons (Psychological Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ivX19FwXak&pp=sAQA

London 77 Bombings Debunking The Myths (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oMMatsr7QI&pp=sAQA

London to South Africa Can Travel Change Young People's Lives (Social Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28XnCdl0-bk&pp=sAQA

Looking For Mercy (Robert Mugabe Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKbARZktqLY&pp=sAQA

Looking For Mike (Mysterious Death Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLQp1c4Ql00&pp=sAQA

Lost Orphan A Home For Mirela  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mswWZtkyHAg&pp=sAQA

Love (Human Psychology Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yb-1q3cH1ks&pp=sAQA

Love And Sex In China (Chinese Dating Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E23ER7YMpUY&pp=sAQA

Love And Sex In Japan  Visiting Japan's Cuddle Cafes  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5FE7gkONZs&pp=sAQA

Love Life Death In A Day (Circle of Life Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YdONfW6RDk&pp=sAQA

Lumberjack Lives (Man Vs. Nature Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VKlc0OO2Uw&pp=sAQA

Lust, Betrayal & Corruption A Chinese Murder Mystery (True Crime Story)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3Iw0UJM1BU&pp=sAQA

Mad About Parkour! (Free Running Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dZ62Nqnc-Y&pp=sAQA

Mafia Women With Trevor McDonald (Organized Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c20pjCm3m3w&pp=sAQA

Mafia Women With Trevor McDonald Part 2 (Organized Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpHehQNrHcY&pp=sAQA

Magic Mushroom Medical Trial (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGN2l-XY_EE&pp=sAQA

Magic Truffles Can Psychedelics Treat Depression  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHNP-vXuo4Q&pp=sAQA

Making A Fresh Start In The UK  The Romanians Are Coming (Immigration Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvNt9XWJRPk&pp=sAQA

Maksim Gelman Behind the NYC Stabbing Spree (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l82pinnlw3Y&pp=sAQA

Malaysia's Underground Skin Trade (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbM__cGq_aA&pp=sAQA

Malcolm and Barbara Love's Farewell (Alzheimer's Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYDxZQXYT5k&pp=sAQA

Mandy’s Choice Having My Dead Husband’s Baby (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uF6f2gZ6uo&pp=sAQA

Maximum Security Men  Indiana’s Death Row Inmates Part Two  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tqypS2cm0g&pp=sAQA

Medical Story Aspergers And Me (Chris Packham Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4tLlIzMGjM&pp=sAQA

Medjugorje Myth or Miracle (Miracle Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSaJ3AaaKnY&pp=sAQA

Meet Nambia's First Female Trawler Captain  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kclb_nH9A4o&pp=sAQA

Meet The World's Greatest Prankster (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r49HlSsxlDc&pp=sAQA

Meeting The Real Rain Man  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36K1HQvUdWg&pp=sAQA

Men At War Meeting the Anti-Feminist Movement (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JP9ucyoJraQ&pp=sAQA

Meningitis Search For A Cure (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c4LKg8gwA0&pp=sAQA

Michelle Obama Forward Motion (Biographical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ec8P9PAyjS8&pp=sAQA

Million Pound Movers How Rich People Relocate (Luxury Home Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErGlp8Jbs-4&pp=sAQA

Millionaire Neighbors At War (Super Rich Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gE0Cc3XHSE&pp=sAQA

Mini Me Me Me Kids Who Want It All (Celebrity Children Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjxwt-1LPws&pp=sAQA

Missed Call (BAFTA Winning Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cS_WtQbkY8s&pp=sAQA

Mo Farah Why I Run (Athletics Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOih2pGxYLA&pp=sAQA

Monster In The Mind (Alzheimer's Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqdM5UzpvMQ&pp=sAQA

Mr. Connolly Has ALS (Beloved Teacher Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25Fy0gRyn8c&pp=sAQA

Mugabe's Legacy Zimbabwe's Forgotten Children (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0mKndUkWik&pp=sAQA

Muhammed Ali Fighting Spirit (Life of a Legend Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_VB5zF3_TA&pp=sAQA

Mum And Me (Alzheimer's Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GRqdduFdRY&pp=sAQA

Mum Loves Drugs, Not Me (BAFTA-NOMINATED DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRZsj3Cmdkw&pp=sAQA

Mum, Heroin and Me (Addiction Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeD8cXtMk_c&pp=sAQA

Mum, I Want A Sex Change (LGBTQ+ Kids Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qV8b8hsQups&pp=sAQA

Mum, I'm a Muslim (Religious Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJv4UEHI40o&pp=sAQA

Murder in Cape Town Who Killed Bruno Bronn (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdG26FqhX14&pp=sAQA

Murder In Pacific Paradise (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Y_VviQLcnk&pp=sAQA

Murder In Paradise (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VV-_vdVoLMY&pp=sAQA

Murdered By My Family  Banaz An Honour Killing (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qn-VhFHkUoY&pp=sAQA

Murderers and Their Mothers Fred and Rosemary West (Serial Killer Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4009uRxpoTA&pp=sAQA

Murdering The Nanny (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icWCCRlKVv8&pp=sAQA

Muslim And Looking For Love (Dating Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjPnZL7MMtw&pp=sAQA

My 20-Year Coma (Medical Miracle Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsnXzgIa6YE&pp=sAQA

My Big Fat Asian Wedding (Wedding Planner Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZn5eAO_bgE&pp=sAQA

My Breasts Or My Life (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pvo8JrZSaM8&pp=sAQA

My Car Is My Lover (Unique Love Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P38RMNGgdY8&pp=sAQA

My Child Is A Monkey (Extraordinary Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XooaIOnsjB0&pp=sAQA

My Extra Chromosome And Me (Down's Syndrome Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zCoEa5WRBs&pp=sAQA

My Family, Partition and Me India 70 Years Ago (Family History Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RQePrEnWSQ&pp=sAQA

My Kid Can't Stop Eating (Childhood Obesity Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_PRHuuoeCs&pp=sAQA

My Kidnapper (Abduction Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiHUrW4o1MQ&pp=sAQA

My Killer Dad On Death Row (Texas Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzLtHVIO0TY&pp=sAQA

My Life After 911 An Arab In America (Society Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPwPt7sfdnI&pp=sAQA

My Life After Guantanamo Bay (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8TPt2asjOs&pp=sAQA

My Mom Got Tourettes (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_C3XnHI3j8&pp=sAQA

My Mother The Monster (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo6vtYfvN_8&pp=sAQA

My Mother, Diana (Royal Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvR7vOx3ZBk&pp=sAQA

My Mums Used To Be Men (Rainbow Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuSRYh0DzVY&pp=sAQA

My Parents Are Cousins (Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkxuKe2wOMs&pp=sAQA

My Really Cool Legs! (Inspirational Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ybtmhP75e0&pp=sAQA

My Sister The Geisha (Tokyo Red Light District Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MH97r_4lQ1c&pp=sAQA

My Six Wives And 29 Children (Polygamy Documentary)  Real Stories 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqORJHyNWJc&pp=sAQA

My Skin Could Kill Me (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yu3I6mg8wyY&pp=sAQA

My Son The Jihadi (BAFTA WINNING-DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN5IV6wUFbM&pp=sAQA

My Street (British Culture Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGglXmm0-l4&pp=sAQA

My Unborn Twin Is The Mother Of My Children  Chimera (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFf5gKiTGlo&pp=sAQA

Myra Hindley Britain's Most Hated Woman (Serial Killer Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQ8eKB5fJRk&pp=sAQA

Mysterious Explosion in Siberia 20 Years Laters (Natural Phenomenon Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O30ytTSRHpo&pp=sAQA

Mystic Artist On A Mission For Mankind  Billsville  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaVKIb9nLJg&pp=sAQA

Nailing The Nail Bomber (Criminal Investigation Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K9WLAvI2to&pp=sAQA

Nazi Temple Of Doom  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mmssOTrNeg&pp=sAQA

New Zealand's Happiest Pig & Other Stories (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciRfywulVpg&pp=sAQA

Norm (Extraordinary Person Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RUpnbdmnzA&pp=sAQA

North Korean Orphans Open Up About How They Survive  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUxIRSdc5y8&pp=sAQA

Notorious Gangs of Manchester From Victorian Era to Today (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LQFKNjTcd0&pp=sAQA

Objectified (Homelessness Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRi_OCA2HiM&pp=sAQA

Obsessed Super-Fans Who Risk Everything (Obsessive Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFcS9z-brkc&pp=sAQA

Obsessive Compulsive My Mum Is A Hoarder (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=so-F7tKkOjI&pp=sAQA

Oil Wars Sudan Torn Apart (Civil War Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4t9TCMjBXZY&pp=sAQA

Olly Alexander Growing Up Gay  LGBT+ Community And Mental Health  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfrq7y1PqBo&pp=sAQA

On The Front Line Fighting The The Taliban (Modern Warfare Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtC1hVA7pXE&pp=sAQA

One Man Enters One of the World's Most Secretive States  The Happy Dictator (Full Documentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp3FAZSeW-M&pp=sAQA

One Under (London Underground Suicide Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pua3xLoM4WM&pp=sAQA

Orphans of Nkandla (BAFTA-WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE3Qnzumjwk&pp=sAQA

Orthodox Hoarders Of New York  Thy Father's Chair (Hoarders Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9NQ4tfRe7k&pp=sAQA

Our Home In The Desert Life Inside A Refugee Camp (Refugee Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igPVUi2HeH0&pp=sAQA

Our Sensei with No Eyes Growing an Army of the Blind  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmH9cMx4PMw&pp=sAQA

Our Trans Swimming Club (LGBTQ+ Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGABIN3ZRr4&pp=sAQA

Pakistan's Transgenders Hidden Lives (LGBTQ+ Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvehhXaFh8U&pp=sAQA

Palestinians Locked Inside Israel's Maximum Security Prison (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw4hTN-bQNI&pp=sAQA

Pansy! (LGBTQ+ Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zU0LrSyCycA&pp=sAQA

Paper Children (Niños de papel)  Inside America’s Overwhelmed Asylum System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdsPSkFXrD4&pp=sAQA

Paper Children (Niños de papel)  Love brings a family together. Will a system tear them apart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb9_SRuyKGc&pp=sAQA

Paying the Price The Killing of the Children of Iraq (John Pilger Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSe5QidAI3s&pp=sAQA

Persons of Interest The Student Revolutionary (Espionage Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=355IWktXtNA&pp=sAQA

Pet Poisoners (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dW-JR8TA9F8&pp=sAQA

Pirates Of Somalia (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEiDDCuIHjg&pp=sAQA

Plan Andinia A New Jewish State (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gvgy-t9V6Uw&pp=sAQA

Pledging My Purity To Dad (Celibacy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mhez8t8IFs&pp=sAQA

Polygamist Tries To Woo Son's Teenage Girlfriend  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUsLZQYd5Cc&pp=sAQA

Poor Kids Below The Poverty Line (Child Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9aSp9bFmMg&pp=sAQA

Poor Kids of Lagos (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2c6fGRnprA&pp=sAQA

Pretty Boys (Male Model Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jb-PCB3uCK0&pp=sAQA

Preying On Young Boys  Pakistan's Hidden Predators (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMp2wm0VMUs&pp=sAQA

Prime Suspect (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZGvsaa8nhY&pp=sAQA

Prince Charles and Prince William Royal Rivals (Royal Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4ylW4PcIPE&pp=sAQA

Princess Diana How To Live After Death (Royal Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWqQtIkEjC4&pp=sAQA

Prison Songs Australia's Musical Aboriginal Inmates (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DRm5XWFgYc&pp=sAQA

Prophet For Profit South Africa's Millionaire Preacher (Wealth Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=On18k9npMus&pp=sAQA

Proxy Weddings We Got Married While 863 Miles Apart From Each Other!  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNw77vDQ6TQ&pp=sAQA

Pumpkin Movie (Halloween Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5ZZVcw0SI4&pp=sAQA

Punk Attitude (Music Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEw6eDfII2o&pp=sAQA

Pure O Thinking the Unthinkable (Extreme OCD Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Vixj8lSEws&pp=sAQA

Put Some Toe In Your Drink! The Sour Toe Cannibal (Funny Short Film)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSbV-2uL-oU&pp=sAQA

Quads A Struggle For Life (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrMAyUjK55g&pp=sAQA

Racism, Eviction & Poverty Roma Gypsies Struggle To Survive (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkkkmC6v8TM&pp=sAQA

Radioman The Homeless Movie Star! (Inspiring Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldZeDnnGrNI&pp=sAQA

Rare Cancer Took My Face  The Woman With No Face (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEXrqhrHOzc&pp=sAQA

Real Stories Channel Trailer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ain_6IwEvAU&pp=sAQA

Real Stories Podcast Ep 2 w directors Joya Berrow and Lucy Jane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69cATp2AKJk&pp=sAQA

Real Stories Podcast Episode 1  Missed Call  Teaser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr8NlqWirnQ&pp=sAQA

REAL STORIES TAPES TRUE CRIME WITH STEPHANIE BAUER [OFFICIAL TRAILER]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_s_g_ziko8&pp=sAQA

Rebuilding Trust The City That Sat Down With The Police (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dX2QOYZknXg&pp=sAQA

Rejected Ukraine’s Unwanted Children (Child Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pbOxn0o-m4&pp=sAQA

Reporters at War Bringing It All Back Home (EMMY AWARD WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfg2CxDqeI8&pp=sAQA

Reporters At War Dying To Tell A Story (EMMY AWARD WINNING)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdQCsugwzDY&pp=sAQA

Reporters at War War, Lies & Videotape (EMMY AWARD-WINNING Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAJBxJTSNkU&pp=sAQA

Reverend Death Making a Living Out Of Assisted Suicide (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5v4wr713t4&pp=sAQA

Rich Russians (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Igm_3tTpv0g&pp=sAQA

Rise of The Superstar Vloggers (Vlogging Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_rn1h_tCaQ&pp=sAQA

Risking Your Life in the Mediterranean (Crisis Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmKnLblR5nM&pp=sAQA

Road to Roxham  Official Trailer  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CEey7SAlGY&pp=sAQA

Road To Roxham The Immigrants Leaving America For Canada  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXb3LR0FtbY&pp=sAQA

Rough Justice Arizona's Toughest Female Prisoners (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jrJYotXhwQ&pp=sAQA

Royal Chef Reveals Secrets of The Royal Kitchen (Royal Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=did6mMxAI6U&pp=sAQA

Royal Wedding Bali Style (Royalty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQx9vbxY15Y&pp=sAQA

Russia's Forgotten Orphans  Children of the State (Orphanage Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QO4YrvR9KSA&pp=sAQA

Russia's Teen Model Factory Extreme Beauty (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEYH4NVmJvA&pp=sAQA

Sabrina Daddy's Girl (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=do42AE9q8dI&pp=sAQA

Sacred Weeds  Part One (Narcotics Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQepGtmpUR4&pp=sAQA

Saving the Slumdog Donkeys (Animal Rights Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAE05WPzdKo&pp=sAQA

Scared Of My Shadow (Paranoia Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7bnj0lhaJ0&pp=sAQA

School for Stutterers (Speech Impediment Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNkOeIBKZNs&pp=sAQA

School Girl Killer (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3it3fMR-To&pp=sAQA

Scientology Mysterious Deaths (Religious Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTtzc7sTZ-8&pp=sAQA

Scream Halloween Special (Paranormal Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHoe2_BwNmA&pp=sAQA

Searching For  Real Stories Trailer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHqbOJjl8_w&pp=sAQA

Secret Intersex Born Genderless (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reilipcN4_Y&pp=sAQA

Secret Intersex Neither Boy Nor Girl (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVHq8wb19jo&pp=sAQA

Secrets of Saudi Arabia Inside the State (Culture Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7WYpi1S1mY&pp=sAQA

Segregated America A High School in South Carolina (Education Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZDfd9ijDFI&pp=sAQA

Selling Sex To Survive (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rvm1BIsM1zI&pp=sAQA

Semisweet Life In Chocolate (Food Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJqj5orzANM&pp=sAQA

Senna A Personal Memoir (Famous Figure Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mb46pGM0uiE&pp=sAQA

Seventy With A Six Pack (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N_YiyiwonY&pp=sAQA

Sex, Death and the Gods (Indian Culture Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPBIT_hhd_w&pp=sAQA

Sextuplets The Little Lambs (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6V77p20u69U&pp=sAQA

Shootouts & Snitches The Brutal Gangs of Sheffield (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSQZD6nqtPU&pp=sAQA

Shot At Dawn World War One Special (Desertion Documentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpH4guoKnYI&pp=sAQA

Should I End My Life  Victor's Last Class (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAia_RpxMLE&pp=sAQA

Skinny Kids (Body Dysmorphia Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0ZN6p8dXSk&pp=sAQA

Slavery A Global Investigation (Modern Slavery Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfdibtC4RYg&pp=sAQA

Sleepwalkers Secrets Of The Night (Psychology Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Shof6NPNqg0&pp=sAQA

Small Miracles (Childbirth Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCdVmLJY2TY&pp=sAQA

Snatched (Kidnapping Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IeniwBE0Gk&pp=sAQA

Sorie Kondi, the Blind Busker (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmL12LRekjY&pp=sAQA

Sorry I Shot You (Restorative Justice Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lf6Pk4CJnII&pp=sAQA

Spoiling My Child Rotten (Child Health Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XegW4wTG9s&pp=sAQA

Squeezed Like Lemons Italy In Crisis (Political Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYOQf99fNiI&pp=sAQA

Sri Lanka's Killing Fields (Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3yPzyM0KMU&pp=sAQA

Stabbed at School The Boy Who Killed His Teacher (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LcIuVTAXso&pp=sAQA

Stabbed Britain's Knife Problem (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHt_Fd_MevI&pp=sAQA

Standing Army (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0kR-2HAsMM&pp=sAQA

Starting My Own Backyard Wrestling League  From Parts Unknown  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQikX-zxpdY&pp=sAQA

Stem Cells Medical Miracle Or Science Gone Too Far (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nv14cCbU8t0&pp=sAQA

Stolen Brides (Kidnapping Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LuyQPCThI4&pp=sAQA

Stolen Land Fracking's Tragic Dirty Secrets (Emmy-Winning Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F46o7R9TU7Y&pp=sAQA

Storm Rider (Forest Fire Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twW8rgoM2Ks&pp=sAQA

Stranger In The Family (Autism Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZOfjMXNPik&pp=sAQA

Strategy of Silence (Cover-Up Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nC-xPA8eizM&pp=sAQA

Strictly Kosher (Jewish Culture Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uvkz6UEmi4Y&pp=sAQA

Strictly Soulmates Christians (Dating Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD_ENoZ55YE&pp=sAQA

Strictly Soulmates Young, Muslim & In Love (Relationship Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bn78zvkkcn4&pp=sAQA

Subic Bay’s Sex Bars  The Children Of The Sex Trade (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxQm6xyDGdo&pp=sAQA

Suicide And Me What Drove My Dad To End It All (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDiBDAyL_dQ&pp=sAQA

Suing The Police  The Briefs (Criminal Law Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLcvDw75oFs&pp=sAQA

Superhuman Geniuses (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvDuqW9SFT8&pp=sAQA

Superstrong Superhumans (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anzb9vEH5q4&pp=sAQA

Surf Girls Jamaica (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaTUYaSD-wA&pp=sAQA

Surviving A&E Junior Doctor Diaries  Part 2 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e92lvrAp8vo&pp=sAQA

Surviving American High School Becoming a Teen Father (Social Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z67doq_XK9U&pp=sAQA

Surviving Guantanamo Bay (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l28pCjRInl8&pp=sAQA

Surviving High School and Chicago Winter (Homelessness Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FX3QgQIbVy4&pp=sAQA

Suspicious Death of a Blind Woman What Happened to Holly Bartlett (Crime Story)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szxyOJNTYZ0&pp=sAQA

Swim the Channel (Wholesome Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnzqa4jyR20&pp=sAQA

Take a Haunting Aerial Tour of an Abandoned Theme Park (Drones In Forbidden Zones)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_mdqleBWNU&pp=sAQA

Take Me To Prom (Award-Winning Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OactzjSAlT4&pp=sAQA

Take Pride In Your Natural Hair! Nancy's Workshop (Feel-Good Short Film)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfAfK42hBq8&pp=sAQA

Taking On the Taliban The Life of US Troops in Afghanistan (War POV Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqOqui0OyV4&pp=sAQA

Tamer's Dream (Refugee Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFG0z0_Ae88&pp=sAQA

TB Return Of The Plague (Disease Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xLd76RMMyk&pp=sAQA

Tearing my Family Apart (Separation Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkKLs6pGKEM&pp=sAQA

Ted Kazinsky The Real Unabomber (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPlCBpILQ8c&pp=sAQA

Teenage Japanese Killers (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0K7nycw6Cs&pp=sAQA

Teenager on the Run The Legend of the Barefoot Bandit (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=144TR3ejIts&pp=sAQA

Teenager Tries To Reunite Her Dysfunctional Family  Communion (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibhVoPbp27M&pp=sAQA

Teenagers From Hell (Rebellious Children Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLCvWcrD_yw&pp=sAQA

Teens Waiting For Marriage The True Love Waits Movement (Abstinence Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPQNO_rMYnQ&pp=sAQA

Texas Teenage Virgins (Virginity Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ptrf6-fb6Q&pp=sAQA

The 2 Million Calorie Buffet (Overeating Documentary)  Real Stories 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urEwGu7GO-s&pp=sAQA

The Abortion Hotline (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32ik1Ad8KZY&pp=sAQA

The Angel Of Death (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MYYt_REXQA&pp=sAQA

The Big Eat (Competitive Eating Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhtQ8JyhaHA&pp=sAQA

The Big Gyspy Eviction (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAYyCte8nHQ&pp=sAQA

The Bigamist Bride My Five Husbands (Polyandry Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clsrL6F0wKM&pp=sAQA

The Billion Dollar Industry Of Sex Trafficking (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ydmpSw-pmM&pp=sAQA

The Bluebeard Case (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4foWUpoWwxI&pp=sAQA

The Boy They Call Chucky (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zadfpRwNRwQ&pp=sAQA

The Boy Who Can Never Grow Old (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqu0PClV_tE&pp=sAQA

The Boy Who Can't Forget (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Bnu0UrgxBg&pp=sAQA

The Boy Who Rushed (Missing Person Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsMuX8af1Bo&pp=sAQA

The Boy Who'll Never Grow Up (Extraordinary Person Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1b8nnZVg_3c&pp=sAQA

The Boys Joined At The Head  Journey To Separation (Conjoined Twins Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2A-TwTNMss&pp=sAQA

The Briefs  Part One (Criminal Law Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWTcg8Ye6fI&pp=sAQA

The British Boy Who Tried To Murder Donald Trump (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwP6J3t19PY&pp=sAQA

The Brothers Who Aged Backwards (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duMN992KfiY&pp=sAQA

The Cancer Gene In the Family (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82Vm6Z7RzoM&pp=sAQA

The Cardboard Train (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P515S52reuU&pp=sAQA

The Child Who's Addicted To Vodka  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWU1YlYgkBc&pp=sAQA

The Children Left Behind (Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bd1dJbP6hD0&pp=sAQA

The Children Left Behind By War  My Dad's Army (War Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dI0LVVJBdyY&pp=sAQA

The Church Code of Silence (Corrupt Priest Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3Mdd56mx3o&pp=sAQA

The CIA’s Secret Experiments (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXHBF5O5uAM&pp=sAQA

The Coffee Man How to Be a World Champion Barista (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOP2Y12r3oI&t=2s&pp=sAQA

The Cost of Sushi Emptying The Seas (Environmental Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGst82DiJyc&pp=sAQA

The D.C. Snipers A Man and a Boy (Tragedy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3MYY4SN8ts&pp=sAQA

The Day I Snapped (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoI1pC3Dtg8&pp=sAQA

The Death of Kurt Cobain Was All As It Seemed (Investigative Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXrZp9bNS2s&pp=sAQA

The Devil Operation (Corporation Vs. People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkI10sRQQ5A&pp=sAQA

The Devil's Children (Witch Children Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuCk_w1nA7k&pp=sAQA

The Doctor Who Gave Up Drugs Episode 1 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_ggnhpGvvA&pp=sAQA

The Doctor Who Gave Up Drugs Episode 2 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjn4f8YHhfU&pp=sAQA

The Dreamers (Immigration Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pljarY7BCn4&pp=sAQA

The End Of Ageing (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_nzwflugeg&pp=sAQA

The End of Truth (Conflict Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5c6IOxzX5g&pp=sAQA

The Entity (Sleep Paralysis Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jthU9G5PSho&pp=sAQA

The Ex-Godfather Life After The Mafia (Organized Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUS_e4qV4Ek&pp=sAQA

The Extraordinary Case of Alex Lewis (Miracle Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMqeMcIO_9w&pp=sAQA

The Extraordinary Story Of 4 Identical Children (Quadruplets Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeNMYomttUw&pp=sAQA

The Fall of El Chapo (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpwDFXxlS4k&pp=sAQA

The Fall Of The Berlin Wall What Happened (Borders Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gG0U5DD0mpw&pp=sAQA

The Families Forced Into Homelessness No Place To Call Home (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1IziIrfCp4&pp=sAQA

The Farmer Who Took On Monsanto (David Vs. Goliath Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwLy9q7Eoj4&pp=sAQA

The Fat Virus (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzrEobx70n8&pp=sAQA

The Fearless Kingpin Behind Pablo Escobar (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfF9kczp5gc&pp=sAQA

The Final Cut (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6muV8Eqk1wQ&pp=sAQA

The French Connection Inside The New Mafias (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xqe4pbXTRvU&pp=sAQA

The French Jack The Ripper (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZR1I1wBJUe4&pp=sAQA

The Girl With The New Face (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjpTVYVM5wQ&pp=sAQA

The Great Sperm Race (Human Reproduction Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qegAMEZ_Ok&pp=sAQA

The Green Line The Wall that Stands Between Two Warring Factions  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MK52T9ULsuI&pp=sAQA

The Green-Fingered Thief (Bizarre Crime Story)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-I-3dNavQU&pp=sAQA

The Gun Store (Gun Violence Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-UThVLd_jY&pp=sAQA

The Hair-In-Hand Killer (True Crime Story)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDznYjOKJ9E&pp=sAQA

The Haircut (Light-Hearted Short Film)  Real Stories Indie Docs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVsSN1TzizA&pp=sAQA

The Hard-Knock Life of a Bouncer (Night-Life Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jwSaCUbEWQ&pp=sAQA

The Human Camera (Autistic Savant Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phkNgC8Vxj4&pp=sAQA

The ICE Epidemic Australia's Deadly Addiction (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhLzeLO0e84&pp=sAQA

The Impossible Journey Of Marathon Boy (Inspirational Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRX1NVqP8p0&pp=sAQA

The Indian Miracle (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGkKjtduZSc&pp=sAQA

The Insider Violent Mexican Drug Cartels In Acapulco (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ke9aJaHH8HM&pp=sAQA

The Jonestown Massacre Paradise Lost (Cult Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWqACvTknls&pp=sAQA

The Killer Taxi Driver (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7V7eD8cxlE&pp=sAQA

The Killing Spree That Changed UK Gun Laws Hungerford Massacre (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wW7fGe745A&pp=sAQA

The King And His People The Swazi's Struggle (Monarchy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vC9ZOKBZVrA&pp=sAQA

The Last Coal Miners (Injustice Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DNng0Ca39s&pp=sAQA

The Last Dukes (British Aristocracy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_5guNuh0hU&pp=sAQA

The Last Prayer Christians in the Middle East (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-E1n9Nz-is&pp=sAQA

The Legends Of Santa (Christmas Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crocEiyluyk&pp=sAQA

The Life Of President-Elect Joe Biden From Tragedy To Triumph  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VaqzkOs4-UU&pp=sAQA

The Liquid Bomb Plot (Terrorism Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIJFiqy35KM&pp=sAQA

The Lost Orphan Mirela's Story (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkmf5Dkmujg&pp=sAQA

The Lovers Who Killed Children (Serial Killer Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IN8uMzvbglY&pp=sAQA

The Luton Double Murders (Murder Investigation Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRcjw5e1Bvw&pp=sAQA

The Mafia's Secret Bunkers (Organised Crime Documentary)  Real Stories 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9aZwvfVnfI&pp=sAQA

The Man Who Ate Himself To Death (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucvlKvnUdgg&pp=sAQA

The Man Who Built A Yacht In His Garden & Sailed It Around The World  Kiwi Breeze  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMWaLcYeBYk&pp=sAQA

The Man Who Killed Versace (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKbqs3DlDIE&pp=sAQA

The Man Who Lives Without Money (A Different Drummer)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chVKpyjmE6w&pp=sAQA

The Man Who Loved The Number 12 (Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQWsfdwa14U&pp=sAQA

The Man Who Shared His Liver (Organ Donor Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vfHu7eGj08&pp=sAQA

The Man Who Skied Down Everest (Oscar-Winning Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViFmRQx66Xg&pp=sAQA

The Man With The Seven Second Memory (Amnesia Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_P7Y0-wgos&pp=sAQA

The Masses (Multicultural Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Docs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6zqz_jZKHc&pp=sAQA

The Men Who Profit When Businesses Fail The Liquidators (Business Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMXS5aJF788&pp=sAQA

The Men With Many Wives (Polygamy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxU5Xhyljvs&pp=sAQA

The Middle Men (Human Interest Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9qzLXH2EWQ&pp=sAQA

The Miracle Baby Of Haiti (Medical Miracle Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLwmGQjuME0&pp=sAQA

The Missing (Missing Person Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1EkZK6ChIk&pp=sAQA

The Mom Who Lost All of Her Children In Separate Shootings  Walk Good  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8kJ8Ca7zcY&pp=sAQA

The Murderous Poet (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTdo-agVVdo&pp=sAQA

The Mysterious Man Behind The Bellman Equation (Hidden Figure Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8I6LIV-c5I&pp=sAQA

The Nurture Room (Child Psychology Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XFjLdNO4FU&pp=sAQA

The Paedophile Next Door (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClRxuu-Pd4Y&pp=sAQA

The Panama Papers Behind the Scheme (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTlzLADvLfA&pp=sAQA

The Path to Shaolin (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pD95gU0KeZs&pp=sAQA

The Perilous Life of an Australian Debt Collector  Little Joe  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3-e4YJOfi0&pp=sAQA

The Picnic (Adoption Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfHVZe0mQIc&pp=sAQA

The Price of Fairness (Social Experiment Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jCoioOMGTU&pp=sAQA

The Price Of Going Undercover (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqsaOADmNK4&pp=sAQA

The Prince (Royalty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6TYK2WBqUY&pp=sAQA

The Process Will the PalestineIsrael Conflict Ever End (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9iItrmKY9k&pp=sAQA

The Real Pablo Escobar Exposed (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPZu4_6SjF4&pp=sAQA

The Real Peaky Blinders  Infamous Gangs Of Birmingham (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7urznBqo0w4&pp=sAQA

The Red Lion (British Drinking Culture Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFKVMDj04Dg&pp=sAQA

The Regretful Life of a Death Row Executioner (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JS5avm0g-4&pp=sAQA

The Robbery that Went Wrong Teen Sentenced to Life (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEIpH_bofFU&pp=sAQA

The Roux Legacy (Episode 1)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DoKhfJFmGs&pp=sAQA

The Roux Legacy (Episode 2)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eqhbIDd0A4&pp=sAQA

The Roux Legacy (Episode 3)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bk5lMoKX88g&pp=sAQA

The Rules of the Game (Cultural Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdtQyIphI0M&pp=sAQA

The Russians Are Coming (Super Rich Russians Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zIeW4sOom8&pp=sAQA

The Serpent's Tooth (Spy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ob_Y8F23ULw&pp=sAQA

The Sham Marriage Racket (Immigration Law Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OutNNbD6lfE&pp=sAQA

The Snowflake Generation  Rise Of The Trolls (Online Bullying Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3f6pbQn4Zg&pp=sAQA

The Soleilland Case (Full Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnVE4f0j8Zk&pp=sAQA

The Spider’s Web Britain’s Second Empire (British Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdEKbbhxiUE&pp=sAQA

The Square Egypt At War (Oscar-Nominated Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a6SLuVtiVU&pp=sAQA

The Stolen Spain's Missing Babies (Trafficking Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZJqHGP_P98&pp=sAQA

The Story of an Ageing Stuntman  The Guy  Real Stories Indie Docs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XuTWsE8T5Rk&pp=sAQA

The Story Of Britain's Youngest Serial Killer (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGMXuIxiMFE&pp=sAQA

The Story of the Jewish Neo-Nazi Surviving My Skinhead Past (Redemption Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hpqt6IMzvuQ&pp=sAQA

The Struggles of the Roma (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8u2GpBItvbw&pp=sAQA

The Suicide Tourist Our Right To Die Together (Euthanasia Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJk-Qj-k7dY&pp=sAQA

The Town That Took On The Taxman (Tax Revolt Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipV_GU7YaQg&pp=sAQA

The Tragic Story Of Flight 93 (911 Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBbVCfJfQQY&pp=sAQA

The Transplant Trade (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVGfsTm21Bk&pp=sAQA

The Trouble with Atheism (Religious Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6MrktRKfJU&pp=sAQA

The Truth About 911  The British Conspiracy Road Trip (US History Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WirEgSaCzeQ&pp=sAQA

The Truth about French Women (Culture Documentary)  Real Storie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hB1uhLhTxaw&pp=sAQA

The Truth About Your Teeth (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPwwJgw5xio&pp=sAQA

The Truth About Your Teeth Episode 2 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3J9wTyRKD4U&pp=sAQA

The Unknown Runner (Underdog Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzJbfqui9GA&pp=sAQA

The Viral Dancing Filipino Prisoners (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEawuJ4hvec&pp=sAQA

The Wall That Divides North And South Korea (Borders Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxGp5-PDkzk&pp=sAQA

The Wall That Divides The U.S. & Mexico (Busy Border Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xg37oP80QKw&pp=sAQA

The Walton Sextuplets At 30 (Amazing Humans Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGdKp-QgcX4&pp=sAQA

The White Slums Of South Africa (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba3E-Ha5Efc&pp=sAQA

The White Widow (Samantha Lewthwaite Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmVmi_5dtJs&pp=sAQA

The Winner Loser (Extraordinary Person Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnEb2hkcTC8&pp=sAQA

The Witches' Brew (Narcotics Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sM84rkfZK-U&pp=sAQA

The World's Only LGBT Political Party (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFxfTUSgmuM&pp=sAQA

The World's Smallest Muscleman (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-6zRlW7QHI&pp=sAQA

These Men Work in an Active Volcano  Gate of Hell (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0ykAORCvxU&pp=sAQA

These Recovering Addicts Formed The Ultimate Orchestra (Inspirational Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qxo2LYKP5ic&pp=sAQA

These Social Media Addicts Had to Go Cold Turkey for One Week  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0AyUVv9z08&pp=sAQA

These War Veterans Were Sick of Hollywood Military Movies So They Made Their Own!  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0vL6g24W7A&pp=sAQA

These Women Had Babies in Indiana Women's Prison (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gj9tTiacKZY&pp=sAQA

This Cashier Can Do Amazing Things With Numbers! (Savant Short Film)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lR4AB6dKBv4&pp=sAQA

This Girl Has Two Faces (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVSxLFM3ABE&pp=sAQA

This Heavily Tattooed Man Wears Make Up To See How People Treat Him  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGE1yWnSvv4&pp=sAQA

This Presenter Was Challenged To Survive In The Ghetto For Just One Month  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkJSQ3_tFf8&pp=sAQA

This Woman Wears Fake Tattoos To See If People Will Treat Her Differently  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tadfza2g4to&pp=sAQA

Three Convicted Abusers Face Group Therapy  Group (Domestic Abuse Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBYsP8CjRGY&pp=sAQA

Three Couples Who Overcame Life-Changing Injuries (Love Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1-lDcTSrIU&pp=sAQA

Three Girls Who Lived and Died Online (Inspirational Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPQrt6sw9RU&pp=sAQA

Through The Eyes Of Children (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fQggqiLsWc&pp=sAQA

Thrown Into The Deep End Junior Doctor Diaries  Part 3 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKWgzSS5ifo&pp=sAQA

Tony I've Lost My Family (Young Runaway Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u54d_3_qM_Q&pp=sAQA

Too Fat To Toddle (Childhood Obesity Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HW_e8iFwL_s&pp=sAQA

Too Scared For School (Bullying Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vo5CDev36gI&pp=sAQA

Tourettes And Me (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTcDhf--IT4&pp=sAQA

Trafficked In Suburbia (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xOtOpbAZo8&pp=sAQA

Tragedy On The Train Tracks (Coroner's Office Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aF8zA6umlag&pp=sAQA

Transforming Gender (Transgender Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B67OVJTyV0I&pp=sAQA

Transforming Terrible Tattoos The Cover Artist (Uplifting Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbUcX2enfXQ&pp=sAQA

Trapped By The Internet The Elodie Morel Case (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjdB2Qm_XQI&pp=sAQA

Trapped Cash Bail In America  Official Trailer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAgTsVjlN9w&pp=sAQA

Trapped Cash Bail In America
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNzNBn2iuq0&pp=sAQA

Trapped Miners Behind The Chile 33 (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udRv8jQri5k&pp=sAQA

Trauma, Abuse & Painting Soul Energy Jay's Story  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrValsqPqBQ&pp=sAQA

Travelling On Trash (Adventure Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFISoqWGSZg&pp=sAQA

Trawlermen's Lives (Extreme Jobs Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjsgD7xcaU0&pp=sAQA

Trial Of A Child Denied (Female Sterilisation Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oqip2Mh_D2Y&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story Britain's First Female Life Sentence (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2UPB1GFmtc&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story Dr Death - Britain's Biggest Serial Killer (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-KVuVjmjmU&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story Hunting Raoul Moat (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-z1FxN_Kc1I&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story Mississippi Burning (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8cVY-E5eyg&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story Murder At The Station [Part 1] (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f73hmdHDFiM&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story Murder at the Station [Part 2] (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2VAFHCV-d8&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story Murder In Suburbia (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrOcyEh733w&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story Searching For Akia Eggleston (Missing Persons Series)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOFdcsQZNxY&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story Searching For Jenna Van Gelderen (Missing Persons Series)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmgW0cAacOw&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story Searching For Nancy Moyer (Missing Persons Series)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6m5r64VRI8c&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story The Killer Caretaker (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OF6z5DTeSDQ&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story The Nightmare Nurse (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eerUbqV6Md4&pp=sAQA

True Crime Story Was Charles Manson Born To Kill (Psychopath Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgyLGLwIBeI&pp=sAQA

Tupamaro Urban Guerrillas (Vigilante Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65PoxDg09Hw&pp=sAQA

Turning Muslim in Texas (Religion Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pO3ip2kRfw&pp=sAQA

Twilight Of The Yakuza (Organised Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojdt50q_Htk&pp=sAQA

Two Children with Undiagnosed Disabilities  The Unconditional  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dNk3GR1Y0Q&pp=sAQA

Two Weeks Living On The Streets Britain's Poverty Problem (Breadline Story)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfBg3X4cG58&pp=sAQA

UK and US Families Swap Lives (Culture Clash Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-VHKTRfOPs&pp=sAQA

Ukweli (Truth)  A New Original Documentary  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmN56_LWTxs&pp=sAQA

Ultimate Girl Gang Britain's Biggest Shoplifting Network (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMHZOUCfFzY&pp=sAQA

Under Attack Being Gay In Russia (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZE-HnXGb6A&pp=sAQA

Undercover Crossing the Line (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij6p-oYAV6Y&pp=sAQA

Unforgiven The Boys Who Killed A Child (Jamie Bulger Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrkQe4tyJnQ&pp=sAQA

Unholy War Into Afghanistan (Afghanistan Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L85mCqwEcHU&pp=sAQA

Untouchable Love (Forbidden Love Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIN5ySSYuZ4&pp=sAQA

Unveiled Honour Killings (Honour Killing Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98JWUtdj_Vg&pp=sAQA

Vanished The Missing Surrey Schoolgirl (Unsolved Case Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfkAO8VcKBg&pp=sAQA

Veterans Vs. Poachers (Wildlife Protection Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_8fM660tSY&pp=sAQA

Violet Vixen (Drag Kid Documentary)  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9ZqQ52S9h0&pp=sAQA

Virgin Soldiers (Modern Military Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKJaJIWD7ts&pp=sAQA

Visiting Dad in Prison  American High School In The South (Social Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avgQtchoMBM&pp=sAQA

Voodoo Killing The Boy in the Thames (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjSenI4kJao&pp=sAQA

Walk With The Wounded Prince Harry's Arctic Adventure  Part 1  (Royal Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sev9HpP4HCs&pp=sAQA

Walking On Landmines (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pC_O7d1iv8w&pp=sAQA

War Child Children Of Gaza (Conflict Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ul0C8BJbLiM&pp=sAQA

Wedding Days (Marriage Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op9C7QkDXlE&pp=sAQA

What Happened to Burma's Royal Family (Fallen Monarch Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-F4qEWgihQ&pp=sAQA

What Happened To Special Constable Nisha (Murder Investigation Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pop53FPiBWM&pp=sAQA

What Happened to The World's Fair (History Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_l6dVP0lFI&pp=sAQA

What Killed The American Middle Class (Financial Crash Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCX__y00GG0&pp=sAQA

What Made Fred West a Notorious Serial Killer (Crime Documentary)  Born To Kill  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bY0PqtRsX_A&pp=sAQA

What Really Killed Michael Jackson (Mystery Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lc3fzQzsA00&pp=sAQA

What Went Wrong in Chicago America's Most Segregated City (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ot7xCM-Oeig&pp=sAQA

What Would Make A Dad Kill His Two Daughters (Honor Killing Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EUfxrtFGzA&pp=sAQA

When Churchill Met Stalin  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoWB6SR90lk&pp=sAQA

When Cops Kill Two Black Men A Week (Police Brutality Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAyXZEfP1Ts&pp=sAQA

When Dogs Grow Old  In Dog Years  (Animal Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Docs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC6IwyhN54M&pp=sAQA

When Rich People Break The Law (Wealth Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbnCVDK504s&pp=sAQA

Where Does Fake News Come From (Social Media Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3ZrWkteQ00&pp=sAQA

White, Male and Working Class Left Behind (Professor Green Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVWaHgvEQUo&pp=sAQA

Who Killed Capitalism (Global Crash Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPSkhgXMPJ8&pp=sAQA

Who REALLY Killed Sam Cooke (Murder Mystery Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6FEFy30o3o&pp=sAQA

Why Are My Friends Killing Themselves (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzkAahsr5qY&pp=sAQA

Why Did People Vote For Trump (Politics Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vl4UW6I0-cI&pp=sAQA

Why Is Everything Made In China (Mass Production Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNXTX4_NrFo&pp=sAQA

Why Men Wear Dresses (Transvestite Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mf7dCZrQ5sg&pp=sAQA

Woman Travels To Japan To Find Long-Lost Childhood Friend  Finding Fukue  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nza96WBvdak&pp=sAQA

Women in the Arab World  A Revolution in Four Seasons (Global Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUI1GVLHm_g&pp=sAQA

Working 100 Hours A Week To Just About Make It (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZVErGOKc6c&pp=sAQA

Working In Asia's Largest Slum The Clothing Factory (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ku237i8oGJI&pp=sAQA

World Of Weird The One With LARPing and Bearded Ladies (Subculture Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FEVihCc5So&pp=sAQA

World Of Weird The One With Prancercise and Body Pillows (Subculture Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDFpTH-jo0Y&pp=sAQA

World War 2 1941 And The Man Of Steel  Part 1 (WW2 Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7wRjfvoTC8&pp=sAQA

World War 2 1941 And The Man Of Steel  Part 2 (WW2 Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NG-IpMjtXY&pp=sAQA

World's Best Chefs Assemble as World's Best Restaurant Closes (Culinary Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzF5JOFK6sE&pp=sAQA

World's Best Monster Mystery Loch Ness (Mystery Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynUunC3YFkM&pp=sAQA

World's Biggest Boy  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qucv8-8yrms&pp=sAQA

World's Smallest People (Little People Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7jSrKZ2WYw&pp=sAQA

Would You Help This Woman  Real Stories Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWaiDYHDHhM&pp=sAQA

Would You Turn Your Cat Into A Drone  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lW0hyg4kfaw&pp=sAQA

YEOOO!! 72 Hours in Belfast's Holylands (St. Patrick's Day Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdU9_yDGLSg&pp=sAQA

You Asked to See the Monster... (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCEYFxJRcGM&pp=sAQA

You'll Never Walk Alone The Song That Changed Everything (Culture Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjriA6oDjdw&pp=sAQA

You, Me and Cancer (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FSZzt90RMk&pp=sAQA

Young Carers Looking After Mum (Family Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u63MbY8CCDA&pp=sAQA

Zero Tolerance (School Shooter Documentary)  Real Stories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWWeysV6CC8&pp=sAQA
Real Stories