
1.  #0 JavaScript Tutorial  Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDwSnnhl1Ng

2.  #0 JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners  Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlbupGCBV6w

3.  #1 Getting Started  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POPLF-Qc0OU

4.  #1 JavaScript Tutorial  Why you should Learn JavaScript Today.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxWO8Sd8PoY

5.  #10 JavaScript Tutorial  Switch case.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWQUBfWaxBw

6.  #10 Relational operators in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gG0ynX_Sfx4

7.  #11 JavaScript Tutorial  For Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIA0J4vJBHQ

8.  #11 Logical Operators in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuRJ1aCj8Ro

9.  #12 Conditional Statements If Else in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_iO9WuoWaM

10.  #12 JavaScript Tutorial  While loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osOEz3SwyVk

11.  #13 JavaScript Tutorial  Do While loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGG56ae5_GM

12.  #13 Ternary Operator in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBCOx4CqBz0

13.  #14 JavaScript Tutorial  Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eL0RGZ0GddE

14.  #14 Switch Statement in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJPsOFfvEQA

15.  #15 JavaScript Tutorial  Scope of Variables  Global vs Local.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAWAnn9y8yw

16.  #15 Template Literal in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4Kh5gw4PRE

17.  #16 JavaScript Tutorial  Introduction to Array.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrT8-9I4WnE

18.  #16 While loop in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h84MlHv6g4Q

19.  #17 For Loop in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcwTB9fBzP0

20.  #17 JavaScript Tutorial  Introduction to Objects p.1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0IdE51JE80

21.  #18 JavaScript Tutorial  Objects p.2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U08iJitN2ao

22.  #18 While vs For Loop  Which to use and When.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBHOo-6xn4A

23.  #19 Objects in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1dWe3f2zm0

24.  #19 Starting with DOM Manipulations in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmPgo2lyoLY

25.  #2 JavaScript Tutorial  What is Dom  Document Object Model.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GxpmQ54aqg

26.  #2 NodeJS, VS Code Installation  JavaScript Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxZKLKfjaRg

27.  #20 Complex Object, Delete Property in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weEDSjNYzv4

28.  #20 Taking Input from user in JavaScript  TextBox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lThuZY0-S_8

29.  #21 For in loop in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PVcUUj_ke4

30.  #21 Taking Input from Radiobuttons in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3Oc4IUP0XI

31.  #22 Functions in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwOW-qlJtxg

32.  #22 Taking Input from SelectBox in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CYqRMl3iL8

33.  #23 Function return and passing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCU7vicLCgA

34.  #23 getElementByTagName method in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlD-tpyVs10

35.  #24 Function Expression in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ly8tCGFWA

36.  #24 getElementByClassName method in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pqLp51w7dw

37.  #25 Change Image onmouseover and onmouseout events in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiiXLmqhndU

38.  #25 Local-Global Variable  Default Value in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnAU1dLY7gY

39.  #26 Arrow function in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJOJPealurs

40.  #26 Form Validations in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAUxi3f9HB0

41.  #27 Form Validations in JavaScript part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUdjmZ2-fEU

42.  #27 What are Methods in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r72b1ScPLY

43.  #28 Regular Expressions in JavaScript Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeIRHETbcLs

44.  #28 What is this  JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE93zNJBCBw

45.  #29 Regular Expressions in JavaScript  Character Sets and Ranges.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBFTQuLgnfg

46.  #29 Why it is called THIS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiqqAAvb16Q

47.  #3 JavaScript Tutorial   First Hello World Program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5xesmmiREU

48.  #3 Variables in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOkU5HxES1o

49.  #30 Mobile Number Validation in JavaScript using Regular Expression.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0Lzrytqt0U

50.  #31 Email Validation in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPVx-zGFh0w

51.  #32 Debugging in JavaScript using Chrome Dev tools  Console Log Method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmVEddplwbo

52.  #33 Timing Functions in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OVaxR6yKSI

53.  #34 Fade In Fade Out animations in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5g-hpYSppk

54.  #35 Zoom In Zoom Out effect in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Op6xdhXVHI

55.  #36 Introduction to jQuery library  Setting jQuery in Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i32p6HvYC1A

56.  #37 JQuery Selectors Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0oMC7n4HOY

57.  #38 JQuery Selectors Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkTnujtikq4

58.  #39 Events in JQuery Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lC87M6jumA

59.  #4 Constants in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wsy7nhFnfbM

60.  #4 JavaScript Tutorials  Statements and comments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWX2eoi3bOc

61.  #40 Events in JQuery Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaQNtfb2TX4

62.  #41 Effects in JQuery Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obrU4sevMu0

63.  #42 JQuery Animate Effect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFj4VWlpEQk

64.  #43 Callback and Chaining in JQuery Effects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3b_JvFep_E

65.  #44  JQuery DOM Manipulations Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFnlvhG0OgY

66.  #45 JQuery DOM Manipulations Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ux2pQE49FCQ

67.  #46 JQuery DOM Manipulations Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suv1OnOtfY4

68.  #47 JQuery DOM Manipulations Part 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BV1veI8LGj0

69.  #48 JQuery UI Including JQuery UI in Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ioxuzw7VI0I

70.  #5 Data Types in JavaScript - 1  JavaScript Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCwQY8inRvU

71.  #5 JavaScript Tutorial  VS code Theme & Live Server Plugin Setup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85kQIRkTdRQ

72.  #6 Data Types in JavaScript - 2  JavaScript Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GXpB9EMLWM

73.  #6 JavaScript Tutorial  Variables & Data Types.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hrd3SfCCXZw

74.  #7 History of JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MsfBokJiSs

75.  #7 JavaScript Tutorial  Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULNJSTSJc7s

76.  #8 JavaScript Tutorial  Control Statements  Theory.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-JoZ_UxwB8

77.  #8 Type Conversion & Coercion in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFiVtqe1osM

78.  #9 Arithmetic Operators in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otYwi_wW9Hk

79.  #9 JavaScript Tutorial  If Else Control Statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QbgVJR0_to

80.  Accordion Widget Control in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lg4V7sQ27X0

81.  Array methods in JavaScripts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yv1h-QKt_KQ

82.  Autocomplete Widget in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7QsXzUXXOA

83.  Constructor function in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tV7ZqcB9J3Y

84.  Creating Array and Fetching Elements in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TScHu-37Cqw

85.  Date Picker Widget Control in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7FugJvHrmw

86.  Different types of data in Array.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eADCg1R5_sk

87.  Draggable Interaction in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LynjytfeY4U

88.  For of Loop with an Array in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c69Y2GpF6-U

89.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 1  What is JavaScript .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bebNAsxuf8

90.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 10  Logical Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPGSABTupKg

91.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 11  Type Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2Wjboyvwnk

92.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 12   Bitwise Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UexYxYFOkYY

93.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 13  If Else If statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jj0YdPkmNus

94.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 14  Switch Case statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gB4Y7VLNfFk

95.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 15  For Loops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tusK5sJl6BM

96.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 16  While and do while loops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjsGFBcrsTk

97.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 17  Arrays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PoLAFJuwHQ

98.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 18  Array Methods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARJid8eJyGU

99.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 19  Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UogmKKdidO4

100.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 2  This is How JavaScript was created.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5_OV8BjypE

101.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 20  OOP  Classes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2OjHCUIHNc

102.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 21  OOP  Encapsulation with example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYa_NiOUTQo

103.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 22  OOP  Inheritance with example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2c-cK4qxo2A

104.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 23  Prototype.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hY7YQxh4qyg

105.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 24  OOP  Polymorphism with example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxMUJ9-Pb2E

106.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 25  OOP  Abstraction with example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jM0WcyQWMSM

107.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 3  How JavaScript Works.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oFK808fYPE

108.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 4  Editors and IDE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avOS0IsVPFo

109.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 5  Hello World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWed051U6ao

110.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 6  Comments and Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STyV3XGTQN0

111.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 7  Operators - Arithmetic Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPvM8vplh-8

112.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 8  Assignment Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zSWTR4q6zw

113.  JavaScript Beginners Tutorial 9  Comparison Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwOTbF1kEcU

114.  JavaScript Tutorial - The next step.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GlwwViOjo8

115.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 01 - Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpZLS6R91rQ

116.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 02 - Statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkw8QXIcmU4

117.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 03 - Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhKWfiNCoSY

118.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 04 - Variables Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UR71iavwMkE

119.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 05 - Using an external file.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r--dRuIiV7A

120.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 06 - Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk6X_iFUGwU

121.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 07 - Functions Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYClv_fqiBU

122.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 08 - Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWdTfi-68Bo

123.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 09 - Conditionals Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNtYWDpdQ1w

124.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 10 - Conditionals Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znYh4QRkQ-M

125.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 11 - Loops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8fjcoCHNAg

126.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 12 - Loops Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDzWA8yPnIY

127.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 13 - Function and if statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQxgdzr3vIw

128.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 14 - Return statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdGmpTcNZXQ

129.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 15 - Global and local variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbwH8uwP7r8

130.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 16 - Pass by value.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dnO292L_p4

131.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 17 - Arrays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6tEmBPOARQ

132.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 18 - Objects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSCz0ZopvIs

133.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 19 - Objects Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7Ze-_Wqs3Y

134.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 20 - Objects Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRbIOUKsHpY

135.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 21 - Objects Part 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mO3Qx6kIx0

136.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 22 - String Object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUmBsIzg94g

137.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 23 - Math Object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9z9lcPhZpiY

138.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 24 - Date Object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOoJTeJ8KXU

139.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 25 - Document Object Model.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWUT97Ne7V4

140.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 26 - getElementById method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4-6JOQX9v4

141.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 27 - getElementsByTagName method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwMgOMfelC8

142.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 28 - getElementsByTagName Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzBmQbcr1ls

143.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 29 - getElementsByClassName.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChLd2yFp-lA

144.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 30 - Replace content using innerHTML.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlaYyZ6vW48

145.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 31 - Reading content using innerHTML.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWdVc-KWXJ4

146.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 32 - Changing an image.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFyHJF94Eng

147.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 33 - Intro to events.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VYuk9uqu04

148.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 34 - The mouseover event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka033dkRJi0

149.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 35 - Change image with mouseover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0o4HQ_TYP9A

150.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 36 - Creating a new element.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OOj_d3Zdig

151.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 37 - Creating a new element Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvWnkj8nh8Y

152.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 38 - Remove element.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VV2npCATMGM

153.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 39 - Create attribute.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbcB8CroByk

154.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 40 - Traversing the DOM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_89UCU8PQU

155.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 41 - Traversing the DOM Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNXW5czcob8

156.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 42 - Traversing the DOM Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPC3d-zb8Yk

157.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 43 - Form Validation Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bl59zGI1gCA

158.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 44 - Form Validation Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZj2unIbWCM

159.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 45 - Form Validation Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpMnYWQSxJE

160.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 46 - Form Validation Part 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gM8I7NywAcg

161.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 47 - Form Validation Part 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSQ1iwioapc

162.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 48 - Placement of script tag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-LOCQDNX_0

163.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 49 - Follow up session.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Qfk-nBSQUQ

164.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 50 - Confirmation box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUe3pvKib44

165.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 51 - More on Objects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaRzNWzILD0

166.  JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners - 52 - Windows object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGd7YtiGZYE

167.  Message Box Widget in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyQ8YMyEMao

168.  Resizable Interaction in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAixvKyTVik

169.  Sortable Interaction in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2n-ScrqH2tg

170.  Support Telusko.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bwd9hr5Fz5E

171.  Theming Theme Roller Customizations in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xVs_BqC9-w

172.  Tooltip Widget Control in JQuery UI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CkuF-BRlr4

173.  Visual Studio Code  How to use git and github.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fk12ELJ9Bww

174.  Visual Studio Code Beginner Tutorial  Learn VS Code in 7 steps  Windows and Mac OS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7eoHDrw-aU

175.  Widget Modifications in JQuery UI using Getter and Setter Methods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plW-fvEi3zs
JavaScript Tutorial for Beginners