
1.  13-Year-Old Sentenced to 170 Years in Prison  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEcvWYn1x9E&pp=sAQA

2.  15 Personalities in One Woman (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojzZ4L2rmSY&pp=sAQA

3.  16-Year-Old Was Wrongly Imprisoned for 29 Years After Forced Confession  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NCyAityay8&pp=sAQA

4.  17 Kids And Counting (Big Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHXPAPTFPvc&pp=sAQA

5.  17 Years in Prison War Veteran Falsely Accused of Murder (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIw8AOwcaBQ&pp=sAQA

6.  2000 Tattoos, Don’t Judge Me (Tattoo Prejudice Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tl0D2ogpdSw&pp=sAQA

7.  31 Days in the Ghetto Can I Survive as a Homeless Man (Breadline Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24xUaAfW5D0&pp=sAQA

8.  34 Years in Prison Wrongly Convicted of Murder And Assault (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daU8lksApPE&pp=sAQA

9.  7 Days Inside Texas' Terrifying Jail (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkDNhCXtPIc&pp=sAQA

10.  97`% Owned (Global Finance Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFGhkgQ8pYM&pp=sAQA

11.  A British Girl Comes to Terms with Her Twin Sister's ISIS Links  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2mLqo39L9M&pp=sAQA

12.  A Drone Flies Through PostApocalyptic Cooling Towers (Drones In Forbidden Zones)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fS5FOIC3ijM&pp=sAQA

13.  A Fragile Dream Football and Hope on the Streets of Rio (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUhzE3UAWlQ&pp=sAQA

14.  A Journey into the Mind of a Killer  The Fisherman (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODcxHJAyDpU&pp=sAQA

15.  A Mother Brings Her Son To Be Shot (Family Conflict Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuYUqcm5tgk&pp=sAQA

16.  A Mother's Twisted Love (Cancer Hoax Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuOJpikr5hQ&pp=sAQA

17.  A Murder In The Family (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vABOFleXLJQ&pp=sAQA

18.  A School In The South  Being White In A Mostly Black School (Education Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQYujYS-F-w&pp=sAQA

19.  A Stone In Our Heart (Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXi2PXULLBc&pp=sAQA

20.  A Syrian Love Story  An Odyssey To Political Freedom (Refugee Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cszDhR1BhqE&pp=sAQA

21.  A Walk To Beautiful (EMMY AWARD WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUe5QChQyvg&pp=sAQA

22.  A World Without Water (Global Warming Documentary).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlfMBQGZUvQ&pp=sAQA

23.  Abducted (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqQpceO6ENo&pp=sAQA

24.  Abducted By North Korea (North Korea Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjkrY8WrsgU&pp=sAQA

25.  Abducted for Jesus (Ethics Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKSjY8AFIYQ&pp=sAQA

26.  Acid Attack Naomi's Tragic Story (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4W6ufXy-rk&pp=sAQA

27.  Addicts' Symphony (Addiction Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8E2NWDgc8w&pp=sAQA

28.  ADHD Out of Control Kids (MedicalParenting Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRYl9Bf0yhs&pp=sAQA

29.  Adopted By The West China's Abandoned Children (Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgHzL8Gjau4&pp=sAQA

30.  Afghan Memento (Road Trip & Travel Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DvZf89vyNY&pp=sAQA

31.  Afghanistan's Emerald Mines (Hidden Gem Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGEKVCCZraU&pp=sAQA

32.  Africa Rising (Foreign Aid Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aWdFNNNrmU&pp=sAQA

33.  After The Apocalypse (Soviet Nuclear Testing Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRXm1evB2Rg&pp=sAQA

34.  Airbnb Dream Or Nightmare (Rental Market Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Hc7eP-CP7g&pp=sAQA

35.  Alex Lewis Answers Your Questions  YouTube Q&A  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-O7EuZb224&pp=sAQA

36.  Alice And Her Six Dads (Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8ADEzyNOYM&pp=sAQA

37.  All Creatures Great and Stuffed (Extraordinary Taxidermy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xv4SKptth0&pp=sAQA

38.  Along Gaddafi's Road (Libya Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OatO13H89Uk&pp=sAQA

39.  Am I a Psychopath (Psychology Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3vlYpvnZ7o&pp=sAQA

40.  America's Culture War Racism and the USA (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUDvxmRi_qc&pp=sAQA

41.  America's First Climate Change Refugees (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDNPQE0Wn0Q&pp=sAQA

42.  America's Legendary Sinking Town  The Curse & The Jubilee  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BNPCI2utm0&pp=sAQA

43.  America's Oldest Interracial Newlyweds Edith + Eddie (Oscar-Nominated Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flXYxQVmdxc&pp=sAQA

44.  America's Self-Styled Toughest Sheriff Chain Gang Girls (Female Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_HieKs7cGA&pp=sAQA

45.  America's Worst Heist (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgfLd8K8s3Y&pp=sAQA

46.  American and British Families Swap Lives (Culture Clash Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkT9WtJ5X3g&pp=sAQA

47.  American And Chinese Tensions From Trade War To Military Strikes (War Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0WJ1CyC2IQ&pp=sAQA

48.  American Vampires Halloween Special (Vampire Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTewbZrZOoA&pp=sAQA

49.  Americana Swaperama From Leeds to Louisville (Life Swap Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ivq4j1_miIg&pp=sAQA

50.  Amnesia and Me (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgCwM7vXN24&pp=sAQA

51.  An Almost Perfect Murder (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdB6aYXVO-A&pp=sAQA

52.  Anatomy of a Giant (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNGwwMQZZ6I&pp=sAQA

53.  Animal Imitators (Weird and Wonderful Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-Y-qXVa0uE&pp=sAQA

54.  Annie Out of the Ashes (Extraordinary Person Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7HQ-YPGLuo&pp=sAQA

55.  Apollo 17 The Last Men on the Moon (Space Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJ0wep3qiO0&pp=sAQA

56.  Aspiring Lawyer Who Spent 28 Years In Prison (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lvw3wd9dlPM&pp=sAQA

57.  Attack Of The Drones (Military Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfNIuvGSqRs&pp=sAQA

58.  Australia's Number One Communist (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaBqB0P5kT0&pp=sAQA

59.  Australia’s Most Unorthodox Debt Collector  Little Joe  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bGFof35ICE&pp=sAQA

60.  Autism Challenging Behaviour (Controversial Autism Treatment Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g71FXJA0C6I&pp=sAQA

61.  Autistic Metallica Fan Wants To Meet His Hero, Drummer Lars Ulrich!  Mission To Lars  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUIESf0g56M&pp=sAQA

62.  Babies At 50 (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8fmVDj4eEM&pp=sAQA

63.  Backstabbers and Beauty Queens (Beauty Pageant Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yyeouz4L5NQ&pp=sAQA

64.  BAKUR Inside the PKK (Kurdish Militant Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1et3O5ngqRU&pp=sAQA

65.  Beautiful Faces (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSvgaGZ0iYw&pp=sAQA

66.  Beauty and Bravery Who Will Be Crowned Miss Tibet (Pageant Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3w4g1_TcS4&pp=sAQA

67.  Beauty Pageant Babies All Grown Up  Painted Babies (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jBmR79Lo7o&pp=sAQA

68.  Becoming Julia (Gender Transition Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNjV37vp5qk&pp=sAQA

69.  Behind Closed Doors (BAFTA AWARD NOMINATED DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZS1JSwBNKM&pp=sAQA

70.  Being A Singer With HIV  Love In A Time Of HIV [Part 1] (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP1NI5XwKog&pp=sAQA

71.  Being Bipolar (Psychology Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0MEF-RWtBA&pp=sAQA

72.  Being Blamed For Your Child's Autism  Refrigerator Mothers (Social Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ayzc6_DzI8&pp=sAQA

73.  Being Terri Britain's Youngest Burns Survivor (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qua06L9wQ1c&pp=sAQA

74.  Belmarsh Inside Britain's Toughest Prison (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLRBpf-Ws6k&pp=sAQA

75.  Better Late Than Never  Britain's Oldest Mums and Dads (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYsghicJyRU&pp=sAQA

76.  Beyond The Law The Lines A Debt Collector Can’t Cross  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQ5tAT2XsvA&pp=sAQA

77.  Big Brother AIDS (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArPO3We9E8E&pp=sAQA

78.  Bioterror (Biological Weapons Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C30ZKprLSkI&pp=sAQA

79.  Black Star A Story Of Self-Repatriation To Africa (Ancestry Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bsioBAsCDk&pp=sAQA

80.  Blood and Money (Fight Club Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phdG8kjzWg0&pp=sAQA

81.  Blood Business The New Cannibalism (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16EL-ZexH5A&pp=sAQA

82.  Blue Lily Flower Power  Sacred Weeds (Narcotics Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yeodYApPYk&pp=sAQA

83.  Body Donors My Life After Death  Part 2  (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVcgFO1bY-c&pp=sAQA

84.  Body Donors My Life After Death (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THFhbGCI5BM&pp=sAQA

85.  Bordering On Treason (Iraq War Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZS3R8SWJ9w&pp=sAQA

86.  Born on the Breadline (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4f8ntZfGBI&pp=sAQA

87.  Born Too Soon  Part 2 (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GPr5mDUv_80&pp=sAQA

88.  Born Too Soon Part One (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxM-MAyY0Pw&pp=sAQA

89.  Boys Alone (Social Experiment Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCePbRdQmbE&pp=sAQA

90.  BP $30 Billion Blowout (Investigative Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szwdgughGLE&pp=sAQA

91.  Brain Man The Boy With The Incredible Brain (Superhuman Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPySn3slfXI&pp=sAQA

92.  Breadline Kids Dispatches (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJDhnvuNgEg&pp=sAQA

93.  Breaking The Law Dirty Cops (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08HxQHz_vm4&pp=sAQA

94.  Breaking The Silence (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMldOG37ARU&pp=sAQA

95.  Breaking the Silence Truth and Lies in the War on Terror  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJZxir00xjA&pp=sAQA

96.  Breaking the Silk Ceiling  Part 1  (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrRJDarTGWw&pp=sAQA

97.  Breaking Up With The Joneses (Divorce Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xp-HX9XuYZg&pp=sAQA

98.  Britain on Benefits (Social Class Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a3CjWyJDj8&pp=sAQA

99.  Britain's Biggest Brood (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aj7PXeF-YlM&pp=sAQA

100.  Britain's Challenging Children (Child Psychology Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlMAYaYRDJE&pp=sAQA

101.  Britain's Elderly The Forgotten Poor (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hf9W70cHFBA&pp=sAQA

102.  Britain's High Dependency Psych Ward (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOsE3ln-skg&pp=sAQA

103.  Britain's Most Dangerous Psychiatric Hospital (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qpX0FUDzuw&pp=sAQA

104.  Britain's Most Notorious Gangsters London's Nefarious Underbelly (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tlxn0aVheSU&pp=sAQA

105.  Britain's Sex Gangs (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1cFoPFF-as&pp=sAQA

106.  Britain's Toxic Body Culture Dying For a Six Pack (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jR0GtSeV084&pp=sAQA

107.  British Winter Storm Heroes (Extreme Weather Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozCVTbkEG1c&pp=sAQA

108.  Brittle Bone Rapper The Inspirational World Of Sparsh  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYzWeTdr1Qw&pp=sAQA

109.  Brought Up By Booze (George Best Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORqgry4jisE&pp=sAQA

110.  Buddha In Suburbia (Buddhism Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CPNduwWJEM&pp=sAQA

111.  Bus Pass Bandits (Old Age Criminals Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Eb3dq7MEeQ&pp=sAQA

112.  Bust My Family's Debt (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMPLLx_tfq8&pp=sAQA

113.  Call Me Dad (Domestic Violence Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-H8k-D7kYPw&pp=sAQA

114.  Cambodia's Virginity Trade (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6qqw2a6Jw0&pp=sAQA

115.  Cambodian Girls Who Got Dragged Into Prostitution (Trafficking Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k57s5Dq_yK4&pp=sAQA

116.  Can Cannabis Relieve Our Pain (Narcotics Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbJZNmqhiuc&pp=sAQA

117.  Can Cannabis Save Our Son From Severe Epilepsy (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw-ZKfoassY&pp=sAQA

118.  Can Fashion Lovers Survive Working In A Sweat Shop (Social Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-SKTG00yeo&pp=sAQA

119.  Can One Man Save An Entire Rainforest In Peru (Environmental Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUJo_IxoUSY&pp=sAQA

120.  Can Our Kids Go Gender Free Part 1 (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrIcXMahB78&pp=sAQA

121.  Can Our Kids Go Gender Free Part 2 (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DmUJcRrX48&pp=sAQA

122.  Cancer Cure Cover-Up (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQKaCTdrmJc&pp=sAQA

123.  Cancer Sufferer Chases her Dream of Restoring an Old Hotel (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jR1l7iUUMBs&pp=sAQA

124.  Cat Ladies (Obsessive Cat Owners Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdMIUYqochI&pp=sAQA

125.  Catching a Cunning Corporate Criminal Little Joe's Greatest Challenge  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOqbiwzObN8&pp=sAQA

126.  Caught On CCTV Neighbourhood Watching In UK (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9EAoj70F90&pp=sAQA

127.  CBS Workers Kidnapped And Murdered  Material Witness (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BjtNI4xp2I&pp=sAQA

128.  Celebrating Eccentrics A Different Drummer (Extraordinary People Documentary) Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYyo0WiOAWI&pp=sAQA

129.  Celebs, Brands & Fake Fans (Social Media Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZP_9smX-x7E&pp=sAQA

130.  Chatham Island's Lone Policeman (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKTSaxdMQ4U&pp=sAQA

131.  Cheated of Childhood (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEBz9NPioe4&pp=sAQA

132.  Children at the Forefront of Cancer Research  Raining In My Heart (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqoTFWRniJo&pp=sAQA

133.  Children Of Romania (Adoption Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EU7vC3wUtMo&pp=sAQA

134.  Children's Past Lives (Reincarnation Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uq8l4XVfgPA&pp=sAQA

135.  China's Past Shame The Dying Rooms (One-Child Policy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9K5_iGCE7RY&pp=sAQA

136.  China's Playboy Socialists (Wealth Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBUee2B5E5w&pp=sAQA

137.  China's Stolen Children (EMMY-NOMINATED DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4WOIRL0RZo&pp=sAQA

138.  China's Stolen Children (Kidnapping Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpLG-qCrlEo&pp=sAQA

139.  Chosen (BAFTA-AWARD WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WoOzqebOU1k&pp=sAQA

140.  Chris Dorner Revenge Cop Killer (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2fOpgdHFIU&pp=sAQA

141.  Circus Is My Home (Traveling Circus Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJfe-UBJaMI&pp=sAQA

142.  City Of Fear (Terrorism Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjzC3FyCdrQ&pp=sAQA

143.  Climate Chaos in the Global South (Environmental Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a-Bn5DGvG8&pp=sAQA

144.  Closed Sea (Migrant Crisis Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H2k_a12g8E&pp=sAQA

145.  Cluster (Mystery Deaths Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnUkAC1qmtg&pp=sAQA

146.  Commando On The Front Line  Episode 1 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9ZS5FZIalg&pp=sAQA

147.  Commando On The Front Line  Episode 2 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uy_KUnTow1Q&pp=sAQA

148.  Commando On The Front Line  Episode 3 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sY62mnJHChM&pp=sAQA

149.  Commando On The Front Line  Episode 4 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LGc-aXl11w&pp=sAQA

150.  Commando On The Front Line  Episode 5 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxATMhS3RrY&pp=sAQA

151.  Commando On The Front Line  Episode 6 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FqvqQME70Q&pp=sAQA

152.  Commando On The Front Line  Episode 7 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbFgDsI-SXc&pp=sAQA

153.  Commando On The Front Line  Episode 8 (Military Training Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oY_xOU1nuDM&pp=sAQA

154.  Congo's Women Warriors (War Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulws-2jmd7c&pp=sAQA

155.  Conjoined Twins Tragedy of Hope and Faith (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCIgtFySe4I&pp=sAQA

156.  Coronavirus How to Isolate Yourself (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67P_AANqwVI&pp=sAQA

157.  Cosmetic Kids (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=137tKLouDlk&pp=sAQA

158.  Crime Down Under Undercover (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zr7_Lz7Qg5g&pp=sAQA

159.  Crime Scene Cleaners (Investigative Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEXQ9hmHiQc&pp=sAQA

160.  Crisis Point Junior Doctor Diaries  Part 1 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyYTvkUynUM&pp=sAQA

161.  Cult Killer (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJh2X7SAqa8&pp=sAQA

162.  Cult Witness (Cult Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clS6USdnB58&pp=sAQA

163.  Cults, Taboos And Twisted Faith  The Dark World Of Cults (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GD5iI3jzpoE&pp=sAQA

164.  Danger Tourism  My North Korean Holiday (North Korea Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lra5XMTZMok&pp=sAQA

165.  Dangerous Company The Last Days Of An International Trafficker (True Crime Story)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liTbvJCbYMs&pp=sAQA

166.  Dangerous Love (Domestic Abuse Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yIAY2tbnOE&pp=sAQA

167.  Darwin The Town Without A Government (Isolated Community Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvR2Ktfr8JI&pp=sAQA

168.  Deadliest Gang In Central America  The People Vs. The Maras (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEmyl0uWwtE&pp=sAQA

169.  Deadly Ocean California's $250 Million Oil Spill (Fossil Fuel Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHZ7vJ4Y_FA&pp=sAQA

170.  Death Unexplained (Coroner Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kI_6DMB8-eI&pp=sAQA

171.  Defender Of The Children (Phillipines Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqtBR5IgHw0&pp=sAQA

172.  Defending Violent Criminals  The Briefs (Criminal Law Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q15bAd8s08I&pp=sAQA

173.  Destination Burma (World War II Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mPCDFHD3Fk&pp=sAQA

174.  Detective Speaks To The Dead  The Psychic Detective (Paranormal Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsOHKxjXbVY&pp=sAQA

175.  Diana The Inquest (Princess Diana Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxYvvhBuq3c&pp=sAQA

176.  Diana The Night She Died (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmqUIkbEosY&pp=sAQA

177.  Diary of a Debt Collector Australia’s Toughest Repossessions  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2_Nd4_1d14&pp=sAQA

178.  Diary Of A Mother On The Edge (Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcETh_wDPb4&pp=sAQA

179.  Did My Dad Have Amnesia Or Is He A Liar (Family Secrets Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xO2s48V6tE4&pp=sAQA

180.  Did the CIA Kill A Hollywood Writer  The Writer With No Hands (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkDzpt9b9WA&pp=sAQA

181.  Die Überlebenden von Sandy Hook (Doku) - Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Rl4HbjTCzE&pp=sAQA

182.  Disabled Daredevils (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BPlun23xZk&pp=sAQA

183.  Dish Pigs Untold Secrets Of The Kitchen (Worker Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXAMv7lL3Ug&pp=sAQA

184.  Divided and Damaged Northern Ireland's Peace Walls (Borders Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7-ZM3Kxjlg&pp=sAQA

185.  Diviner's Sage  Sacred Weeds (Narcotics Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y93I329Z1ZA&pp=sAQA

186.  Divorce Iranian Style (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYaRb070r8E&pp=sAQA

187.  Divorce Sharia Style (Islam Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Nos1V9Rf1U&pp=sAQA

188.  Do We Really Have Freedom Of Choice (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RO0PEXz1Yb4&pp=sAQA

189.  Do You Believe In Aliens  Conspiracy Road Trip (UFO Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7UdgoGDkJU&pp=sAQA

190.  Does Britain hate face tattoos These people went undercover to find out  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUAHxwBejcs&pp=sAQA

191.  Don't Be Afraid Of Heights! Extreme High-Lining 3000m in the Air  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4Eaxk5zOvY&pp=sAQA

192.  Don't Blame Facebook (Social Media & Justice Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRm6EjY8ZWo&pp=sAQA

193.  Donald Trump & the Ethics of Foreign Aid (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-8poQoeV6s&pp=sAQA

194.  Donald Trump America’s Next President (US Politics Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuNH2oG_00k&pp=sAQA

195.  Drag Kings (Cross-Dressing Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3-7skbpioA&pp=sAQA

196.  Dream Boxer Wheelchair Boxing - Fighting To Be Heard  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTsALf9D2NY&pp=sAQA

197.  Drug Trial Goes Terribly Wrong Emergency At The Hospital (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9_sX93RHOk&pp=sAQA

198.  Dying for Drugs (Pharmaceutical Investigation Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2n6xI8g5-Gw&pp=sAQA

199.  Dying Out Loud (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pVq5-12duk&pp=sAQA

200.  Dying Out The Last Samaritans  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ey7FB44YS0o&pp=sAQA

201.  Dying To Be Apart (Conjoined Twins Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fzChJWFpqA&pp=sAQA

202.  Easy Break Oven Angela's Story (Slice of Life Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ7H4sk_UOI&pp=sAQA

203.  Eco-Home Adventures (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_hrPs9aW9Q&pp=sAQA

204.  Egypt's Voice of Freedom (Great Mind Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8R7mDvzEAE&pp=sAQA

205.  Ending The War How This President Won a Nobel Peace Prize  Port of Destiny Peace  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAREYlT8TgQ&pp=sAQA

206.  Erasing Hate Transforming Racist Tattoos  Beneath the Ink  Real Stories Indie Docs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLVSzyXSjh8&pp=sAQA

207.  Escaping a Life Sentence Redeeming the State (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12Y3NuwqEOk&pp=sAQA

208.  Escaping Death Row... Almost (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHZL2Kk_EwE&pp=sAQA

209.  Even More In Your Face Confronting Tattoo Prejudice (Face Tattoo Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1o5vWQfp4M&pp=sAQA

210.  Evicted The Hidden Homeless (BAFTA WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_XBgGEZwpk&pp=sAQA

211.  Exploring Acute Mania A Bipolar Expedition (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEzy5luaodI&pp=sAQA

212.  Extraordinary Weddings My Paralysed Partner and Me (Love Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wCaN8OY9QM&pp=sAQA

213.  Extreme Rescue Mont Blanc (Mountain Rescue Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLVfuwUFHbE&pp=sAQA

214.  Facebook Follies When Social Media Takes Over (Cyber Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMz64QbqUYc&pp=sAQA

215.  Facing Gay Conversion Therapy (Ethics Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FO2cWOYkpPg&pp=sAQA

216.  Facing Life After Facing Death (Death Row Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8X8orIks34&pp=sAQA

217.  Facing The Fat Fasting For 50 Days (Health Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbMpvC1Y2xA&pp=sAQA

218.  Fake Van Gogh Village Painting 100,000 Replica Masterpieces (Fake Art Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_nKkiVk8o8&pp=sAQA

219.  Falsely Accused Ronald Dalton's Struggle (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsNccLaVgFw&pp=sAQA

220.  Families of Murder Victims Interview Murderers (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tM7R3RqTN7E&pp=sAQA

221.  Family Secrets My Step-Mom Could Be Younger Than Me (Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaYMyc6gK5I&pp=sAQA

222.  Fascinating Womanhood Return of the 50s Housewife  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vmEbSCHOt4&pp=sAQA

223.  Fashion Factories Undercover (Investigative Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHw4HEzzsyc&pp=sAQA

224.  Fasting To Death (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXPZE0IqpYY&pp=sAQA

225.  Fatherland (Controversial Coming Of Age Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WALrhKkMciU&pp=sAQA

226.  Fight For A Fair Election Vote Afghanistan (Democracy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgmZsEsREgc&pp=sAQA

227.  Fight Like a Girl Inside the World of Female Boxing (Boxing Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgMmqAlV2gE&pp=sAQA

228.  Fighting China's Forced Organ Harvesting (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unXw_TQSpFw&pp=sAQA

229.  Finding Love In Japan (Japanese Marriage Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcPvL80dwZk&pp=sAQA

230.  Finding My Gypsy Roots (Heritage Documentary) - Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyxleftfUo0&pp=sAQA

231.  Finish Line Prince Harry's South Pole Adventure  Part 2  (Royal Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4RSIUX_MYA&pp=sAQA

232.  First Day In Charge Junior Doctor Diaries  Part 4 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raZnTDA30OQ&pp=sAQA

233.  Fish Story (Legendary Fish Mystery Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QskAk3rs0Rc&pp=sAQA

234.  Flat 13 Facing Down Apartheid (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_BODSPw_kg&pp=sAQA

235.  Fly Through the Largest Construction Project Ever Undertaken in Europe  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZ-Udb15nZw&pp=sAQA

236.  Flying Dreams Women Airforce Pilots of WWII (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJnUfz7Ebro&pp=sAQA

237.  For Dad With Love (Heart-Felt Short Film)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqrjyHZPq4I&pp=sAQA

238.  For The Love Of God The Man Who Thinks He's Jesus (Cult Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXpLVmL2esw&pp=sAQA

239.  Forbidden Love & Arranged Marriages In India (Dating Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pOJgMxvGwE&pp=sAQA

240.  Forced Marriage Cops (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPeepNAD4fM&pp=sAQA

241.  Forced To Marry (Investigative Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amwOFszElKs&pp=sAQA

242.  Frame 394 An Internet Sleuth and a Police Shooting (Criminal Justice Film)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiNLg4l-PSE&pp=sAQA

243.  Freebirthing Medication Free Childbirth (Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFDWkOOCxYs&pp=sAQA

244.  Freeing The Innocent Fight For Justice, David & Me (Criminal Justice Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ndgf1k5BNGg&pp=sAQA

245.  From Lobsters to Mobsters An Englishman In America (Stephen Fry Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWafoGLXLiE&pp=sAQA

246.  From Russia With Love  Love in a Time of HIV [Part 2] (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KcAPVjZyTE&pp=sAQA

247.  Gambling Addiction & Me  The Real Hustler (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auK_MteZ8Rg&pp=sAQA

248.  Gangland Britain Who Are The Top Dogs Now (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mm5jgvamnc&pp=sAQA

249.  Gangs Of Britain Glasgow (Gang Culture Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8JPe8m-160&pp=sAQA

250.  Gangs Of Britain Liverpool (Gang Culture Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeQ5GYVUFuk&pp=sAQA

251.  Gangsta's Paradise New Zealand's HipHop Crimewave (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSUczK5cjKQ&pp=sAQA

252.  Gary Foley The Australian Black Panther (Spy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6ywlZQsqDE&pp=sAQA

253.  Gay Dads (LGBTQ+ Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1OxzgQ6WOA&pp=sAQA

254.  Gaza The Fight For Israel (Middle East Documentary) - Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exyQ724_2nk&pp=sAQA

255.  Generation A What Next For Afghanistan (Afghanistan Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USUjaWU-ogc&pp=sAQA

256.  Generation Boomerang Why Won't Young Adults Leave Home (Society Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUj0O-va2_0&pp=sAQA

257.  Girl with No Limbs The Extraordinary Story of Charlotte (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVQ109-gmI0&pp=sAQA

258.  Girls Alone (Social Experiment Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iZtdKaVsD8&pp=sAQA

259.  Girls On Tour (Tennis Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnHcaki-PO8&pp=sAQA

260.  Giving Birth in Indiana Women's Prison (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=az_YtxloFqM&pp=sAQA

261.  Glitterboys And Ganglands (LGBTQ+ Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNK8FaosU10&pp=sAQA

262.  Global Gay Fight For Human Rights (Social Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFlusK0gEhk&pp=sAQA

263.  God Stole My Sister (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubJ6_AzVBYA&pp=sAQA

264.  Golden Dawn Neo-Nazis in Greece (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJy_OHTuO0c&pp=sAQA

265.  Grace Under Fire (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEX8ozwY_r4&pp=sAQA

266.  Grassroots The Cannabis Revolution (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlQ9AFjsVK8&pp=sAQA

267.  Groom Gets Married After Losing His Sight (Love Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtzA9Hy2qjk&pp=sAQA

268.  Groomed By My Teacher (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HiGsHc0s4u4&pp=sAQA

269.  Growing Up Poor Boys (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHyQYdfEdtY&pp=sAQA

270.  Growing Up Poor Girls (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgUXPG_eiWI&pp=sAQA

271.  Growing Up Poor in Chicago An Uneven Playing Field (Poverty & Soccer Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raJW3E2_4Nk&pp=sAQA

272.  Growing Up With An Abuser My Dad The Paedophile (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZk4Z43zfio&pp=sAQA

273.  Guardians Of The New World (Hacking Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUFEeuWqFPE&pp=sAQA

274.  Gutted (BAFTA WINNING-DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DAv1dEqaK8&pp=sAQA

275.  Guys As Dolls (Cross-Dressing Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3wNyiS2AMk&pp=sAQA

276.  Gypsies, Tramps and Thieves (Confronting Racism Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wRYuk4SrvQ&pp=sAQA

277.  Harold Shipman Doctor Death Who Killed 250 Patients (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_L0M-nZHXY&pp=sAQA

278.  Havana Curveball (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9RaVEK39Yo&pp=sAQA

279.  Having A Daughter Before Graduation  The End Of High School (Social Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAmoJeAo6Dk&pp=sAQA

280.  Hawaii's Hidden Darkness (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZAapn0KC_I&pp=sAQA

281.  Hayley, The 96 Year Old Schoolgirl  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuK_uolPF74&pp=sAQA

282.  Hayley, The World's Oldest Teenager  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6IcijCQMjY&pp=sAQA

283.  Her Majesty's Prison Norwich Families Behind Bars (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZ9LCfhbiYQ&pp=sAQA

284.  Heroes of the Empire (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1xhazIgpBk&pp=sAQA

285.  Hidden & Homeless (Homelessness Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JELjthd0kms&pp=sAQA

286.  High Society Exploring The Cannabis Cafe (Narcotics Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qe4zVVLDKQk&pp=sAQA

287.  History's Smallest Superstar The Real Tom Thumb (History Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CShh8uAXZg0&pp=sAQA

288.  HIV Stopping the Spread  Love in a Time of HIV (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f27mJolKYsY&pp=sAQA

289.  Holocaust Survivor Becomes Death Metal Granny  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GQMIzt01Vw&pp=sAQA

290.  Holy Murderers El Salvador's Converted Criminals (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_O6UeOT6mks&pp=sAQA

291.  Holy Scam or Miracle The Faith Healing Industry (Controversy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XmbHMSFUNA&pp=sAQA

292.  Homeless & In High School (Education Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YO7Kkvi8u4U&pp=sAQA

293.  Homeless Man Given iPhone to Document His Life on the Street  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CKLneUWZYU&pp=sAQA

294.  Homeless People Tell Their Stories (Breadline Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9dmp3H8Bj8&pp=sAQA

295.  Homeless Woman Given an iPhone to Document Her Experience  Home Stream  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkgVgjl81Q0&pp=sAQA

296.  Honeymoon in Kabul (Afghanistan Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MirO8dPUAv0&pp=sAQA

297.  Hong Kong Life in Cages (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qj7KtWhGrAE&pp=sAQA

298.  Hookers, Hustlers, Pimps & Their Johns (Prostitution Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMFIbQSShYE&pp=sAQA

299.  Horses Helped Him Through Deep Loss and Trauma  Inhale  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwwyzmSyb_c&pp=sAQA

300.  How a British Farmer Became Accused of Witchcraft and Murder (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOLHvIc_6Qw&pp=sAQA

301.  How a Private Investigator Became A Debt Collector  Little Joe  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmPpYXtvI-4&pp=sAQA

302.  How Coroners Crack Mysterious Deaths (Coroner Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5T7kw15ehY&pp=sAQA

303.  How Corporations Are Ruining Your Health (Food Industry Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RwIWGkMxrE&pp=sAQA

304.  How Did Alex Lewis' Family Cope With His Illness  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODH4oZmDSkg&pp=sAQA

305.  How Did the CIA’s Mistake Almost Lead to a Terrorist Attack  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIB6nD40ro8&pp=sAQA

306.  How Did The KGB Kill Alexander Litvinenko (Espionage Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXOWK-Vj7_M&pp=sAQA

307.  How Do You Reconnect With An Absent Father  Missed Call (BAFTA WINNING Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3ywuPTMa9k&pp=sAQA

308.  How One Night Changed A Music Legend's Life  Oh, Geno! (Biographical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7y065c7JUQQ&pp=sAQA

309.  How The Super Rich Live (Wealth Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CB-2kPE9_kQ&pp=sAQA

310.  How The USA Created The Taliban  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9j1H330Nmo&pp=sAQA

311.  How To Start a Sex Cult (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a29wkHBPHiY&pp=sAQA

312.  How Will Tourism Cope In A COVID World (Culture Documentary) Real Stories Indie Docs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEkrq6yVx2E&pp=sAQA

313.  Hunting the Legendary Nile Perch (River Monster Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtFPsY5gYSA&pp=sAQA

314.  I Bought My Own Peruvian Rainforest (New Life Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=if8DGAtJP8k&pp=sAQA

315.  I Heart New York  Love In A Time of HIV (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggx3vvUR6is&pp=sAQA

316.  I Helped My Daughter Die (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTrsfzhcNlk&pp=sAQA

317.  I Slept Under A Bridge For 6 Years To Send Money Home (Immigration Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfAT3dYNtKc&pp=sAQA

318.  I Still Talk To My Deceased Wife!  Stories On The South Wales Dial-A-Ride  Real Stories Indie Docs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBHePC6DhKo&pp=sAQA

319.  I'm My Mum's Carer (Young Caregiver Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGvu9PiKQCg&pp=sAQA

320.  I've Got A Job But Why Am I Still Broke!  (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzbqmQV49-M&pp=sAQA

321.  Igor Child Of Chernobyl (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I88w3IxO-Mg&pp=sAQA

322.  Igor The Boy Who Dared To Dream (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxT9acRG0FM&pp=sAQA

323.  In Cuba They're Still Dancing (Cuba Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qmzXflXB4A&pp=sAQA

324.  In Love With My Life-Sized Doll (Full Documentary) Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ukok0oeIFoQ&pp=sAQA

325.  In The Shadow Of Feeling (Psychopath Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6LLQ1POzhY&pp=sAQA

326.  In Your Face Confronting Tattoo Prejudice (Social Experiment Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXMBBCrZ2SI&pp=sAQA

327.  India's Dancing Men in Drag (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srY6VTqk2h4&pp=sAQA

328.  Indiana Prison's Female Lifers (Jail Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um40nauAuvg&pp=sAQA

329.  Inheritance (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5ke-rGI-Dc&pp=sAQA

330.  Inner City Sailing (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCwe7Odjls4&pp=sAQA

331.  Innocence for Sale Kids on South Africa's Streets (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kv35JG8g6vo&pp=sAQA

332.  Innocents Lost (Child Neglect Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWLVyi7Fv48&pp=sAQA

333.  Insatiable Hunger (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03DFb72zZ8w&pp=sAQA

334.  Inside A Coroner's Office Solving Unexplained Deaths (Mysterious Death Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-o_bT5DqBAM&pp=sAQA

335.  Inside A Crack House  US Drug Gangs Exposed (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EGK4gGtz44&pp=sAQA

336.  Inside Broadmoor (Notorious Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4BaCt5tlgI&pp=sAQA

337.  Inside Burma Land Of Fear (Conflict Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZUssUf8daU&pp=sAQA

338.  Inside Hamas (IsraelPalestine Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egOnJt_m1Z8&pp=sAQA

339.  Inside Indiana's Female Maximum Security Prison (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbUTHDxhmME&pp=sAQA

340.  Inside North Korea Western Artists On Tour in a Dictatorship (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iZBtmTSe5I&pp=sAQA

341.  Inside Prison Tattooing (Body Art Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3lPf18KK8k&pp=sAQA

342.  Inside The Aftermath Of China's Disastrous Earthquake (Disaster Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzGkeLoTitM&pp=sAQA

343.  Inside the Barber Shop Within a Maximum Security Prison  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwAM8uY8x5w&pp=sAQA

344.  Inside The Mind Of Suicide Bombers (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpY0zJtu8Ts&pp=sAQA

345.  Inside The Russian Far Right (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llA4CzeupoE&pp=sAQA

346.  Intelligent Hands Death of the Craftsmen (Crafts Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foIk89ak0Wg&pp=sAQA

347.  Intersexion Boy or Girl (Intersex Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czbQRjdGvYQ&pp=sAQA

348.  Interview With A Murderer (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RODwEfemEBs&pp=sAQA

349.  Interview With A Serial Killer (Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQNwjEkszvg&pp=sAQA

350.  Into The Shadows Inside Johannesburg's Underworld (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkaWctIgjtc&pp=sAQA

351.  Ireland's Children of Shame (Church Scandal Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWBwjR6QPhI&pp=sAQA

352.  Is Mecca In The Wrong Place (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CavacGECZ0&pp=sAQA

353.  Is My Vagina Pretty (Cosmetic Surgery Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dh5dJQXjHA&pp=sAQA

354.  Is Poverty Genetic (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9esw4nt55Mc&pp=sAQA

355.  ISIS Women Unveiled (Terrorism Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTq-AEB_3RM&pp=sAQA

356.  Islam Unveiled (Religion Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBvFX3xzQbk&pp=sAQA

357.  Islam, Women and Me (Religion Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27isD3jSWLQ&pp=sAQA

358.  Israel, Palestine And Football (Middle East Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXPeV-oXngI&pp=sAQA

359.  Jackpot (Hardcore Bingo Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDsLZWwdyX4&pp=sAQA

360.  James Baker President-Maker (US President Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPkulMz1Fo0&pp=sAQA

361.  James Bulger A Mother's Story (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1-iWAAm-SU&pp=sAQA

362.  Jeffrey Dahmer The Milwaukee Cannibal (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h814QNnDZgw&pp=sAQA

363.  Jewish And Looking For Love (Dating Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7CT7YCoMhU&pp=sAQA

364.  Jiyan Story Of A Female Guerilla Fighter (War Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEQEidgcMhU&pp=sAQA

365.  Jobless Life Unemployed (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5H_xgT-_wfk&pp=sAQA

366.  John Pilger Palestine Is Still The Issue  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYF0td7Ykus&pp=sAQA

367.  Jonny Kennedy The Man Whose Skin Fell Off (BAFTA-AWARD WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUWqyQYkZrg&pp=sAQA

368.  Josef Fritzl's Horrifying Crime (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhLuEKZj1oo&pp=sAQA

369.  Josie How To Make a Country Hate You (Controversial Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4jCFqIA5Uo&pp=sAQA

370.  Juliana's Fight For Survival  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlbU51IoIh8&pp=sAQA

371.  Just Business The Man Who Made A Family Vanish (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSkSFcOcd_U&pp=sAQA

372.  Karosta Life After The USSR (Ghost Town Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OY-vUKlRrfU&pp=sAQA

373.  Kelly And Her Sisters (BAFTA AWARD-WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hl5IfNnPhI0&pp=sAQA

374.  Kentucky Teenage Vampires (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWclRSulGFQ&pp=sAQA

375.  Kids Behind Bars (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XOjEqPFwoU&pp=sAQA

376.  Kids In Camps (Refugee Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9EZqw7dtdA&pp=sAQA

377.  Kids With Tourettes In Their Own Words (Tourettes Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8LiiezkAkQ&pp=sAQA

378.  Kids, Knives & Broken Lives (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpRCj3fI4lk&pp=sAQA

379.  Killers & Snitches Inside The Mafia (Organised Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSkAEoOA76I&pp=sAQA

380.  Killing Rampage The Family Slayer (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KP8WZ8F3Xc&pp=sAQA

381.  Kitty Return To Auschwitz (Holocaust Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OO6E2Lp7TA&pp=sAQA

382.  Knife Crime Capital A Week In Cape Town's ER (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9UuBAN7848&pp=sAQA

383.  Last Free Place in America The Lawless Slab City (Community Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKTSVWiYee8&pp=sAQA

384.  Leaders Of The Future  Toronto's Freedom Summer Camp  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uXIWcBGgrs&pp=sAQA

385.  Legend Of The Broken Spoke Saving Honky Tonk Heaven (Saving Landmark Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSlhLoeYHFY&pp=sAQA

386.  Life And Death In Chicago (People, Police & Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhM_ecX6IDs&pp=sAQA

387.  Life Before Execution  Indiana’s Death Row Inmates Part Two  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0__XpC6c-bQ&pp=sAQA

388.  Life Inside A Sweat Shop (Social Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Js-QLGTFO9Y&pp=sAQA

389.  Life With Mongolian Nomads (Kate Humble Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Tg6EQ4Dio0&pp=sAQA

390.  Life With Siberian Nomads (Survival Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kIbHN7PmWQ&pp=sAQA

391.  Lin and Ralph A Love Story (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RutWVklQszo&pp=sAQA

392.  Linda Carty The British Woman On Death Row in Texas (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3WA-AlQRBeU&pp=sAQA

393.  Living Dolls (Dolls Obsession Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVp9ZC47las&pp=sAQA

394.  Living In Hell Private Violence (Domestic Abuse Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bw_yMvNxhEk&pp=sAQA

395.  Living On Ghana's Largest Toxic E-Waste Scrapyard (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHUF53LBhgA&pp=sAQA

396.  Living with HIV (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGpwr47j4uo&pp=sAQA

397.  Living With Nepal's Last Nomads (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwO40irtfPw&pp=sAQA

398.  Living With Proteus Syndrome  Can't Stop Growing (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlHIluCNAFk&pp=sAQA

399.  Living Without Water (Water Shortage Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yg39zyoF26o&pp=sAQA

400.  Lock Up Your Sons (Psychological Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ivX19FwXak&pp=sAQA

401.  London 77 Bombings Debunking The Myths (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oMMatsr7QI&pp=sAQA

402.  London to South Africa Can Travel Change Young People's Lives (Social Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28XnCdl0-bk&pp=sAQA

403.  Looking For Mercy (Robert Mugabe Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKbARZktqLY&pp=sAQA

404.  Looking For Mike (Mysterious Death Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLQp1c4Ql00&pp=sAQA

405.  Lost Orphan A Home For Mirela  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mswWZtkyHAg&pp=sAQA

406.  Love (Human Psychology Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yb-1q3cH1ks&pp=sAQA

407.  Love And Sex In China (Chinese Dating Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E23ER7YMpUY&pp=sAQA

408.  Love And Sex In Japan  Visiting Japan's Cuddle Cafes  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5FE7gkONZs&pp=sAQA

409.  Love Life Death In A Day (Circle of Life Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YdONfW6RDk&pp=sAQA

410.  Lumberjack Lives (Man Vs. Nature Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VKlc0OO2Uw&pp=sAQA

411.  Lust, Betrayal & Corruption A Chinese Murder Mystery (True Crime Story)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3Iw0UJM1BU&pp=sAQA

412.  Mad About Parkour! (Free Running Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dZ62Nqnc-Y&pp=sAQA

413.  Mafia Women With Trevor McDonald (Organized Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c20pjCm3m3w&pp=sAQA

414.  Mafia Women With Trevor McDonald Part 2 (Organized Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpHehQNrHcY&pp=sAQA

415.  Magic Mushroom Medical Trial (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGN2l-XY_EE&pp=sAQA

416.  Magic Truffles Can Psychedelics Treat Depression  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHNP-vXuo4Q&pp=sAQA

417.  Making A Fresh Start In The UK  The Romanians Are Coming (Immigration Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvNt9XWJRPk&pp=sAQA

418.  Maksim Gelman Behind the NYC Stabbing Spree (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l82pinnlw3Y&pp=sAQA

419.  Malaysia's Underground Skin Trade (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbM__cGq_aA&pp=sAQA

420.  Malcolm and Barbara Love's Farewell (Alzheimer's Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYDxZQXYT5k&pp=sAQA

421.  Mandy’s Choice Having My Dead Husband’s Baby (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uF6f2gZ6uo&pp=sAQA

422.  Maximum Security Men  Indiana’s Death Row Inmates Part Two  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tqypS2cm0g&pp=sAQA

423.  Medical Story Aspergers And Me (Chris Packham Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4tLlIzMGjM&pp=sAQA

424.  Medjugorje Myth or Miracle (Miracle Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSaJ3AaaKnY&pp=sAQA

425.  Meet Nambia's First Female Trawler Captain  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kclb_nH9A4o&pp=sAQA

426.  Meet The World's Greatest Prankster (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r49HlSsxlDc&pp=sAQA

427.  Meeting The Real Rain Man  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36K1HQvUdWg&pp=sAQA

428.  Men At War Meeting the Anti-Feminist Movement (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JP9ucyoJraQ&pp=sAQA

429.  Meningitis Search For A Cure (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c4LKg8gwA0&pp=sAQA

430.  Michelle Obama Forward Motion (Biographical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ec8P9PAyjS8&pp=sAQA

431.  Million Pound Movers How Rich People Relocate (Luxury Home Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErGlp8Jbs-4&pp=sAQA

432.  Millionaire Neighbors At War (Super Rich Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gE0Cc3XHSE&pp=sAQA

433.  Mini Me Me Me Kids Who Want It All (Celebrity Children Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjxwt-1LPws&pp=sAQA

434.  Missed Call (BAFTA Winning Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cS_WtQbkY8s&pp=sAQA

435.  Mo Farah Why I Run (Athletics Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOih2pGxYLA&pp=sAQA

436.  Monster In The Mind (Alzheimer's Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqdM5UzpvMQ&pp=sAQA

437.  Mr. Connolly Has ALS (Beloved Teacher Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25Fy0gRyn8c&pp=sAQA

438.  Mugabe's Legacy Zimbabwe's Forgotten Children (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0mKndUkWik&pp=sAQA

439.  Muhammed Ali Fighting Spirit (Life of a Legend Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_VB5zF3_TA&pp=sAQA

440.  Mum And Me (Alzheimer's Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GRqdduFdRY&pp=sAQA

441.  Mum Loves Drugs, Not Me (BAFTA-NOMINATED DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRZsj3Cmdkw&pp=sAQA

442.  Mum, Heroin and Me (Addiction Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeD8cXtMk_c&pp=sAQA

443.  Mum, I Want A Sex Change (LGBTQ+ Kids Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qV8b8hsQups&pp=sAQA

444.  Mum, I'm a Muslim (Religious Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJv4UEHI40o&pp=sAQA

445.  Murder in Cape Town Who Killed Bruno Bronn (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdG26FqhX14&pp=sAQA

446.  Murder In Pacific Paradise (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Y_VviQLcnk&pp=sAQA

447.  Murder In Paradise (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VV-_vdVoLMY&pp=sAQA

448.  Murdered By My Family  Banaz An Honour Killing (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qn-VhFHkUoY&pp=sAQA

449.  Murderers and Their Mothers Fred and Rosemary West (Serial Killer Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4009uRxpoTA&pp=sAQA

450.  Murdering The Nanny (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icWCCRlKVv8&pp=sAQA

451.  Muslim And Looking For Love (Dating Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjPnZL7MMtw&pp=sAQA

452.  My 20-Year Coma (Medical Miracle Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsnXzgIa6YE&pp=sAQA

453.  My Big Fat Asian Wedding (Wedding Planner Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZn5eAO_bgE&pp=sAQA

454.  My Breasts Or My Life (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pvo8JrZSaM8&pp=sAQA

455.  My Car Is My Lover (Unique Love Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P38RMNGgdY8&pp=sAQA

456.  My Child Is A Monkey (Extraordinary Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XooaIOnsjB0&pp=sAQA

457.  My Extra Chromosome And Me (Down's Syndrome Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zCoEa5WRBs&pp=sAQA

458.  My Family, Partition and Me India 70 Years Ago (Family History Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RQePrEnWSQ&pp=sAQA

459.  My Kid Can't Stop Eating (Childhood Obesity Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_PRHuuoeCs&pp=sAQA

460.  My Kidnapper (Abduction Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiHUrW4o1MQ&pp=sAQA

461.  My Killer Dad On Death Row (Texas Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzLtHVIO0TY&pp=sAQA

462.  My Life After 911 An Arab In America (Society Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPwPt7sfdnI&pp=sAQA

463.  My Life After Guantanamo Bay (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8TPt2asjOs&pp=sAQA

464.  My Mom Got Tourettes (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_C3XnHI3j8&pp=sAQA

465.  My Mother The Monster (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo6vtYfvN_8&pp=sAQA

466.  My Mother, Diana (Royal Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvR7vOx3ZBk&pp=sAQA

467.  My Mums Used To Be Men (Rainbow Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuSRYh0DzVY&pp=sAQA

468.  My Parents Are Cousins (Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkxuKe2wOMs&pp=sAQA

469.  My Really Cool Legs! (Inspirational Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ybtmhP75e0&pp=sAQA

470.  My Sister The Geisha (Tokyo Red Light District Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MH97r_4lQ1c&pp=sAQA

471.  My Six Wives And 29 Children (Polygamy Documentary)  Real Stories .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqORJHyNWJc&pp=sAQA

472.  My Skin Could Kill Me (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yu3I6mg8wyY&pp=sAQA

473.  My Son The Jihadi (BAFTA WINNING-DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN5IV6wUFbM&pp=sAQA

474.  My Street (British Culture Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGglXmm0-l4&pp=sAQA

475.  My Unborn Twin Is The Mother Of My Children  Chimera (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFf5gKiTGlo&pp=sAQA

476.  Myra Hindley Britain's Most Hated Woman (Serial Killer Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQ8eKB5fJRk&pp=sAQA

477.  Mysterious Explosion in Siberia 20 Years Laters (Natural Phenomenon Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O30ytTSRHpo&pp=sAQA

478.  Mystic Artist On A Mission For Mankind  Billsville  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaVKIb9nLJg&pp=sAQA

479.  Nailing The Nail Bomber (Criminal Investigation Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K9WLAvI2to&pp=sAQA

480.  Nazi Temple Of Doom  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mmssOTrNeg&pp=sAQA

481.  New Zealand's Happiest Pig & Other Stories (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciRfywulVpg&pp=sAQA

482.  Norm (Extraordinary Person Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RUpnbdmnzA&pp=sAQA

483.  North Korean Orphans Open Up About How They Survive  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUxIRSdc5y8&pp=sAQA

484.  Notorious Gangs of Manchester From Victorian Era to Today (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LQFKNjTcd0&pp=sAQA

485.  Objectified (Homelessness Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRi_OCA2HiM&pp=sAQA

486.  Obsessed Super-Fans Who Risk Everything (Obsessive Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFcS9z-brkc&pp=sAQA

487.  Obsessive Compulsive My Mum Is A Hoarder (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=so-F7tKkOjI&pp=sAQA

488.  Oil Wars Sudan Torn Apart (Civil War Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4t9TCMjBXZY&pp=sAQA

489.  Olly Alexander Growing Up Gay  LGBT+ Community And Mental Health  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfrq7y1PqBo&pp=sAQA

490.  On The Front Line Fighting The The Taliban (Modern Warfare Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtC1hVA7pXE&pp=sAQA

491.  One Man Enters One of the World's Most Secretive States  The Happy Dictator (Full Documentary).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp3FAZSeW-M&pp=sAQA

492.  One Under (London Underground Suicide Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pua3xLoM4WM&pp=sAQA

493.  Orphans of Nkandla (BAFTA-WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE3Qnzumjwk&pp=sAQA

494.  Orthodox Hoarders Of New York  Thy Father's Chair (Hoarders Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9NQ4tfRe7k&pp=sAQA

495.  Our Home In The Desert Life Inside A Refugee Camp (Refugee Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igPVUi2HeH0&pp=sAQA

496.  Our Sensei with No Eyes Growing an Army of the Blind  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmH9cMx4PMw&pp=sAQA

497.  Our Trans Swimming Club (LGBTQ+ Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGABIN3ZRr4&pp=sAQA

498.  Pakistan's Transgenders Hidden Lives (LGBTQ+ Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvehhXaFh8U&pp=sAQA

499.  Palestinians Locked Inside Israel's Maximum Security Prison (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw4hTN-bQNI&pp=sAQA

500.  Pansy! (LGBTQ+ Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zU0LrSyCycA&pp=sAQA

501.  Paper Children (Niños de papel)  Inside America’s Overwhelmed Asylum System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdsPSkFXrD4&pp=sAQA

502.  Paper Children (Niños de papel)  Love brings a family together. Will a system tear them apart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb9_SRuyKGc&pp=sAQA

503.  Paying the Price The Killing of the Children of Iraq (John Pilger Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSe5QidAI3s&pp=sAQA

504.  Persons of Interest The Student Revolutionary (Espionage Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=355IWktXtNA&pp=sAQA

505.  Pet Poisoners (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dW-JR8TA9F8&pp=sAQA

506.  Pirates Of Somalia (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEiDDCuIHjg&pp=sAQA

507.  Plan Andinia A New Jewish State (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gvgy-t9V6Uw&pp=sAQA

508.  Pledging My Purity To Dad (Celibacy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mhez8t8IFs&pp=sAQA

509.  Polygamist Tries To Woo Son's Teenage Girlfriend  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUsLZQYd5Cc&pp=sAQA

510.  Poor Kids Below The Poverty Line (Child Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9aSp9bFmMg&pp=sAQA

511.  Poor Kids of Lagos (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2c6fGRnprA&pp=sAQA

512.  Pretty Boys (Male Model Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jb-PCB3uCK0&pp=sAQA

513.  Preying On Young Boys  Pakistan's Hidden Predators (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMp2wm0VMUs&pp=sAQA

514.  Prime Suspect (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZGvsaa8nhY&pp=sAQA

515.  Prince Charles and Prince William Royal Rivals (Royal Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4ylW4PcIPE&pp=sAQA

516.  Princess Diana How To Live After Death (Royal Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWqQtIkEjC4&pp=sAQA

517.  Prison Songs Australia's Musical Aboriginal Inmates (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DRm5XWFgYc&pp=sAQA

518.  Prophet For Profit South Africa's Millionaire Preacher (Wealth Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=On18k9npMus&pp=sAQA

519.  Proxy Weddings We Got Married While 863 Miles Apart From Each Other!  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNw77vDQ6TQ&pp=sAQA

520.  Pumpkin Movie (Halloween Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5ZZVcw0SI4&pp=sAQA

521.  Punk Attitude (Music Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEw6eDfII2o&pp=sAQA

522.  Pure O Thinking the Unthinkable (Extreme OCD Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Vixj8lSEws&pp=sAQA

523.  Put Some Toe In Your Drink! The Sour Toe Cannibal (Funny Short Film)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSbV-2uL-oU&pp=sAQA

524.  Quads A Struggle For Life (Parenting Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrMAyUjK55g&pp=sAQA

525.  Racism, Eviction & Poverty Roma Gypsies Struggle To Survive (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkkkmC6v8TM&pp=sAQA

526.  Radioman The Homeless Movie Star! (Inspiring Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldZeDnnGrNI&pp=sAQA

527.  Rare Cancer Took My Face  The Woman With No Face (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEXrqhrHOzc&pp=sAQA

528.  Real Stories Channel Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ain_6IwEvAU&pp=sAQA

529.  Real Stories Podcast Ep 2 w directors Joya Berrow and Lucy Jane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69cATp2AKJk&pp=sAQA

530.  Real Stories Podcast Episode 1  Missed Call  Teaser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr8NlqWirnQ&pp=sAQA

531.  REAL STORIES TAPES TRUE CRIME WITH STEPHANIE BAUER [OFFICIAL TRAILER].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_s_g_ziko8&pp=sAQA

532.  Rebuilding Trust The City That Sat Down With The Police (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dX2QOYZknXg&pp=sAQA

533.  Rejected Ukraine’s Unwanted Children (Child Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pbOxn0o-m4&pp=sAQA

534.  Reporters at War Bringing It All Back Home (EMMY AWARD WINNING DOCUMENTARY)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfg2CxDqeI8&pp=sAQA

535.  Reporters At War Dying To Tell A Story (EMMY AWARD WINNING)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdQCsugwzDY&pp=sAQA

536.  Reporters at War War, Lies & Videotape (EMMY AWARD-WINNING Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAJBxJTSNkU&pp=sAQA

537.  Reverend Death Making a Living Out Of Assisted Suicide (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5v4wr713t4&pp=sAQA

538.  Rich Russians (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Igm_3tTpv0g&pp=sAQA

539.  Rise of The Superstar Vloggers (Vlogging Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_rn1h_tCaQ&pp=sAQA

540.  Risking Your Life in the Mediterranean (Crisis Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmKnLblR5nM&pp=sAQA

541.  Road to Roxham  Official Trailer  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CEey7SAlGY&pp=sAQA

542.  Road To Roxham The Immigrants Leaving America For Canada  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXb3LR0FtbY&pp=sAQA

543.  Rough Justice Arizona's Toughest Female Prisoners (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jrJYotXhwQ&pp=sAQA

544.  Royal Chef Reveals Secrets of The Royal Kitchen (Royal Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=did6mMxAI6U&pp=sAQA

545.  Royal Wedding Bali Style (Royalty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQx9vbxY15Y&pp=sAQA

546.  Russia's Forgotten Orphans  Children of the State (Orphanage Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QO4YrvR9KSA&pp=sAQA

547.  Russia's Teen Model Factory Extreme Beauty (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEYH4NVmJvA&pp=sAQA

548.  Sabrina Daddy's Girl (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=do42AE9q8dI&pp=sAQA

549.  Sacred Weeds  Part One (Narcotics Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQepGtmpUR4&pp=sAQA

550.  Saving the Slumdog Donkeys (Animal Rights Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAE05WPzdKo&pp=sAQA

551.  Scared Of My Shadow (Paranoia Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7bnj0lhaJ0&pp=sAQA

552.  School for Stutterers (Speech Impediment Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNkOeIBKZNs&pp=sAQA

553.  School Girl Killer (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3it3fMR-To&pp=sAQA

554.  Scientology Mysterious Deaths (Religious Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTtzc7sTZ-8&pp=sAQA

555.  Scream Halloween Special (Paranormal Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHoe2_BwNmA&pp=sAQA

556.  Searching For  Real Stories Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHqbOJjl8_w&pp=sAQA

557.  Secret Intersex Born Genderless (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reilipcN4_Y&pp=sAQA

558.  Secret Intersex Neither Boy Nor Girl (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVHq8wb19jo&pp=sAQA

559.  Secrets of Saudi Arabia Inside the State (Culture Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7WYpi1S1mY&pp=sAQA

560.  Segregated America A High School in South Carolina (Education Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZDfd9ijDFI&pp=sAQA

561.  Selling Sex To Survive (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rvm1BIsM1zI&pp=sAQA

562.  Semisweet Life In Chocolate (Food Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJqj5orzANM&pp=sAQA

563.  Senna A Personal Memoir (Famous Figure Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mb46pGM0uiE&pp=sAQA

564.  Seventy With A Six Pack (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N_YiyiwonY&pp=sAQA

565.  Sex, Death and the Gods (Indian Culture Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPBIT_hhd_w&pp=sAQA

566.  Sextuplets The Little Lambs (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6V77p20u69U&pp=sAQA

567.  Shootouts & Snitches The Brutal Gangs of Sheffield (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSQZD6nqtPU&pp=sAQA

568.  Shot At Dawn World War One Special (Desertion Documentary).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpH4guoKnYI&pp=sAQA

569.  Should I End My Life  Victor's Last Class (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAia_RpxMLE&pp=sAQA

570.  Skinny Kids (Body Dysmorphia Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0ZN6p8dXSk&pp=sAQA

571.  Slavery A Global Investigation (Modern Slavery Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfdibtC4RYg&pp=sAQA

572.  Sleepwalkers Secrets Of The Night (Psychology Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Shof6NPNqg0&pp=sAQA

573.  Small Miracles (Childbirth Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCdVmLJY2TY&pp=sAQA

574.  Snatched (Kidnapping Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IeniwBE0Gk&pp=sAQA

575.  Sorie Kondi, the Blind Busker (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmL12LRekjY&pp=sAQA

576.  Sorry I Shot You (Restorative Justice Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lf6Pk4CJnII&pp=sAQA

577.  Spoiling My Child Rotten (Child Health Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XegW4wTG9s&pp=sAQA

578.  Squeezed Like Lemons Italy In Crisis (Political Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYOQf99fNiI&pp=sAQA

579.  Sri Lanka's Killing Fields (Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3yPzyM0KMU&pp=sAQA

580.  Stabbed at School The Boy Who Killed His Teacher (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LcIuVTAXso&pp=sAQA

581.  Stabbed Britain's Knife Problem (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHt_Fd_MevI&pp=sAQA

582.  Standing Army (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0kR-2HAsMM&pp=sAQA

583.  Starting My Own Backyard Wrestling League  From Parts Unknown  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQikX-zxpdY&pp=sAQA

584.  Stem Cells Medical Miracle Or Science Gone Too Far (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nv14cCbU8t0&pp=sAQA

585.  Stolen Brides (Kidnapping Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LuyQPCThI4&pp=sAQA

586.  Stolen Land Fracking's Tragic Dirty Secrets (Emmy-Winning Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F46o7R9TU7Y&pp=sAQA

587.  Storm Rider (Forest Fire Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twW8rgoM2Ks&pp=sAQA

588.  Stranger In The Family (Autism Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZOfjMXNPik&pp=sAQA

589.  Strategy of Silence (Cover-Up Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nC-xPA8eizM&pp=sAQA

590.  Strictly Kosher (Jewish Culture Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uvkz6UEmi4Y&pp=sAQA

591.  Strictly Soulmates Christians (Dating Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD_ENoZ55YE&pp=sAQA

592.  Strictly Soulmates Young, Muslim & In Love (Relationship Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bn78zvkkcn4&pp=sAQA

593.  Subic Bay’s Sex Bars  The Children Of The Sex Trade (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxQm6xyDGdo&pp=sAQA

594.  Suicide And Me What Drove My Dad To End It All (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDiBDAyL_dQ&pp=sAQA

595.  Suing The Police  The Briefs (Criminal Law Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLcvDw75oFs&pp=sAQA

596.  Superhuman Geniuses (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvDuqW9SFT8&pp=sAQA

597.  Superstrong Superhumans (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anzb9vEH5q4&pp=sAQA

598.  Surf Girls Jamaica (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaTUYaSD-wA&pp=sAQA

599.  Surviving A&E Junior Doctor Diaries  Part 2 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e92lvrAp8vo&pp=sAQA

600.  Surviving American High School Becoming a Teen Father (Social Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z67doq_XK9U&pp=sAQA

601.  Surviving Guantanamo Bay (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l28pCjRInl8&pp=sAQA

602.  Surviving High School and Chicago Winter (Homelessness Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FX3QgQIbVy4&pp=sAQA

603.  Suspicious Death of a Blind Woman What Happened to Holly Bartlett (Crime Story)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szxyOJNTYZ0&pp=sAQA

604.  Swim the Channel (Wholesome Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnzqa4jyR20&pp=sAQA

605.  Take a Haunting Aerial Tour of an Abandoned Theme Park (Drones In Forbidden Zones)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_mdqleBWNU&pp=sAQA

606.  Take Me To Prom (Award-Winning Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OactzjSAlT4&pp=sAQA

607.  Take Pride In Your Natural Hair! Nancy's Workshop (Feel-Good Short Film)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfAfK42hBq8&pp=sAQA

608.  Taking On the Taliban The Life of US Troops in Afghanistan (War POV Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqOqui0OyV4&pp=sAQA

609.  Tamer's Dream (Refugee Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFG0z0_Ae88&pp=sAQA

610.  TB Return Of The Plague (Disease Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xLd76RMMyk&pp=sAQA

611.  Tearing my Family Apart (Separation Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkKLs6pGKEM&pp=sAQA

612.  Ted Kazinsky The Real Unabomber (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPlCBpILQ8c&pp=sAQA

613.  Teenage Japanese Killers (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0K7nycw6Cs&pp=sAQA

614.  Teenager on the Run The Legend of the Barefoot Bandit (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=144TR3ejIts&pp=sAQA

615.  Teenager Tries To Reunite Her Dysfunctional Family  Communion (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibhVoPbp27M&pp=sAQA

616.  Teenagers From Hell (Rebellious Children Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLCvWcrD_yw&pp=sAQA

617.  Teens Waiting For Marriage The True Love Waits Movement (Abstinence Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPQNO_rMYnQ&pp=sAQA

618.  Texas Teenage Virgins (Virginity Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ptrf6-fb6Q&pp=sAQA

619.  The 2 Million Calorie Buffet (Overeating Documentary)  Real Stories .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urEwGu7GO-s&pp=sAQA

620.  The Abortion Hotline (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32ik1Ad8KZY&pp=sAQA

621.  The Angel Of Death (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MYYt_REXQA&pp=sAQA

622.  The Big Eat (Competitive Eating Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhtQ8JyhaHA&pp=sAQA

623.  The Big Gyspy Eviction (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAYyCte8nHQ&pp=sAQA

624.  The Bigamist Bride My Five Husbands (Polyandry Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clsrL6F0wKM&pp=sAQA

625.  The Billion Dollar Industry Of Sex Trafficking (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ydmpSw-pmM&pp=sAQA

626.  The Bluebeard Case (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4foWUpoWwxI&pp=sAQA

627.  The Boy They Call Chucky (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zadfpRwNRwQ&pp=sAQA

628.  The Boy Who Can Never Grow Old (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqu0PClV_tE&pp=sAQA

629.  The Boy Who Can't Forget (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Bnu0UrgxBg&pp=sAQA

630.  The Boy Who Rushed (Missing Person Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsMuX8af1Bo&pp=sAQA

631.  The Boy Who'll Never Grow Up (Extraordinary Person Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1b8nnZVg_3c&pp=sAQA

632.  The Boys Joined At The Head  Journey To Separation (Conjoined Twins Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2A-TwTNMss&pp=sAQA

633.  The Briefs  Part One (Criminal Law Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWTcg8Ye6fI&pp=sAQA

634.  The British Boy Who Tried To Murder Donald Trump (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwP6J3t19PY&pp=sAQA

635.  The Brothers Who Aged Backwards (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duMN992KfiY&pp=sAQA

636.  The Cancer Gene In the Family (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82Vm6Z7RzoM&pp=sAQA

637.  The Cardboard Train (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P515S52reuU&pp=sAQA

638.  The Child Who's Addicted To Vodka  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWU1YlYgkBc&pp=sAQA

639.  The Children Left Behind (Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bd1dJbP6hD0&pp=sAQA

640.  The Children Left Behind By War  My Dad's Army (War Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dI0LVVJBdyY&pp=sAQA

641.  The Church Code of Silence (Corrupt Priest Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3Mdd56mx3o&pp=sAQA

642.  The CIA’s Secret Experiments (Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXHBF5O5uAM&pp=sAQA

643.  The Coffee Man How to Be a World Champion Barista (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOP2Y12r3oI&t=2s&pp=sAQA

644.  The Cost of Sushi Emptying The Seas (Environmental Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGst82DiJyc&pp=sAQA

645.  The D.C. Snipers A Man and a Boy (Tragedy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3MYY4SN8ts&pp=sAQA

646.  The Day I Snapped (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoI1pC3Dtg8&pp=sAQA

647.  The Death of Kurt Cobain Was All As It Seemed (Investigative Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXrZp9bNS2s&pp=sAQA

648.  The Devil Operation (Corporation Vs. People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkI10sRQQ5A&pp=sAQA

649.  The Devil's Children (Witch Children Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuCk_w1nA7k&pp=sAQA

650.  The Doctor Who Gave Up Drugs Episode 1 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_ggnhpGvvA&pp=sAQA

651.  The Doctor Who Gave Up Drugs Episode 2 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjn4f8YHhfU&pp=sAQA

652.  The Dreamers (Immigration Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pljarY7BCn4&pp=sAQA

653.  The End Of Ageing (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_nzwflugeg&pp=sAQA

654.  The End of Truth (Conflict Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5c6IOxzX5g&pp=sAQA

655.  The Entity (Sleep Paralysis Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jthU9G5PSho&pp=sAQA

656.  The Ex-Godfather Life After The Mafia (Organized Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUS_e4qV4Ek&pp=sAQA

657.  The Extraordinary Case of Alex Lewis (Miracle Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMqeMcIO_9w&pp=sAQA

658.  The Extraordinary Story Of 4 Identical Children (Quadruplets Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeNMYomttUw&pp=sAQA

659.  The Fall of El Chapo (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpwDFXxlS4k&pp=sAQA

660.  The Fall Of The Berlin Wall What Happened (Borders Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gG0U5DD0mpw&pp=sAQA

661.  The Families Forced Into Homelessness No Place To Call Home (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1IziIrfCp4&pp=sAQA

662.  The Farmer Who Took On Monsanto (David Vs. Goliath Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwLy9q7Eoj4&pp=sAQA

663.  The Fat Virus (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzrEobx70n8&pp=sAQA

664.  The Fearless Kingpin Behind Pablo Escobar (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfF9kczp5gc&pp=sAQA

665.  The Final Cut (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6muV8Eqk1wQ&pp=sAQA

666.  The French Connection Inside The New Mafias (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xqe4pbXTRvU&pp=sAQA

667.  The French Jack The Ripper (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZR1I1wBJUe4&pp=sAQA

668.  The Girl With The New Face (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjpTVYVM5wQ&pp=sAQA

669.  The Great Sperm Race (Human Reproduction Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qegAMEZ_Ok&pp=sAQA

670.  The Green Line The Wall that Stands Between Two Warring Factions  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MK52T9ULsuI&pp=sAQA

671.  The Green-Fingered Thief (Bizarre Crime Story)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-I-3dNavQU&pp=sAQA

672.  The Gun Store (Gun Violence Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-UThVLd_jY&pp=sAQA

673.  The Hair-In-Hand Killer (True Crime Story)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDznYjOKJ9E&pp=sAQA

674.  The Haircut (Light-Hearted Short Film)  Real Stories Indie Docs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVsSN1TzizA&pp=sAQA

675.  The Hard-Knock Life of a Bouncer (Night-Life Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jwSaCUbEWQ&pp=sAQA

676.  The Human Camera (Autistic Savant Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phkNgC8Vxj4&pp=sAQA

677.  The ICE Epidemic Australia's Deadly Addiction (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhLzeLO0e84&pp=sAQA

678.  The Impossible Journey Of Marathon Boy (Inspirational Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRX1NVqP8p0&pp=sAQA

679.  The Indian Miracle (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGkKjtduZSc&pp=sAQA

680.  The Insider Violent Mexican Drug Cartels In Acapulco (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ke9aJaHH8HM&pp=sAQA

681.  The Jonestown Massacre Paradise Lost (Cult Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWqACvTknls&pp=sAQA

682.  The Killer Taxi Driver (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7V7eD8cxlE&pp=sAQA

683.  The Killing Spree That Changed UK Gun Laws Hungerford Massacre (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wW7fGe745A&pp=sAQA

684.  The King And His People The Swazi's Struggle (Monarchy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vC9ZOKBZVrA&pp=sAQA

685.  The Last Coal Miners (Injustice Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DNng0Ca39s&pp=sAQA

686.  The Last Dukes (British Aristocracy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_5guNuh0hU&pp=sAQA

687.  The Last Prayer Christians in the Middle East (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-E1n9Nz-is&pp=sAQA

688.  The Legends Of Santa (Christmas Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crocEiyluyk&pp=sAQA

689.  The Life Of President-Elect Joe Biden From Tragedy To Triumph  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VaqzkOs4-UU&pp=sAQA

690.  The Liquid Bomb Plot (Terrorism Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIJFiqy35KM&pp=sAQA

691.  The Lost Orphan Mirela's Story (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkmf5Dkmujg&pp=sAQA

692.  The Lovers Who Killed Children (Serial Killer Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IN8uMzvbglY&pp=sAQA

693.  The Luton Double Murders (Murder Investigation Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRcjw5e1Bvw&pp=sAQA

694.  The Mafia's Secret Bunkers (Organised Crime Documentary)  Real Stories .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9aZwvfVnfI&pp=sAQA

695.  The Man Who Ate Himself To Death (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucvlKvnUdgg&pp=sAQA

696.  The Man Who Built A Yacht In His Garden & Sailed It Around The World  Kiwi Breeze  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMWaLcYeBYk&pp=sAQA

697.  The Man Who Killed Versace (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKbqs3DlDIE&pp=sAQA

698.  The Man Who Lives Without Money (A Different Drummer)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chVKpyjmE6w&pp=sAQA

699.  The Man Who Loved The Number 12 (Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQWsfdwa14U&pp=sAQA

700.  The Man Who Shared His Liver (Organ Donor Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vfHu7eGj08&pp=sAQA

701.  The Man Who Skied Down Everest (Oscar-Winning Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViFmRQx66Xg&pp=sAQA

702.  The Man With The Seven Second Memory (Amnesia Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_P7Y0-wgos&pp=sAQA

703.  The Masses (Multicultural Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Docs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6zqz_jZKHc&pp=sAQA

704.  The Men Who Profit When Businesses Fail The Liquidators (Business Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMXS5aJF788&pp=sAQA

705.  The Men With Many Wives (Polygamy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxU5Xhyljvs&pp=sAQA

706.  The Middle Men (Human Interest Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9qzLXH2EWQ&pp=sAQA

707.  The Miracle Baby Of Haiti (Medical Miracle Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLwmGQjuME0&pp=sAQA

708.  The Missing (Missing Person Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1EkZK6ChIk&pp=sAQA

709.  The Mom Who Lost All of Her Children In Separate Shootings  Walk Good  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8kJ8Ca7zcY&pp=sAQA

710.  The Murderous Poet (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTdo-agVVdo&pp=sAQA

711.  The Mysterious Man Behind The Bellman Equation (Hidden Figure Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8I6LIV-c5I&pp=sAQA

712.  The Nurture Room (Child Psychology Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XFjLdNO4FU&pp=sAQA

713.  The Paedophile Next Door (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClRxuu-Pd4Y&pp=sAQA

714.  The Panama Papers Behind the Scheme (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTlzLADvLfA&pp=sAQA

715.  The Path to Shaolin (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pD95gU0KeZs&pp=sAQA

716.  The Perilous Life of an Australian Debt Collector  Little Joe  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3-e4YJOfi0&pp=sAQA

717.  The Picnic (Adoption Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfHVZe0mQIc&pp=sAQA

718.  The Price of Fairness (Social Experiment Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jCoioOMGTU&pp=sAQA

719.  The Price Of Going Undercover (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqsaOADmNK4&pp=sAQA

720.  The Prince (Royalty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6TYK2WBqUY&pp=sAQA

721.  The Process Will the PalestineIsrael Conflict Ever End (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9iItrmKY9k&pp=sAQA

722.  The Real Pablo Escobar Exposed (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPZu4_6SjF4&pp=sAQA

723.  The Real Peaky Blinders  Infamous Gangs Of Birmingham (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7urznBqo0w4&pp=sAQA

724.  The Red Lion (British Drinking Culture Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFKVMDj04Dg&pp=sAQA

725.  The Regretful Life of a Death Row Executioner (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JS5avm0g-4&pp=sAQA

726.  The Robbery that Went Wrong Teen Sentenced to Life (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEIpH_bofFU&pp=sAQA

727.  The Roux Legacy (Episode 1)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DoKhfJFmGs&pp=sAQA

728.  The Roux Legacy (Episode 2)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eqhbIDd0A4&pp=sAQA

729.  The Roux Legacy (Episode 3)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bk5lMoKX88g&pp=sAQA

730.  The Rules of the Game (Cultural Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdtQyIphI0M&pp=sAQA

731.  The Russians Are Coming (Super Rich Russians Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zIeW4sOom8&pp=sAQA

732.  The Serpent's Tooth (Spy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ob_Y8F23ULw&pp=sAQA

733.  The Sham Marriage Racket (Immigration Law Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OutNNbD6lfE&pp=sAQA

734.  The Snowflake Generation  Rise Of The Trolls (Online Bullying Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3f6pbQn4Zg&pp=sAQA

735.  The Soleilland Case (Full Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnVE4f0j8Zk&pp=sAQA

736.  The Spider’s Web Britain’s Second Empire (British Conspiracy Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdEKbbhxiUE&pp=sAQA

737.  The Square Egypt At War (Oscar-Nominated Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a6SLuVtiVU&pp=sAQA

738.  The Stolen Spain's Missing Babies (Trafficking Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZJqHGP_P98&pp=sAQA

739.  The Story of an Ageing Stuntman  The Guy  Real Stories Indie Docs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XuTWsE8T5Rk&pp=sAQA

740.  The Story Of Britain's Youngest Serial Killer (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGMXuIxiMFE&pp=sAQA

741.  The Story of the Jewish Neo-Nazi Surviving My Skinhead Past (Redemption Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hpqt6IMzvuQ&pp=sAQA

742.  The Struggles of the Roma (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8u2GpBItvbw&pp=sAQA

743.  The Suicide Tourist Our Right To Die Together (Euthanasia Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJk-Qj-k7dY&pp=sAQA

744.  The Town That Took On The Taxman (Tax Revolt Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipV_GU7YaQg&pp=sAQA

745.  The Tragic Story Of Flight 93 (911 Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBbVCfJfQQY&pp=sAQA

746.  The Transplant Trade (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVGfsTm21Bk&pp=sAQA

747.  The Trouble with Atheism (Religious Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6MrktRKfJU&pp=sAQA

748.  The Truth About 911  The British Conspiracy Road Trip (US History Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WirEgSaCzeQ&pp=sAQA

749.  The Truth about French Women (Culture Documentary)  Real Storie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hB1uhLhTxaw&pp=sAQA

750.  The Truth About Your Teeth (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPwwJgw5xio&pp=sAQA

751.  The Truth About Your Teeth Episode 2 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3J9wTyRKD4U&pp=sAQA

752.  The Unknown Runner (Underdog Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzJbfqui9GA&pp=sAQA

753.  The Viral Dancing Filipino Prisoners (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEawuJ4hvec&pp=sAQA

754.  The Wall That Divides North And South Korea (Borders Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxGp5-PDkzk&pp=sAQA

755.  The Wall That Divides The U.S. & Mexico (Busy Border Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xg37oP80QKw&pp=sAQA

756.  The Walton Sextuplets At 30 (Amazing Humans Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGdKp-QgcX4&pp=sAQA

757.  The White Slums Of South Africa (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba3E-Ha5Efc&pp=sAQA

758.  The White Widow (Samantha Lewthwaite Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmVmi_5dtJs&pp=sAQA

759.  The Winner Loser (Extraordinary Person Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnEb2hkcTC8&pp=sAQA

760.  The Witches' Brew (Narcotics Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sM84rkfZK-U&pp=sAQA

761.  The World's Only LGBT Political Party (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFxfTUSgmuM&pp=sAQA

762.  The World's Smallest Muscleman (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-6zRlW7QHI&pp=sAQA

763.  These Men Work in an Active Volcano  Gate of Hell (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0ykAORCvxU&pp=sAQA

764.  These Recovering Addicts Formed The Ultimate Orchestra (Inspirational Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qxo2LYKP5ic&pp=sAQA

765.  These Social Media Addicts Had to Go Cold Turkey for One Week  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0AyUVv9z08&pp=sAQA

766.  These War Veterans Were Sick of Hollywood Military Movies So They Made Their Own!  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0vL6g24W7A&pp=sAQA

767.  These Women Had Babies in Indiana Women's Prison (Prison Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gj9tTiacKZY&pp=sAQA

768.  This Cashier Can Do Amazing Things With Numbers! (Savant Short Film)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lR4AB6dKBv4&pp=sAQA

769.  This Girl Has Two Faces (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVSxLFM3ABE&pp=sAQA

770.  This Heavily Tattooed Man Wears Make Up To See How People Treat Him  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGE1yWnSvv4&pp=sAQA

771.  This Presenter Was Challenged To Survive In The Ghetto For Just One Month  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkJSQ3_tFf8&pp=sAQA

772.  This Woman Wears Fake Tattoos To See If People Will Treat Her Differently  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tadfza2g4to&pp=sAQA

773.  Three Convicted Abusers Face Group Therapy  Group (Domestic Abuse Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBYsP8CjRGY&pp=sAQA

774.  Three Couples Who Overcame Life-Changing Injuries (Love Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1-lDcTSrIU&pp=sAQA

775.  Three Girls Who Lived and Died Online (Inspirational Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPQrt6sw9RU&pp=sAQA

776.  Through The Eyes Of Children (Extraordinary People Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fQggqiLsWc&pp=sAQA

777.  Thrown Into The Deep End Junior Doctor Diaries  Part 3 (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKWgzSS5ifo&pp=sAQA

778.  Tony I've Lost My Family (Young Runaway Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u54d_3_qM_Q&pp=sAQA

779.  Too Fat To Toddle (Childhood Obesity Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HW_e8iFwL_s&pp=sAQA

780.  Too Scared For School (Bullying Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vo5CDev36gI&pp=sAQA

781.  Tourettes And Me (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTcDhf--IT4&pp=sAQA

782.  Trafficked In Suburbia (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xOtOpbAZo8&pp=sAQA

783.  Tragedy On The Train Tracks (Coroner's Office Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aF8zA6umlag&pp=sAQA

784.  Transforming Gender (Transgender Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B67OVJTyV0I&pp=sAQA

785.  Transforming Terrible Tattoos The Cover Artist (Uplifting Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbUcX2enfXQ&pp=sAQA

786.  Trapped By The Internet The Elodie Morel Case (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjdB2Qm_XQI&pp=sAQA

787.  Trapped Cash Bail In America  Official Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAgTsVjlN9w&pp=sAQA

788.  Trapped Cash Bail In America.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNzNBn2iuq0&pp=sAQA

789.  Trapped Miners Behind The Chile 33 (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udRv8jQri5k&pp=sAQA

790.  Trauma, Abuse & Painting Soul Energy Jay's Story  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrValsqPqBQ&pp=sAQA

791.  Travelling On Trash (Adventure Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFISoqWGSZg&pp=sAQA

792.  Trawlermen's Lives (Extreme Jobs Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjsgD7xcaU0&pp=sAQA

793.  Trial Of A Child Denied (Female Sterilisation Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oqip2Mh_D2Y&pp=sAQA

794.  True Crime Story Britain's First Female Life Sentence (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2UPB1GFmtc&pp=sAQA

795.  True Crime Story Dr Death - Britain's Biggest Serial Killer (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-KVuVjmjmU&pp=sAQA

796.  True Crime Story Hunting Raoul Moat (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-z1FxN_Kc1I&pp=sAQA

797.  True Crime Story Mississippi Burning (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8cVY-E5eyg&pp=sAQA

798.  True Crime Story Murder At The Station [Part 1] (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f73hmdHDFiM&pp=sAQA

799.  True Crime Story Murder at the Station [Part 2] (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2VAFHCV-d8&pp=sAQA

800.  True Crime Story Murder In Suburbia (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrOcyEh733w&pp=sAQA

801.  True Crime Story Searching For Akia Eggleston (Missing Persons Series)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOFdcsQZNxY&pp=sAQA

802.  True Crime Story Searching For Jenna Van Gelderen (Missing Persons Series)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmgW0cAacOw&pp=sAQA

803.  True Crime Story Searching For Nancy Moyer (Missing Persons Series)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6m5r64VRI8c&pp=sAQA

804.  True Crime Story The Killer Caretaker (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OF6z5DTeSDQ&pp=sAQA

805.  True Crime Story The Nightmare Nurse (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eerUbqV6Md4&pp=sAQA

806.  True Crime Story Was Charles Manson Born To Kill (Psychopath Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgyLGLwIBeI&pp=sAQA

807.  Tupamaro Urban Guerrillas (Vigilante Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65PoxDg09Hw&pp=sAQA

808.  Turning Muslim in Texas (Religion Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pO3ip2kRfw&pp=sAQA

809.  Twilight Of The Yakuza (Organised Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojdt50q_Htk&pp=sAQA

810.  Two Children with Undiagnosed Disabilities  The Unconditional  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dNk3GR1Y0Q&pp=sAQA

811.  Two Weeks Living On The Streets Britain's Poverty Problem (Breadline Story)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfBg3X4cG58&pp=sAQA

812.  UK and US Families Swap Lives (Culture Clash Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-VHKTRfOPs&pp=sAQA

813.  Ukweli (Truth)  A New Original Documentary  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmN56_LWTxs&pp=sAQA

814.  Ultimate Girl Gang Britain's Biggest Shoplifting Network (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMHZOUCfFzY&pp=sAQA

815.  Under Attack Being Gay In Russia (Reggie Yates Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZE-HnXGb6A&pp=sAQA

816.  Undercover Crossing the Line (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij6p-oYAV6Y&pp=sAQA

817.  Unforgiven The Boys Who Killed A Child (Jamie Bulger Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrkQe4tyJnQ&pp=sAQA

818.  Unholy War Into Afghanistan (Afghanistan Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L85mCqwEcHU&pp=sAQA

819.  Untouchable Love (Forbidden Love Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIN5ySSYuZ4&pp=sAQA

820.  Unveiled Honour Killings (Honour Killing Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98JWUtdj_Vg&pp=sAQA

821.  Vanished The Missing Surrey Schoolgirl (Unsolved Case Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfkAO8VcKBg&pp=sAQA

822.  Veterans Vs. Poachers (Wildlife Protection Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_8fM660tSY&pp=sAQA

823.  Violet Vixen (Drag Kid Documentary)  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9ZqQ52S9h0&pp=sAQA

824.  Virgin Soldiers (Modern Military Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKJaJIWD7ts&pp=sAQA

825.  Visiting Dad in Prison  American High School In The South (Social Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avgQtchoMBM&pp=sAQA

826.  Voodoo Killing The Boy in the Thames (Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjSenI4kJao&pp=sAQA

827.  Walk With The Wounded Prince Harry's Arctic Adventure  Part 1  (Royal Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sev9HpP4HCs&pp=sAQA

828.  Walking On Landmines (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pC_O7d1iv8w&pp=sAQA

829.  War Child Children Of Gaza (Conflict Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ul0C8BJbLiM&pp=sAQA

830.  Wedding Days (Marriage Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op9C7QkDXlE&pp=sAQA

831.  What Happened to Burma's Royal Family (Fallen Monarch Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-F4qEWgihQ&pp=sAQA

832.  What Happened To Special Constable Nisha (Murder Investigation Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pop53FPiBWM&pp=sAQA

833.  What Happened to The World's Fair (History Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_l6dVP0lFI&pp=sAQA

834.  What Killed The American Middle Class (Financial Crash Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCX__y00GG0&pp=sAQA

835.  What Made Fred West a Notorious Serial Killer (Crime Documentary)  Born To Kill  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bY0PqtRsX_A&pp=sAQA

836.  What Really Killed Michael Jackson (Mystery Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lc3fzQzsA00&pp=sAQA

837.  What Went Wrong in Chicago America's Most Segregated City (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ot7xCM-Oeig&pp=sAQA

838.  What Would Make A Dad Kill His Two Daughters (Honor Killing Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EUfxrtFGzA&pp=sAQA

839.  When Churchill Met Stalin  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoWB6SR90lk&pp=sAQA

840.  When Cops Kill Two Black Men A Week (Police Brutality Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAyXZEfP1Ts&pp=sAQA

841.  When Dogs Grow Old  In Dog Years  (Animal Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Docs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC6IwyhN54M&pp=sAQA

842.  When Rich People Break The Law (Wealth Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbnCVDK504s&pp=sAQA

843.  Where Does Fake News Come From (Social Media Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3ZrWkteQ00&pp=sAQA

844.  White, Male and Working Class Left Behind (Professor Green Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVWaHgvEQUo&pp=sAQA

845.  Who Killed Capitalism (Global Crash Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPSkhgXMPJ8&pp=sAQA

846.  Who REALLY Killed Sam Cooke (Murder Mystery Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6FEFy30o3o&pp=sAQA

847.  Why Are My Friends Killing Themselves (Mental Health Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzkAahsr5qY&pp=sAQA

848.  Why Did People Vote For Trump (Politics Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vl4UW6I0-cI&pp=sAQA

849.  Why Is Everything Made In China (Mass Production Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MNXTX4_NrFo&pp=sAQA

850.  Why Men Wear Dresses (Transvestite Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mf7dCZrQ5sg&pp=sAQA

851.  Woman Travels To Japan To Find Long-Lost Childhood Friend  Finding Fukue  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nza96WBvdak&pp=sAQA

852.  Women in the Arab World  A Revolution in Four Seasons (Global Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUI1GVLHm_g&pp=sAQA

853.  Working 100 Hours A Week To Just About Make It (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZVErGOKc6c&pp=sAQA

854.  Working In Asia's Largest Slum The Clothing Factory (Poverty Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ku237i8oGJI&pp=sAQA

855.  World Of Weird The One With LARPing and Bearded Ladies (Subculture Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FEVihCc5So&pp=sAQA

856.  World Of Weird The One With Prancercise and Body Pillows (Subculture Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDFpTH-jo0Y&pp=sAQA

857.  World War 2 1941 And The Man Of Steel  Part 1 (WW2 Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7wRjfvoTC8&pp=sAQA

858.  World War 2 1941 And The Man Of Steel  Part 2 (WW2 Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NG-IpMjtXY&pp=sAQA

859.  World's Best Chefs Assemble as World's Best Restaurant Closes (Culinary Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzF5JOFK6sE&pp=sAQA

860.  World's Best Monster Mystery Loch Ness (Mystery Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynUunC3YFkM&pp=sAQA

861.  World's Biggest Boy  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qucv8-8yrms&pp=sAQA

862.  World's Smallest People (Little People Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7jSrKZ2WYw&pp=sAQA

863.  Would You Help This Woman  Real Stories Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWaiDYHDHhM&pp=sAQA

864.  Would You Turn Your Cat Into A Drone  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lW0hyg4kfaw&pp=sAQA

865.  YEOOO!! 72 Hours in Belfast's Holylands (St. Patrick's Day Documentary)  Real Stories Indie Doc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdU9_yDGLSg&pp=sAQA

866.  You Asked to See the Monster... (True Crime Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCEYFxJRcGM&pp=sAQA

867.  You'll Never Walk Alone The Song That Changed Everything (Culture Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjriA6oDjdw&pp=sAQA

868.  You, Me and Cancer (Medical Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FSZzt90RMk&pp=sAQA

869.  Young Carers Looking After Mum (Family Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u63MbY8CCDA&pp=sAQA

870.  Zero Tolerance (School Shooter Documentary)  Real Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWWeysV6CC8&pp=sAQA
Real Stories