
(1.3) Lyricus - Discourse 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Psbc5XNfNTk&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

(2.3) Lyricus - Discourse 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6h36kshcxQ&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

(3.3) Lyricus - Discourse 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a7kSMWcuGQ&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

A Sandrevan Lullaby - WingMakers Six Heart Virtues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woqRRrQCDWg&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Arrival, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASRbF3CQ7QQ&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Awake and Waiting, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaxIvmVMBGY&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Bandages of the Beast, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0o3CsfjDQY&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Chamber 24
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXjaDLd2Zkg&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

Compassion - WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6PSA57XPlk&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Desert Moon by Vima Lamura and For You by Wingmakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_k2h5wKTMY&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Final Dream, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pkv8d7Y7jhc&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

First Source Transmission (Multi subtitles) - My Central Message (1201725)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSM7hZl-c80&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

First Source Transmission (Multi subtitles) - My Central Message
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSM7hZl-c80&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

Forever, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3dNfl2iFGY&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Forgiver, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qv-vqz0Sw44&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Half Mine, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ULeZ2TCudY&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Hearing You Now...Lao Tsu, Tao Te Ching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xWybYcUykw&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

I AM WE ARE - YO SOY SOMOS - James Mahu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S08A3DDRQlI&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

I AM WE ARE, James Mahu (1065277)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1m_A3FiWco&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

I AM WE ARE, James Mahu (1939767)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1m_A3FiWco&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

I AM WE ARE, James Mahu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1m_A3FiWco&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

I Built an Unethical Zoo Where Nobody Is Safe - Planet Zoo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19JYOVPmwDM&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

I Think of You, Rodriguez & WingMakers Art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCZtUdpwOHY&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Imperishable, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctiBJ6CgR2M&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

In the Kindness of Sleep, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txOeWdmi5I8&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Language of Innocence, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPXqQbLnVl0&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Lao Tzu + WingMakers + Hendrix = Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8czO6k8pYA&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Longing, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rk23__uC8LE&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Love Wins - WINGMAKERS (1375528)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THIwn9_30oU&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

Love Wins - WINGMAKERS (1431378)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THIwn9_30oU&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

Love Wins - WINGMAKERS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THIwn9_30oU&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Lovesong...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6J1pjUgBds&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Lyricus Affirmation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iXlYqpa9AQ&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Lyricus Techniques of the Intuitive Intelligence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bkyKaFMfG8&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

Lyricus, Discourse One - 1 of 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_IRyQmoksgw&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Lyricus, Discourse One - 2 of 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7vcB3_JnUQ&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Manifesto of the Sovereign Integral
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88XsXs9UzvA&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Meditations in TimeSpace 4 - WingMakers Subtítulos en Español
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtsfVZkaft0&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

Missing, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0V7XA3Yo-E&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Motorcycle - As The Rush Comes (OFFICIAL VIDEO)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGH8rnraxoE&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

My Heart's a Stereo - WingMakers Six Heart Virtues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4Ar2cUql8Q&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Native American Sleep Music canyon flute & nocturnal canyon sounds, sleep meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dr2VyUvzrwI&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

Nature of Angels, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wX4hwxAAUD4&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Never To Forget You, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56RUbHfS57w&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

New 10 Minute Grounding Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbv-CSQ-QWI&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

Of A Single Wing, WingMakers (1795616)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4B1u7dbxps&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Of A Single Wing, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXBTKR6K3SM&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Of Luminous Things, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyj6XIhyyOc&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Of This Place, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ropB2ocMhuQ&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Secret Language, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsNrm3sSLMA&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Separate Being, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZM5G2EnlyUE&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Shamanic Dream by Vima Lamura and Signals to Her Heart by WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hH9akF--Y4&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Song of Whales, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2VMqa5aftE&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Soul's Photograph, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibVGPy-dIhY&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

The Energetic Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pt3bBFqLXLQ&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

The Grand Portal - WingMakers - Spanish and English Subtitles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkiXl9vRgIk&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

The key to the universe (432hz Dance of the Sacred Union)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aP96gYlbtK4&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

The Path of Unity Through the Virtues of the Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_jP3eDkykM&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

The Qualities of Love - WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWF82zO0P9k&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

The Rising Heart - Wingmakers- James Mahu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFNVdhm3ODc&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

The Wingmakers Chamber 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCsFIHIIc3w&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

Transparent Things, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIUt69yTnyg&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Utterly Unafraid, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJkrh8x6SBo&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Walk In The Sky, Fearless by Vima Lamura
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FCVJk1wnew&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Where We Always Are, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TpZV799BQs&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Window, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyRgvhsEc4w&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Wingmakers  Art and Music  Chamber 09 (1250194)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VdSfE98GKo&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

Wingmakers  Art and Music  Chamber 09
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VdSfE98GKo&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

WingMakers + Elfhood = L O V E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abq6LDMiAwI&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

WingMakers - Ancient Arrow Project - Chamber 17 (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDu2J0MIzsU&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

WingMakers - Ancient Arrow Project - Chamber 22 (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_AxjSpQv-8&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

WingMakers - Ancient Arrow Project - Chambers 01-09
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iphx2PU_sqs&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

WingMakers - Ancient Arrow Project - Chambers 11-17 (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzv552_bOo0&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

WingMakers - Heart Songs - The Rising Heart (44) (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKrzw5vmFP4&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

WINGMAKERS 1998-2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoprNBNKCz8&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

WingMakers Chamber 7 - Union
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uN2EcFBcFq8&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

WingMakers Hakomi 18 - Another
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJJP5SZA5Mw&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

WingMakers Hakomi 7, Warm Presence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7B4T69sruPM&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

WingMakers Hakomi One - A Fire For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tu5Nssww24&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Wingmakers james interview (1)  2008?4?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIrC8NJaAk4&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

WINGMAKERS JAMES INTERVIEW 2013
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baN48zhFGzY&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

Wingmakers james interview 2013?6? (1125266)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJ2UvXorGYE&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

Wingmakers james interview 2013?6? (1822523)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJ2UvXorGYE&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

Wingmakers james interview 2013?6?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJ2UvXorGYE&list=PLesKGKVi_heNeXmsqBY8JKuItOMQsQl8L

Wingmakers James speaks about the access the higher frequencies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fq4yEuQq0uY&list=PL6jmnB7zReRA86Xes0cTk4HzNYVHbAwRY

WingMakers Zyanya 24 - Broken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgiHBgCTSqs&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

Wishing Light, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzPerxWUS78&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd

With You, WingMakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYcpX7GQhTQ&list=PLSreh-UX5joE12a9jNWexzdADsHocQfvd
WingMakers