
10. Rupert Holmes - Escape (The Piña Colada Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TazHNpt6OTo&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

12. Marvin Gaye & Tammi Terrell - Ain't No Mountain High Enough.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-C_3eYj-pOM&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

5. Elvin Bishop - Fooled Around and Fell in Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyMMEmwFQUE&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

7. Jackson 5 - I Want You Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGDyAb6pePo&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

a-ha - Take On Me (Official Video) [Remastered in 4K].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djV11Xbc914&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Abba - Dancing Queen (Official Music Video Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFrGuyw1V8s&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Aerosmith -  I Don't Wanna Miss a Thing Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ss0kFNUP4P4&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Alphaville - Forever Young ~Official Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1TcDHrkQYg&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Another One Bites the Dust - Queen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wz_DNrKVrQ8&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Bee Gees - Stayin' Alive (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNFzfwLM72c&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Bobby Darin - Beyond the sea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8OlDPqYBLw&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Brenda Lee - I'm Sorry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGLR25EJtfE&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Bruce Springsteen - Born In The U.S.A..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZD4ezDbbu4&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjBwAYIxUso&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Cutting Crew - (I Just) Died In Your Arms (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dOwHzCHfgA&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Daryl Hall & John Oates - You Make My Dreams (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EErSKhC0CZs&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Do you remember(with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=413gtjyel_k&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Duran Duran - Save A Prayer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Uxc9eFcZyM&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Earth, Wind & Fire - Boogie Wonderland (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=god7hAPv8f0&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Earth, Wind & Fire - Let's Groove (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lrle0x_DHBM&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Earth, Wind & Fire - September (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gs069dndIYk&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Elton John - Don't Go Breaking My Heart (with Kiki Dee).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0qW9P-uYfM&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Elton John - Rocket Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtVBCG6ThDk&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Frank Sinatra- You make me feel so young.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZNIKZdoehE&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

George Michael - Careless Whisper (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

I Believe I can fly lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbUpPVOEkdA&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Imagine Dragons - On Top of the World - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8PrTzLaLHc&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Jet - Are You Gonna Be My Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuK6n2Lkza0&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Junior Senior - Move Your Feet (Official music video, HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPlQpGeTbIE&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Katrina & The Waves - Walking On Sunshine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPUmE-tne5U&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Laughing on the Outside, Crying on the Inside Lyrics - The End of the Fing World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpBwL1c0ZFc&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Lenny Kravitz - Low (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BilaShsQphM&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Lionel Richie - All Night Long (All Night).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqAvFx3NxUM&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Michael Buble -  Haven't Met You Yet (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBpvsSeBh54&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Michael Sembello - Maniac (1983).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evyKPVS_M7E&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Michael Sembello - Maniac.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvYQ1TNbf2g&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Montell Jordan - This Is How We Do It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hiUuL5uTKc&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

My Chemical Romance - Teenagers (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faG5mmkDbyc&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

NAT KING COLE  L-O-V-E.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JErVP6xLZwg&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Phil Collins - Another Day In Paradise (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qt2mbGP6vFI&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Phil Collins - Do You Remember -.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSW66OyZr6U&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Queen - Dont Stop Me Now (Lyrics)..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKny_ia8Fvo&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Romantics - What I Like About You • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EV_8hOLiXE&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Silver - Wham Bam Shang-A-Lang (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5iSEdo5VNI&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Simply Red - Stars (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izOdvBmTDh0&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Stayin' Alive - Bee Gees (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Vj092UgKwQ&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Stevie Wonder- Signed Sealed Delivered I'm Yours Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBDqgSOwxkc&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Tears For Fears - Everybody Wants To Rule The World (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGCdLKXNF3w&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

The Proclaimers - I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZ4Ib-7fJqY&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

The Weather Girls - It's Raining Men (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5aZJBLAu1E&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Van Halen - Jump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7q_12tYZdA&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Wham! - Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIgZ7gMze7A&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

Whitney Houston - I Will Always Love You (Official 4K Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JWTaaS7LdU&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f

[I've Had] The Time Of My Life (From Dirty Dancing Soundtrack).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eyCDj1s4NI&list=PLwCTeXeGAgEP5kPTGbWJvY7QlfxKoqG5f
Elle mills vibes