
1.  BAD FRIENDS ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SiG5cVRwpuc&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

2.  Best of The Best Wedding Fails - 2017 Edition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud0eTRNUqIE&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

3.  Bowling Fails Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arG4hMtr9uA&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

4.  Brother Fails  Bros For Life (September 2016)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gw-RXbESNp4&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

5.  Celebration Fails Funny Party Fails  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2FOUE0N3MU&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

6.  Cooking Food Fails  Funny Fail Videos  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0KfinYm9rI&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

7.  Couple Fails Compilation Failed Valentines  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q09fCLMBAfs&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

8.  Disney Character Bloopers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qm62uufHUUw&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

9.  Funny Food and Cooking Fails That'll Make You Laugh  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPowGXA4vo0&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

10.  Funny School Fails  School's Out  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHs-OcIglJM&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

11.  Hilarious Cooking Fails  People Who Can't Cook  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2u1pLDrLgs&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

12.  In the Face Fails That's Going To Hurt!  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HciUUF176E&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

13.  NEW Ultimate Funny BIRTHDAY FAILS Compilation  The Sauce February 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Xy2APBH8m8&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

14.  Pools Popping.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_M3VLDH9BTU&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

15.  Sister Fails  Funny Sisters Fail Compilation  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0WlCUOaAk4&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

16.  Swimming Pool Destruction Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlQv41qROxk&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

17.  The Ultimate Birthday Fails  FunnyClix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn31mvO-gz8&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

18.  These Funny Birthday Party FAILS Will Make Your Year!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zw9rOAgGo-k&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

19.  Top 10 Disney Fails & FUNNY Star Wars Jedi Training Academy Moments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ss5ydQ2Ar64&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

20.  Top 15 wedding fail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejnElP1hgS8&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

21.  TOP 20 FUNNY THEATER FAILS, STAGE FALLS & THEATRE BLOOPERS  Theatre Fail Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yF63CZQq_M&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

22.  TOP THEATRE BLOOPERS PT 2  Theater Falls & Mishaps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkrD1xfjmIA&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

23.  Try Not to Laugh Challenge! Funny Fails  Fails of the Week  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bf2ASh5vS-s&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

24.  Ultimate Bad Friends Best of the Year  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YzDROiLxpw&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

25.  Ultimate Best Funny Wedding Fails Compilation 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1Wi-pJ5RfA&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

26.  Weddings gone wrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2TlDWt03hE&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

27.  Will You Marry Me  Funny Marriage Proposals Fails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDHoJs0nYOk&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm

28.  ? AFV (NEW!) Funniest Birthday Fails and Bloopers of 2016 (Funny Clips Fail Montage).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObxKpJocI_U&list=PLd5Fw5VpFeITg8vwEay7TFj--Gx_ZPOmm
Fail Army