
1.  Rachel Portman
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rachel_Portman/Rachel_Portman.txt

2.  Radie Britain
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Radie_Britain/Radie_Britain.txt

3.  Rafael Andia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rafael_Andia/Rafael_Andia.txt

4.  Rafael Antonio Castellanos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rafael_Antonio_Castellanos/Rafael_Antonio_Castellanos.txt

5.  Rafael Calleja Gómez
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rafael_Calleja_Gómez/Rafael_Calleja_Gómez.txt

6.  Rafal Augustyn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rafal_Augustyn/Rafal_Augustyn.txt

7.  Raffaele Calace
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Raffaele_Calace/Raffaele_Calace.txt

8.  Raffaello de Banfield
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Raffaello_de_Banfield/Raffaello_de_Banfield.txt

9.  Ragnar Søderlind
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ragnar_Søderlind/Ragnar_Søderlind.txt

10.  Rahul Dev Burman
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rahul_Dev_Burman/Rahul_Dev_Burman.txt

11.  Raimond Lap
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Raimond_Lap/Raimond_Lap.txt

12.  Raimondo Boucheron
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Raimondo_Boucheron/Raimondo_Boucheron.txt

13.  Ralf Gothóni
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ralf_Gothóni/Ralf_Gothóni.txt

14.  Ralph Benatzky
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ralph_Benatzky/Ralph_Benatzky.txt

15.  Ralph Evans
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ralph_Evans/Ralph_Evans.txt

16.  Ralph Lyford
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ralph_Lyford/Ralph_Lyford.txt

17.  Ralph Rainger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ralph_Rainger/Ralph_Rainger.txt

18.  Ralph Shapey
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ralph_Shapey/Ralph_Shapey.txt

19.  Ralph Vaughan Williams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ralph_Vaughan_Williams/Ralph_Vaughan_Williams.txt

20.  Ralph Zurmühle
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ralph_Zurmühle/Ralph_Zurmühle.txt

21.  Rami Khalife
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rami_Khalife/Rami_Khalife.txt

22.  Ramiro Cortés
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ramiro_Cortés/Ramiro_Cortés.txt

23.  Ramon Carnicer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ramon_Carnicer/Ramon_Carnicer.txt

24.  Ramon Santos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ramon_Santos/Ramon_Santos.txt

25.  Ramon Sender
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ramon_Sender/Ramon_Sender.txt

26.  Randall Thompson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Randall_Thompson/Randall_Thompson.txt

27.  Raoul Pugno
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Raoul_Pugno/Raoul_Pugno.txt

28.  Ravi Shankar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ravi_Shankar/Ravi_Shankar.txt

29.  Ray Reach
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ray_Reach/Ray_Reach.txt

30.  Raynor Taylor
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Raynor_Taylor/Raynor_Taylor.txt

31.  Raúl Borges
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Raúl_Borges/Raúl_Borges.txt

32.  Rebecca Helferich Clarke
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rebecca_Helferich_Clarke/Rebecca_Helferich_Clarke.txt

33.  Reginald De Koven
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Reginald_De_Koven/Reginald_De_Koven.txt

34.  Reginaldus Libert
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Reginaldus_Libert/Reginaldus_Libert.txt

35.  Reinbert de Leeuw
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Reinbert_de_Leeuw/Reinbert_de_Leeuw.txt

36.  Reinhard Febel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Reinhard_Febel/Reinhard_Febel.txt

37.  Reinhard Keiser
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Reinhard_Keiser/Reinhard_Keiser.txt

38.  Reinhold Glière
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Reinhold_Glière/Reinhold_Glière.txt

39.  Renate Birnstein
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Renate_Birnstein/Renate_Birnstein.txt

40.  René Amengual
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/René_Amengual/René_Amengual.txt

41.  René Aubry
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/René_Aubry/René_Aubry.txt

42.  René Drouart de Bousset
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/René_Drouart_de_Bousset/René_Drouart_de_Bousset.txt

43.  René Leibowitz
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/René_Leibowitz/René_Leibowitz.txt

44.  René Mesangeau
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/René_Mesangeau/René_Mesangeau.txt

45.  René Wohlhauser
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/René_Wohlhauser/René_Wohlhauser.txt

46.  Rexho Mulliqi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rexho_Mulliqi/Rexho_Mulliqi.txt

47.  Reynaldo Hahn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Reynaldo_Hahn/Reynaldo_Hahn.txt

48.  Rezso Sugár
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rezso_Sugár/Rezso_Sugár.txt

49.  Rhené-Baton
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rhené-Baton/Rhené-Baton.txt

50.  Ricard Lamote de Grignon
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ricard_Lamote_de_Grignon/Ricard_Lamote_de_Grignon.txt

51.  Ricardo Llorca
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ricardo_Llorca/Ricardo_Llorca.txt

52.  Ricardo Montaner
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ricardo_Montaner/Ricardo_Montaner.txt

53.  Riccardo Barthelemy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Riccardo_Barthelemy/Riccardo_Barthelemy.txt

54.  Riccardo Broschi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Riccardo_Broschi/Riccardo_Broschi.txt

55.  Riccardo Drigo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Riccardo_Drigo/Riccardo_Drigo.txt

56.  Riccardo Malipiero
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Riccardo_Malipiero/Riccardo_Malipiero.txt

57.  Riccardo Rognoni
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Riccardo_Rognoni/Riccardo_Rognoni.txt

58.  Riccardo Zandonai
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Riccardo_Zandonai/Riccardo_Zandonai.txt

59.  Richard Addinsell
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Addinsell/Richard_Addinsell.txt

60.  Richard Allison
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Allison/Richard_Allison.txt

61.  Richard Arnell
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Arnell/Richard_Arnell.txt

62.  Richard Barrett
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Barrett/Richard_Barrett.txt

63.  Richard Barth
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Barth/Richard_Barth.txt

64.  Richard Blackford
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Blackford/Richard_Blackford.txt

65.  Richard Danielpour
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Danielpour/Richard_Danielpour.txt

66.  Richard Davy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Davy/Richard_Davy.txt

67.  Richard Dering
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Dering/Richard_Dering.txt

68.  Richard Edward Wilson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Edward_Wilson/Richard_Edward_Wilson.txt

69.  Richard Faith
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Faith/Richard_Faith.txt

70.  Richard Festinger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Festinger/Richard_Festinger.txt

71.  Richard Franck
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Franck/Richard_Franck.txt

72.  Richard Hageman
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Hageman/Richard_Hageman.txt

73.  Richard Harris
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Harris/Richard_Harris.txt

74.  Richard Harvey
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Harvey/Richard_Harvey.txt

75.  Richard Heuberger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Heuberger/Richard_Heuberger.txt

76.  Richard Hundley
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Hundley/Richard_Hundley.txt

77.  Richard Hygons
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Hygons/Richard_Hygons.txt

78.  Richard Leveridge
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Leveridge/Richard_Leveridge.txt

79.  Richard Loqueville
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Loqueville/Richard_Loqueville.txt

80.  Richard Meale
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Meale/Richard_Meale.txt

81.  Richard Mico
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Mico/Richard_Mico.txt

82.  Richard Mills
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Mills/Richard_Mills.txt

83.  Richard Rijnvos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Rijnvos/Richard_Rijnvos.txt

84.  Richard Rodgers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Rodgers/Richard_Rodgers.txt

85.  Richard Rodney Bennett
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Rodney_Bennett/Richard_Rodney_Bennett.txt

86.  Richard Rudolf Klein
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Rudolf_Klein/Richard_Rudolf_Klein.txt

87.  Richard Shephard
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Shephard/Richard_Shephard.txt

88.  Richard Storrs Willis
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Storrs_Willis/Richard_Storrs_Willis.txt

89.  Richard Strauss
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Strauss/Richard_Strauss.txt

90.  Richard Wagner
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Wagner/Richard_Wagner.txt

91.  Richard Wernick
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Wernick/Richard_Wernick.txt

92.  Richard Wetz
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Richard_Wetz/Richard_Wetz.txt

93.  Rikard Nordraak
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rikard_Nordraak/Rikard_Nordraak.txt

94.  Riz Ortolani
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Riz_Ortolani/Riz_Ortolani.txt

95.  Rob du Bois
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rob_du_Bois/Rob_du_Bois.txt

96.  Robert Aldridge
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Aldridge/Robert_Aldridge.txt

97.  Robert Ashley
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Ashley/Robert_Ashley.txt

98.  Robert Ballard
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Ballard/Robert_Ballard.txt

99.  Robert Beadell
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Beadell/Robert_Beadell.txt

100.  Robert Beaser
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Beaser/Robert_Beaser.txt

101.  Robert Broberg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Broberg/Robert_Broberg.txt

102.  Robert Cambert
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Cambert/Robert_Cambert.txt

103.  Robert Carl
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Carl/Robert_Carl.txt

104.  Robert Carver
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Carver/Robert_Carver.txt

105.  Robert Casadesus
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Casadesus/Robert_Casadesus.txt

106.  Robert Cogan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Cogan/Robert_Cogan.txt

107.  Robert de Févin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_de_Févin/Robert_de_Févin.txt

108.  Robert de Visée
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_de_Visée/Robert_de_Visée.txt

109.  Robert Dowland
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Dowland/Robert_Dowland.txt

110.  Robert Erickson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Erickson/Robert_Erickson.txt

111.  Robert Fayrfax
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Fayrfax/Robert_Fayrfax.txt

112.  Robert Fuchs
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Fuchs/Robert_Fuchs.txt

113.  Robert Helps
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Helps/Robert_Helps.txt

114.  Robert Hughes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Hughes/Robert_Hughes.txt

115.  Robert Johnson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Johnson/Robert_Johnson.txt

116.  Robert Jones
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Jones/Robert_Jones.txt

117.  Robert Kurka
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Kurka/Robert_Kurka.txt

118.  Robert Moran
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Moran/Robert_Moran.txt

119.  Robert Morton
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Morton/Robert_Morton.txt

120.  Robert Muczynski
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Muczynski/Robert_Muczynski.txt

121.  Robert Parsons
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Parsons/Robert_Parsons.txt

122.  Robert Paterson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Paterson/Robert_Paterson.txt

123.  Robert Planquette
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Planquette/Robert_Planquette.txt

124.  Robert Ramsey
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Ramsey/Robert_Ramsey.txt

125.  Robert Russell Bennett
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Russell_Bennett/Robert_Russell_Bennett.txt

126.  Robert Saxton
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Saxton/Robert_Saxton.txt

127.  Robert Schumann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Schumann/Robert_Schumann.txt

128.  Robert Scott Thompson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Scott_Thompson/Robert_Scott_Thompson.txt

129.  Robert Simpson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Simpson/Robert_Simpson.txt

130.  Robert Starer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Starer/Robert_Starer.txt

131.  Robert Sterling Arnold
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Sterling_Arnold/Robert_Sterling_Arnold.txt

132.  Robert Stoepel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Stoepel/Robert_Stoepel.txt

133.  Robert Stolz
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Stolz/Robert_Stolz.txt

134.  Robert Strassburg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Strassburg/Robert_Strassburg.txt

135.  Robert Voisey
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Voisey/Robert_Voisey.txt

136.  Robert Volkmann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Volkmann/Robert_Volkmann.txt

137.  Robert Ward
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Ward/Robert_Ward.txt

138.  Robert William Witt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_William_Witt/Robert_William_Witt.txt

139.  Robert Woodcock
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Woodcock/Robert_Woodcock.txt

140.  Robert Xavier Rodriguez
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert_Xavier_Rodriguez/Robert_Xavier_Rodriguez.txt

141.  Robert-Guillaume Casadesus
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robert-Guillaume_Casadesus/Robert-Guillaume_Casadesus.txt

142.  Roberta Bitgood
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roberta_Bitgood/Roberta_Bitgood.txt

143.  Roberto Caamaño
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roberto_Caamaño/Roberto_Caamaño.txt

144.  Roberto Carnevale
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roberto_Carnevale/Roberto_Carnevale.txt

145.  Roberto Gerhard
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roberto_Gerhard/Roberto_Gerhard.txt

146.  Roberto Musci
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roberto_Musci/Roberto_Musci.txt

147.  Roberto Sierra
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roberto_Sierra/Roberto_Sierra.txt

148.  Robin Holloway
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robin_Holloway/Robin_Holloway.txt

149.  Robin Maconie
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robin_Maconie/Robin_Maconie.txt

150.  Robin Milford
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Robin_Milford/Robin_Milford.txt

151.  Rocco Rodio
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rocco_Rodio/Rocco_Rodio.txt

152.  Rod McKuen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rod_McKuen/Rod_McKuen.txt

153.  Rodion Shchedrin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rodion_Shchedrin/Rodion_Shchedrin.txt

154.  Rodney Waschka II
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rodney_Waschka_II/Rodney_Waschka_II.txt

155.  Rodolfo Arízaga
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rodolfo_Arízaga/Rodolfo_Arízaga.txt

156.  Rodolphe Kreutzer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rodolphe_Kreutzer/Rodolphe_Kreutzer.txt

157.  Rodrigo de Ceballos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rodrigo_de_Ceballos/Rodrigo_de_Ceballos.txt

158.  Roger Bourland
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roger_Bourland/Roger_Bourland.txt

159.  Roger Boutry
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roger_Boutry/Roger_Boutry.txt

160.  Roger Briggs
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roger_Briggs/Roger_Briggs.txt

161.  Roger Goeb
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roger_Goeb/Roger_Goeb.txt

162.  Roger Lee Hall
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roger_Lee_Hall/Roger_Lee_Hall.txt

163.  Roger Quilter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roger_Quilter/Roger_Quilter.txt

164.  Roger Reynolds
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roger_Reynolds/Roger_Reynolds.txt

165.  Roger Rossi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roger_Rossi/Roger_Rossi.txt

166.  Roger Sessions
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roger_Sessions/Roger_Sessions.txt

167.  Rohan Kriwaczek
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rohan_Kriwaczek/Rohan_Kriwaczek.txt

168.  Roland Marais
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roland_Marais/Roland_Marais.txt

169.  Rolande Falcinelli
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rolande_Falcinelli/Rolande_Falcinelli.txt

170.  Rolf Liebermann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rolf_Liebermann/Rolf_Liebermann.txt

171.  Roman Hoffstetter
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roman_Hoffstetter/Roman_Hoffstetter.txt

172.  Roman Statkowski
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roman_Statkowski/Roman_Statkowski.txt

173.  Roman Turovsky-Savchuk
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roman_Turovsky-Savchuk/Roman_Turovsky-Savchuk.txt

174.  Roman Vlad
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roman_Vlad/Roman_Vlad.txt

175.  Romeo Cascarino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Romeo_Cascarino/Romeo_Cascarino.txt

176.  Ron Goodwin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ron_Goodwin/Ron_Goodwin.txt

177.  Ron Grainer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ron_Grainer/Ron_Grainer.txt

178.  Ron Jones
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ron_Jones/Ron_Jones.txt

179.  Ronald Binge
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ronald_Binge/Ronald_Binge.txt

180.  Ronald Corp
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ronald_Corp/Ronald_Corp.txt

181.  Ronald Hanmer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ronald_Hanmer/Ronald_Hanmer.txt

182.  Ronnie Hazlehurst
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ronnie_Hazlehurst/Ronnie_Hazlehurst.txt

183.  Rosa Giacinta Badalla
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rosa_Giacinta_Badalla/Rosa_Giacinta_Badalla.txt

184.  Rosalina Abejo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rosalina_Abejo/Rosalina_Abejo.txt

185.  Rosalind Ellicott
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rosalind_Ellicott/Rosalind_Ellicott.txt

186.  Rosendo Mendizábal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rosendo_Mendizábal/Rosendo_Mendizábal.txt

187.  Roslyn Brogue
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roslyn_Brogue/Roslyn_Brogue.txt

188.  Ross Edwards
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ross_Edwards/Ross_Edwards.txt

189.  Ross Lee Finney
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ross_Lee_Finney/Ross_Lee_Finney.txt

190.  Roxanna Panufnik
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roxanna_Panufnik/Roxanna_Panufnik.txt

191.  Roy Douglas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roy_Douglas/Roy_Douglas.txt

192.  Roy Harris
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Roy_Harris/Roy_Harris.txt

193.  Ruben Liljefors
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ruben_Liljefors/Ruben_Liljefors.txt

194.  Rubin Goldmark
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rubin_Goldmark/Rubin_Goldmark.txt

195.  Rudi Martinus van Dijk
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rudi_Martinus_van_Dijk/Rudi_Martinus_van_Dijk.txt

196.  Rudi Spring
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rudi_Spring/Rudi_Spring.txt

197.  Rudi Stephan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rudi_Stephan/Rudi_Stephan.txt

198.  Rudolf Brucci
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rudolf_Brucci/Rudolf_Brucci.txt

199.  Rudolf Friml
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rudolf_Friml/Rudolf_Friml.txt

200.  Rudolf George Escher
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rudolf_George_Escher/Rudolf_George_Escher.txt

201.  Rudolf Kattnigg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rudolf_Kattnigg/Rudolf_Kattnigg.txt

202.  Rudolf Mauersberger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rudolf_Mauersberger/Rudolf_Mauersberger.txt

203.  Rudolf Tobias
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rudolf_Tobias/Rudolf_Tobias.txt

204.  Rudolf Wagner-Régeny
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rudolf_Wagner-Régeny/Rudolf_Wagner-Régeny.txt

205.  Rudolph Palm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rudolph_Palm/Rudolph_Palm.txt

206.  Rudolph Simonsen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rudolph_Simonsen/Rudolph_Simonsen.txt

207.  Rued Langgaard
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rued_Langgaard/Rued_Langgaard.txt

208.  Ruggiero Leoncavallo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ruggiero_Leoncavallo/Ruggiero_Leoncavallo.txt

209.  Rupert Ignaz Mayr
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rupert_Ignaz_Mayr/Rupert_Ignaz_Mayr.txt

210.  Russ Columbo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Russ_Columbo/Russ_Columbo.txt

211.  Ruth Anderson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ruth_Anderson/Ruth_Anderson.txt

212.  Ruth Bakke
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ruth_Bakke/Ruth_Bakke.txt

213.  Ruth Crawford Seeger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ruth_Crawford_Seeger/Ruth_Crawford_Seeger.txt

214.  Ruth Gipps
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ruth_Gipps/Ruth_Gipps.txt

215.  Ruth Lomon
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ruth_Lomon/Ruth_Lomon.txt

216.  Ruth Shaw Wylie
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ruth_Shaw_Wylie/Ruth_Shaw_Wylie.txt

217.  Rutland Boughton
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Rutland_Boughton/Rutland_Boughton.txt

218.  Ruud Bos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ruud_Bos/Ruud_Bos.txt

219.  Ryuichi Sakamoto
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/R/Ryuichi_Sakamoto/Ryuichi_Sakamoto.txt
R