
1.  A Flock Of Seagulls - I Ran (So Far Away) (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIpfWORQWhU&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

2.  a-ha - Take On Me (Official Video) [Remastered in 4K].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djV11Xbc914&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

3.  ACDC - Highway to Hell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKggnBh2Mdw&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

4.  ACDC - You Shook Me All Night Long (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lo2qQmj0_h4&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

5.  Alice DJ - Better Off Alone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lgs9QUtWc3M&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

6.  All She Wants To Do Is Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFBHBSPvZbw&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

7.  alone by heart with lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYdGLu43ZTw&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

8.  Bad English - When I See You Smile (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cu6pclWsxzs&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

9.  Baltimora - Tarzan Boy (Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03BF_Ku7rjI&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

10.  Baltimora - Tarzan Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_r0n9Dv6XnY&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

11.  Berlin - Take My Breath Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx51eegLTY8&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

12.  Billy Idol - Eyes Without A Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OFpfTd0EIs&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

13.  BILLY OCEAN - Caribbean Queen With Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPfRuVjt0dM&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

14.  Blondie - Heart Of Glass (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGU_4-5RaxU&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

15.  Bon Jovi - I'll Be There For You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mh8MIp2FOhc&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

16.  Bon Jovi - It's My Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx2u5uUu3DE&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

17.  Bon Jovi - Living on a Prayer (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXsmGSnq3lE&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

18.  Bon Jovi - Never Say Goodbye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifm00JEjSeo&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

19.  Bon Jovi - You give love a bad name - lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9tKwSboJeg&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

20.  Breathe- Hands To Heaven (wlyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-4NPXT_2H4&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

21.  Bryan Adams - Heaven (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6TtwR2Dbjg&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

22.  Bryan Adams - Run To You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCBASt507WA&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

23.  Bryan Adams - Summer Of ’69 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f06QZCVUHg&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

24.  Buggles - Video killed the radio star 1979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iwuy4hHO3YQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

25.  Chicago - You're The Inspiration (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wM-XhQeFzW4&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

26.  Cinderella - Don't Know What You Got (Till It's Gone) (Stereo Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i28UEoLXVFQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

27.  Corey Hart - Sunglasses At Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2LTL8KgKv8&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

28.  Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9gKyRmic20&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

29.  Culture Club - Do You Really Want To Hurt Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nXGPZaTKik&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

30.  Cyndi Lauper - Girls Just Want To Have Fun (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIb6AZdTr-A&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

31.  Cyndi Lauper - Time After Time (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdQY7BusJNU&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

32.  Céline Dion - A New Day Has Come (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaGLVS5b_ZY&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

33.  Céline Dion - I'm Alive (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJsa6-y4sDs&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

34.  Céline Dion - That's The Way It Is (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6wbugWrfLU&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

35.  Céline Dion - The Power Of Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8HOfcYWZoo&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

36.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - I Can't Go For That (No Can Do) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccenFp_3kq8&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

37.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - Maneater (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRYFKcMa_Ek&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

38.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - Private Eyes (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsntlJZ9h1U&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

39.  Deep Purple - Smoke on the Water (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUwEIt9ez7M&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

40.  Def Leppard - Hysteria.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3SluRyO4EA4&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

41.  Depeche Mode - Enjoy The Silence (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0AKJMGxwpE&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

42.  Devo - Whip It (Official Music Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_QLzthSkfM&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

43.  Don't Fear the Reaper- Blue Oyster Cult.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUO_5EALZoM&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

44.  Eddie Money Take Me Home Tonight 80s Classic HQ [ With Lyrics }.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHKqA5mkT7I&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

45.  Eddie Murphy - Party All the Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWa-6g-TbgI&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

46.  Eiffel 65 - Blue (Da Ba Dee) [Gabry Ponte Ice Pop Mix] (Original Video with subtitles).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ugkg9RePc&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

47.  Elton John - Sacrifice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrLkTZrPZA4&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

48.  Erasure A Little Respect (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiKVjS3gR88&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

49.  europe - carrie + lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZoSGL96CzQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

50.  Europe - The Final Countdown(with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcJ-wNmazHQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

51.  Eye of the tiger -Lyrics-.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEjgPh4SEmU&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

52.  Falco - Rock Me Amadeus (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVikZ8Oe_XA&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

53.  Fine Young Cannibals - She Drives Me Crazy (1989).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sw54Pdh_m8&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

54.  Foreigner - Waiting for a Girl Like You [Lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wln6NX0V4AQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

55.  Foreigner- I don't want to live without you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXTwB5Rgcks&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

56.  Forrest - Rock The Boat (7 Inch).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAhJJ7wwKwY&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

57.  Genesis - Invisible Touch (1986).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMiDhmL_zFo&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

58.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

59.  Gigi D'Agostino - I'll Fly Away With You HD (Audiosurf) stealth run+ironmode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eunPhBnd19E&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

60.  Greg Kihn Band - Jeopardy (extended version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aw6yROv3TeM&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

61.  Gucci Mane - Last Night feat. Yung Mal and OJ Da Juiceman [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0targRapsE&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

62.  Haddaway - What is Love + Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5G1FmU-ldg&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

63.  Hall & Oates - Kiss On My List (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYUdldNzLNA&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

64.  Hall and Oates - Out of Touch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_8KR-n2fBQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

65.  Heart - These Dreams (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41P8UxneDJE&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

66.  Heart - What About Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KE5GGMhmo-M&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

67.  Heart- I Want You So Bad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sbc5q2fd31E&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

68.  Heart-Crazy On You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZuW6BH_Vak&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

69.  I Would Die 4 U (Originally Performed by Prince).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UL5wwciINr0&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

70.  I'll be Over You (with lyrics)... by Toto.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aA6CghcObTE&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

71.  I'll keep holding on- Simply Red.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6yzg34bQWc&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

72.  Icehouse - Electric Blue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUFOVu1CurM&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

73.  Jan Hammer - Crockett's Theme (Miami Vice).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lfgf9HatIHI&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

74.  Joan Jett I Love Rock n' Roll Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFHg0uRAyVs&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

75.  John Waite - missing you (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S89AmJFP-j0&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

76.  Journey - Faithfully (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMD8hBsA-RI&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

77.  Journey - Wheel in the Sky (Official Video - 1978).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxGEVIvSFeY&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

78.  Journey ~  Separate Ways(Worlds Apart) w Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wY6i5vRlUU&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

79.  Kansas - Carry On Wayward Son (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2X_2IdybTV0&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

80.  Kate Bush - Wow - Official Music Video - Version 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ar7vovnH5I&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

81.  Kiss On My List.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOuhYuZLNYw&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

82.  Kung Fu Fighting Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwBKjK7Xik0&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

83.  Lady in red Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFbpsYop6vM&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

84.  love bites lyrics by def leppard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mp89bQnYxko&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

85.  Loverboy - Turn Me Loose (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnHm4ro_l8s&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

86.  Luther Vandross - Never Too Much (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNj9bXKGOiI&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

87.  Matthew Wilder - Break my stride (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3YrNSw5a2I&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

88.  Men At Work - Down Under (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfR9iY5y94s&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

89.  Michael Jackson - Bad (Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUXAEzaC3Q&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

90.  Michael Jackson - Billie Jean (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi_XLOBDo_Y&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

91.  Michael Jackson - Thriller (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOnqjkJTMaA&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

92.  Mr. Mister - Broken Wings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKhN1t_7PEY&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

93.  Mr. Mister - Kyrie [Lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DESeq1QY4Vg&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

94.  Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark - If You Leave (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPmTGFg06zA&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

95.  PAUL DAVIS -  Cool Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29Su4UIy7Yc&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

96.  Paul Young - Everytime You Go Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfk6sCzRTbM&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

97.  Pet Shop Boys - What Have I Done To Deserve This (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wn9E5i7l-Eg&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

98.  Peter Cetera - Glory Of Love (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axSlMfTaiJQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

99.  Peter Frampton- Baby I Love Your Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0nc-hh9viQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

100.  Phil Collins - In The Air Tonight (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkADj0TPrJA&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

101.  Phil Collins - One More Night (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Jdg1i6J1yY&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

102.  Phil Collins - Take Me Home (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRY1NG1P_kw&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

103.  Pink Floyd - Money (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0kcet4aPpQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

104.  Player - Baby Come Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn-enjcgV1o&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

105.  Queen - Under Pressure (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWdLt3Afjrg&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

106.  REO Speedwagon - Can't Fight This Feeling (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpOULjyy-n8&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

107.  REO Speedwagon - Keep On Loving You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgT_mJXbvCQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

108.  REO speedwagon, heard if from a friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41ENCM70xr0&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

109.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

110.  Rick Springfield - Jessie's Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYkbTyHXwbs&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

111.  Rock N Me-Steve Miller-Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8VNB2vfHuY&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

112.  Rockwell - Somebody's Watching Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YvAYIJSSZY&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

113.  Rod Stewart - Da Ya Think I'm Sexy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hphwfq1wLJs&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

114.  Roxette - It Must Have Been Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2C5TjS2sh4&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

115.  Roxette - Listen To Your Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCC_b5WHLX0&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

116.  Scorpions - Wind Of Change (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4RjJKxsamQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

117.  Shout - Tears For Fears.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEWwZNUafKo&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

118.  Simple Minds - Don't You (Forget About Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdqoNKCCt7A&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

119.  Sister Christian- Night Ranger with lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVey-358Vcc&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

120.  Slow Ride- Foghat (Short Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIjZE4kcg_Q&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

121.  Starship - We Built This City (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1b8AhIsSYQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

122.  Steve Winwood - Higher Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=524Tf0dNRNw&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

123.  Sunday Bloody Sunday - U2 (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQZLPV6xcHI&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

124.  Sweet Home Alabama Lynyrd Skynyrd.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Du-CWASm20&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

125.  The Best DNS Server for PS4! (Best Speeds).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j24GBpU_c9I&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

126.  The Human League - Don't You Want Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPudE8nDog0&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

127.  The Human League - Human.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1ysoohV_zA&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

128.  The Outfield - Your Love (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N1iwQxiHrs&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

129.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (With Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TH_YbBHVF4g&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

130.  The Who - Baba O'riley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2KRpRMSu4g&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

131.  Time of my life - Dirty Dancing Soundtrack.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMoMBFhMdDw&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

132.  Titanic- Hymn to the sea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wz1xA5kxVI&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

133.  Toni Braxton - Un-Break My Heart (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2Rch6WvPJE&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

134.  Toto - Africa (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

135.  U2-Pride (In the Name of Love) lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByuyP1PNqKQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

136.  UB40 - Red Red Wine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXt56MB-3vc&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

137.  Van Halen - Why Can't This Be Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VaEdKwXJhM&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

138.  Wang Chung - Dance Hall Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1TNLU-ydLA&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

139.  Warrant - Heaven (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrSdXtFJG20&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

140.  When In Rome - The Promise (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HI_xFQWiYU&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

141.  Whitesnake - Here I Go Again lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gin-l4LDdXQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

142.  Whitesnake - Is This Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujnH4yNqL8E&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

143.  Whitney Houston - So Emotional (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YjSHbA6HQQ&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE

144.  You Come To My Senses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12d0NS1wa00&list=PL90b28qTMGqIle4NmUvaAUtj20lAPETzE
Best 80's rock playlist