
77418.  10 Things to Do Before You Die.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CizX9tjDR-k&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77420.  31 Words That Sound Like Slurs But Aren't.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQTJl2bwoZQ&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77423.  5 Ways Kanye West Is Like A Pro Wrestler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0Ter3S-FNc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77427.  7-Way Meet Cute.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3WVwy82UQQ&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77432.  A Computer Co-Wrote this Sketch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjngNWP9C5s&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77438.  A Target with Very Convenient Habits (Heist Night 25).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghp_bIglXAw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77445.  A Video With Text On Top And Bottom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrB9nIfUd84&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77453.  Alex Jones’s Head Finally Exploded.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cu736_vzRPg&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77462.  An Exciting New Release from George R. R. Martin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DR318fEDWeA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77472.  April Fool's on the Internet Sucks  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpdTO-E2xxo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77483.  Are My Lady Parts Normal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ME9_HIsvqMA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77495.  Are We Ready To Go Yet (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POIrJ4PW9wk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77508.  Are You a Millennial  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=No35-c4zXjo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77522.  Asshle Wizard Won't Reveal His Secrets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SnQ0nSpNac&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77537.  Bad Polling Is Ruining Everything  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oge0HJ1S1Vg&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77553.  Best Friends In Rom Coms Are All Alcoholics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEgwWtyXxN8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77570.  Birth Control Methods Keep Getting Weirder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ytq6hZ0lok&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77588.  Bond with Strangers By Mocking Your Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAzFBjXW99U&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77607.  Bragging About Your Ignorance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mj_zaXyieY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77627.  Bring Your Fck Up Sibling To Work Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ty5QUjDTbYk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77648.  Bringing the Worst Thing to a Potluck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMi3V-raaVQ&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77670.  Canceling Plans Showdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_movpjc5dc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77693.  CollegeHumor Goes To Hell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N00NRZLi0So&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77717.  CollegeHumor Passes The Bechdel Test (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AvuMzSkees&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77742.  Come Watch This Internet Video (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuGpno0cPQ8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77768.  Comedy Sucks (with Bassem Youssef)  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fwq5lPWzirU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77795.  Conversational Ripcord The Fastest Way To Leave A Conversation!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQDl1OrHd-g&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77823.  Crap! You Liked An Old Instagram Post!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0LUCgKAZ6k&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77852.  Defender of the Basic  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1mbbYKPpHY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77882.  Defender of the Basic Meets The April Fool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-vcosXe2sw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77913.  Did You Get My Email   Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATOu109je7A&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77945.  Did You Know We Work with a Sex Demon  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7IUs3O-VnXg&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

77978.  Different Friends to Different People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Hbw2FgB5xM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78012.  Does Liking Murder Podcasts Make You FREAKY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOvNjCdR8-g&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78047.  Don't Blame Your Crappy Behavior on Personality Tests.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ri7RXWVxxSA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78083.  Don't Bother Fixing Your Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGzVnahTDrE&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78120.  Don't Look At The Comments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HDy1ZCrJVI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78158.  Don't Pay Your Student Loans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEd92pIoBEo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78197.  Don't Trash Talk New York  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNpoplfLT1w&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78237.  Don't Worry My Sunburn Will Turn Into a Tan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc_t_c8neC4&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78278.  Donald Trump Will Never Be President… Or Will He.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxSAHqFqG58&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78320.  Don’t Jinx Anything by Celebrating  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duSEpurusCA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78363.  Don’t Start a Podcast  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aUZct9967E&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78407.  Drinking Games Suck (1154110).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9u7RAxNZJvQ&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78452.  Drinking Games Suck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9u7RAxNZJvQ&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78498.  Every NCAA Bracket Strategy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0q8vYIT6O3Q&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78545.  Everybody's I Don't Care About Sports Friend (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EG8oMnsmQQM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78593.  Everyone Is Waiting To Talk About Themselves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjXq22kkLAg&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78642.  Everyone Thinks They're an Expert  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_nR5TcRWo0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78692.  Everyone's High School Boyfriend (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUwPh6Lm5Q0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78743.  Everyone’s a Republican On Tax Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wt5FJtQ0ffo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78795.  Everyone’s Favorite New Cast Member.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7vF1vfJSEs&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78848.  Everything is Too PC These Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7LbjtvXm0M&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78902.  Experimenting (Literally) in College.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQzFJDgwaCw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

78957.  Facebook’s Algorithm is Like the Mafia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhbEUKHsGi4&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79013.  Feel Bad for the Bad Guy  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR-_pC5Zs-g&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79070.  Future Raph's Only Regret  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mxMntQ12u8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79128.  Gag Gifts Are Worse Than Nothing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGvBaQxPFyc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79187.  George R.R. Martin Ruins Christmas (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZh1xK30W2Q&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79247.  Getting Stuck In A Bad Conversation Next To A Good Conversation (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEa2hbBDHYo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79308.  Ghosts Get Caught Having Weird Sex  The sCHining Pt. 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPuDMJi4fWE&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79370.  Gifts That Are Clearly for Yourself  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apN4BMMKt2E&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79433.  Gimmick Workouts Aren't Real Exercise  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aytthnDFMao&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79497.  Grant and Katie Are Starting Their Own Company  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nicFpVJ94gc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79562.  Grant Forgets He Sucks  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gj6KcEmCN4&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79628.  Grant Gets a Beehive Stuck on His Head.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkwhiU6HS-E&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79695.  Grant Has a Gambling Problem (Heist Night 45).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmNpurj0ID4&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79763.  Grant is a Huge Klutz Idiot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJisJRFYgsY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79832.  Grant vs. The Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsPTBRbcO9A&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79902.  Hardly Working Yoga Teachers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfeqKsgTjPo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

79973.  Have Sex with Josh for Me  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezxMhMsVkhI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80045.  He's Such a McConaughey (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsgujunpHKA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80118.  Health Science Is Bullsht.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xtnH0fxDUg&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80192.  Hiding in the World’s Worst Hedge Maze  The sCHining Pt. 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzQUd52Xw9M&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80267.  High-Stakes Icebreaker Questions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T35KaUxiSU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80343.  How Are You Not HUMILIATED  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhBStqs7onA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80420.  How Being In Public Feels Men VS Women.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcoX9aCDeiM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80498.  How Does The Holy Trinity Poop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVqLhKTSEl8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80577.  How Facebook is Like Your Desperate Ex.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyuMxRYqNU8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80657.  How Tall Is Grant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXi_rvD6r10&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80738.  How to Braid Your Hair Like in Game of Thrones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xXPcq6pokM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80820.  How To Get To Hell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cEqkJaz3I8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80903.  How To Hide You’re Out Of Shape.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSLOqLtPsoU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

80987.  How to Politely Talk Shit (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4K-kaeNCtXY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

81072.  How To Pretend You Like That Shitty Gift (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhCS3ZS50FA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

81158.  How To Sound Smart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkPZx6hjG7E&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

81245.  How Uber Rides are Like First Dates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMEei1MtzTU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

81333.  I Can't Decide What My Last Meal Should Be.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7KAR4TpwFw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

81422.  I Didn’t Eat Bread Once So Now I’ll Look Like Gisele.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pA78TnFvWI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

81512.  I Don’t See Race.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qArvBdHkJA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

81603.  I Got NO Sleep Last Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9Cald-OCPA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

81695.  I Know Where You Got Your Opinion From.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6Rq3EM-8Q4&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

81788.  I Love Fall More Than You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppTTv6ottjc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

81882.  I Swear I Didn’t Wreck the Bathroom  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-RfKvhT_NU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

81977.  I Wish I Were Gay  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdLM9KfvUB0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

82073.  I'm Comfortable, Not Soft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihsC16UzzFE&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

82170.  If Couples Acted Like They Do On Facebook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06AAe0MfEd8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

82268.  If CrossFitters Took a Yoga Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJAjL_fTwHA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

82367.  If Leaving Miitomo Was Like Leaving Facebook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnWV95-suSc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

82467.  If People Acted Like They Do on Dating Apps   Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3reDBifVxzk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

82568.  If People Asked Questions Like They Do On Facebook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1LPwkXCCQU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

82670.  If People Left Parties Like They Leave Facebook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGcHNnI2mh4&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

82773.  If People Said Happy Birthday Like They Do On Facebook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZeZRoFStU0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

82877.  If People Talked About Other Hobbies Like They Talk About Running.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOoNAVEvqHM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

82982.  If People Treated Personal Deaths Like Celebrity Deaths.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZH6-Eivd3I&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

83088.  If People Were Honest When Planning A BBQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FT0Kd_PH4w&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

83195.  If People Were Sentimental Like They Are On Facebook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cu4lmsdRpWE&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

83303.  If Sex Talk Was Like Office Talk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgQACCDMekc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

83412.  If Tag Were as Complicated as German Board Games (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1S32ISJJVs&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

83522.  If Upworthy & Buzzfeed Titles Actually Worked (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thGL1aLlfpU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

83633.  Instagram Art Show  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAJDrWVyOoA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

83745.  Insulting The Boss With A Punk Rock Video (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IY1QDlvKYrg&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

83858.  Is Everyone Using Me For My Costco Membership.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUZFuS0c0Ak&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

83972.  Is Grant Keith from Buzzfeed  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxJJ2LBI604&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

84087.  Is His Accent Sexy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqfbCzOLtLw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

84203.  It Will Never Be Cold Again!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pVtu2yRz5g&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

84320.  It's My Right to Hold This Turd.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4pxtiLR928&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

84438.  I’m Black, Not Poor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=du94GxXjBuY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

84557.  Just Admit I Look Bad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOTxb5YWkKc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

84677.  Katie Gets Busted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_HcHEZXqY8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

84798.  Katie Goes Viral.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_kun8ydPlw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

84920.  Katie Won’t Let This Bit Die.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aitp_kqWMwM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

85043.  Killer’s Mask Is Inconvenient.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LY2E1YA1cI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

85167.  Lazy Ghost Has SO Much Unfinished Business.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGLQY5Hl6oY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

85292.  Leaving Out the Best Part  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik9x-i1xquE&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

85418.  Let’s Not Get a Drink Sometime  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TmxCoWFWMA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

85545.  Liking Rain Doesn’t Make You Deep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rl7KfpZec0M&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

85673.  Lying to Have Something in Common.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fStc0oBUZ9A&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

85802.  Magic Schools Shttier Than Hogwarts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZXhpEgBbd4&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

85932.  Making Up a Sketch on the Spot  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-4uXoep_KA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

86063.  Male Friendships are Just Bullying.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9ng42UnYDY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

86195.  Mankind’s Last Hope People Who Are Good At Online Quizzes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_Qdy0dSTl0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

86328.  Mary Poppins for Adults.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zd2xn5U6e-E&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

86462.  Maybe THIS Stupid Thing Will Fix My Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Lnrj1jZG7I&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

86597.  Meeting Hitler In Hell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Swhx6razUJk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

86733.  My Box of Bullsht Came!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOIj2D6ylOM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

86870.  My Mom Is Stalking Me  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqRRSF5IG0Y&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

87008.  My New Year’s Resolution is to Get My Dick Out of this Toaster (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwfakrhLc1M&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

87147.  Nerds and Jocks Both Think They're Underdogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8VBNRtnJbY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

87287.  No One Cares About Your Major.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzLAjmTi4Sc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

87428.  No, I Eat More Garbage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hA5vbV4Kdkw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

87570.  No, My Parents Aren't Strict.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRWYzNIk5vU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

87713.  No, You Weren’t “Born in the Wrong Decade”.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hc6VP7Qp-Y8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

87857.  Nobody Younger Than Me Can Be Successful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91gHpGMURzI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

88002.  Now Is the Time to Do Something.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8d2Xw8BaoG8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

88148.  Obscure Christmas Songs  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4d7hoGfhlQo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

88295.  Obsessive Boyfriends Are SO Romantic!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeBRPdbTZw8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

88443.  Oh Boy, Free Crap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxB8yfuIwLY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

88592.  Oh No, Did We Hurt Brennan's Feelings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aimQ6bH-Mw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

88742.  Oh No. There Are Kids At This Party..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_Tfgq7kMe8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

88893.  Oh, I Didn't See You There (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVdTGeDG9zQ&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

89045.  Only I Can Insult My Mom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYyLPsIF2fk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

89198.  Other Ways to Say 'Netflix and Chill'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFbpcPh-TfY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

89352.  Our Big The Dress Sketch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twTtm7LvfXs&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

89507.  Our Ninja Sketch Got Whitewashed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Q4JYFwi9qw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

89663.  Pat Cassels vs. Mark Zuckerberg (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dc9j_5nCZG8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

89820.  Please Make Fun Of Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGEaBAer1Xs&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

89978.  Porn But For Crying.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3za_ZvUiNc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

90137.  Raphael Thinks Magic Is Real.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCqR8GkdxA4&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

90297.  Rejected Song Parodies 2 (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HHUXQQCJTA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

90458.  Remember When Nostalgia Was Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Can71sF-eOY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

90620.  Remembering Someone by Their Facebook Posts  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qjU_wPyv4E&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

90783.  Sex Daddies Celebrate Father's Day  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UpimJM7J6Q&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

90947.  She's Such a Butterphone (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mz31OFDDdk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

91112.  Should We Do a Bitcoin Sketch (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqNEdDaFLCM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

91278.  Slobbery Blunts are Gross.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9_q0okHvPs&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

91445.  Someone Is Leaking CollegeHumor's Secrets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U17yQrEAmEk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

91613.  Sorry My Car is So Gross.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGkfp1ITz1E&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

91782.  Sorry, I'm a Slow Eater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc_oXo-ajGs&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

91952.  Sorry, What’d You Say Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JY3yLjCbpQE&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

92123.  Stop Calling Everything a “Lifestyle” Brand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkPjTRBVEZE&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

92295.  Stop Hating My Favorite Things.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJPYTd9ULLI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

92468.  Stop Messing with Your Vaginas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VIiAh6ersQ&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

92642.  Stop Pitching Sketches About Other Cast Members.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSJ0STT8JRw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

92817.  Stop Trying To Make Us Kiss.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Xw3504AMmY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

92993.  Strip Clubs Suck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUuFsfdGrYw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

93170.  Stuck in the Boring Car on a Road Trip  The sCHining Pt. 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9zmxymUntw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

93348.  Studying for Dream Exams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2s_jfB1_dg&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

93527.  Summer Vacation Is for Kids!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZdc1hb23bY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

93707.  Thank You For Doing All the Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMlTdxY7cjI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

93888.  The 7 Impressions Dudes Always Do.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Wp_yfdsdhc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

94070.  The Almost Perfect Team (Heist Night 15).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3xfsC2zLhg&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

94253.  The Apothecary Barista.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzkwD1LEXQ4&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

94437.  THE BABIES ARE ON FIRE!  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9QDgSTVhyM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

94622.  The Best Burger Ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl9aZcrfPIM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

94808.  The Best Christmas Songs Are Sad  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUR9T3Cphjg&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

94995.  The Big Butt Song to End All Big Butt Songs (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-jAflT_e28&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

95183.  The C-Word, But For Men.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOTfn91fs9M&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

95372.  The Coolest Death Ever!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXp9JsKy-1o&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

95562.  The Epic Bacon Boys Internet Popularity Consultants (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyaFJOcBUHo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

95753.  The Friend Who Loves Christmas Too Much.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFfvAlh4GjY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

95945.  The Girl Who Can’t Let Things Go   Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Q_m1tmth_o&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

96138.  The Girl Who Makes Every Disaster About Her.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sh5oNRuKLJM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

96332.  The Girl Who's Super Low-Maintenance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksG3mTPqd4w&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

96527.  The Girl With a Birthday Month.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fploN6Kgcvo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

96723.  The Guy Who Deflects Compliments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSONAnEUIrg&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

96920.  The Guy Who Finishes Your Sentences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65GbpVZTgAk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

97118.  The Guy Who Had A Crazy Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrfJDbYc6ws&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

97317.  The Guy Who Has Never Seen or Heard of Anything (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=II03SfoHaic&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

97517.  The Guy Who Listens By Interrupting You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TChRv8m79zs&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

97718.  The Guy Who Needs To Win Everything  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7MBoi2m31w&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

97920.  The Guy Who Only Posts Sad Stories On Facebook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RinK6SiuMrs&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

98123.  The Guy Who Overhypes Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ku-xWZQFG3c&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

98327.  The Guy Who Returned to Facebook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=md4kM9AKjHs&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

98532.  The Guy Who Won't Call In Sick  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pe9JVLEBgcc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

98738.  The Guy Who Won't Stop Talking About Jar Jar Binks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMW3gIu2C_s&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

98945.  The Guy Who Won’t Talk About Politics   Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAEkQtB_sH0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

99153.  The Guy Who's a Total Rap Snob  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32_kC-EioI0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

99362.  The Guy Who's Definitely Not Keeping Your Secret.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djznlxQyIZk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

99572.  The Guy Who's Too Casual About Plans (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyE3Pyr__ps&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

99783.  The Guy Who's Way Too Competitive (with Jeremy Sisto).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ht0qiuDMiY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

99995.  The Most Intimate Step in a Relationship  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNBp0hev17Y&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

100208.  The New Guy Is Totally On The Spectrum (CH Quickie).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKylOPIqM94&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

100422.  The Opposite of a Wing Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xGwgMI18yw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

100637.  The Second Best Of Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uB4ZVdIX8o&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

100853.  The Secret Power Of Periods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhWE-zu2d6o&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

101070.  The Social Consequences of Everything (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqevO_zrxsA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

101288.  The Super Bowl Isn't About Football.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmeXEAZ-dMk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

101507.  The True Meaning of Christmas  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nb19Ryzr84A&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

101727.  The Worst Customer at the Bar  The sCHining Pt. 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFcf_dF72pc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

101948.  The Worst Pokemon Go Deaths.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJhviDRZ0rU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

102170.  The Worst Video Game Controller Ever Made.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbfd75YRG34&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

102393.  There's Meat Hiding in Every Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CY-w-8SuMZs&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

102617.  These Sketch Pitches Are Too Personal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqvvCySP148&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

102842.  These Weed Names Are NOT Chill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFILKNnJbyA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

103068.  Things Not to Do When Talking About Your Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deYhIM4I28o&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

103295.  This Guy Is Cooler Than You  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zF1s5Jg6X8Q&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

103523.  This Heist Plan Looks Like Crap (Heist Night 35).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VEpeJXFZe0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

103752.  This Monster Doesn’t Clean Her Inbox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwm2bpISnHg&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

103982.  This Monster Has No Phone Case  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4yIWg_LElc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

104213.  This Stripper is So Sexy It's Illegal (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6LR3XtZWmI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

104445.  This Thumbnail is a Butt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYrRq5U5kcc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

104678.  This Twisted Freak LIKES Halloween.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWJpxYdWAOc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

104912.  This Wizard's Riddles Are Bad Riddles (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZxlh4SH7ZQ&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

105147.  Those Jake and Amir Dolls Are Creepy as Hell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbILSQrr43o&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

105383.  Tinder in a Haunted House  The sCHining Pt. 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOv5jGo_0h0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

105620.  Too Many Weddings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYczZsaL-cA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

105858.  Trump’s Brilliant Strategy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrwRTAj6tMU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

106097.  Trustworthy Reviews from 500 Asshles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9wNVW9Atzw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

106337.  Ugh, Political Comedy is the Worst.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oz0H45F_c7c&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

106578.  Wacky Hijinks from 80s Comedies Were Mostly Rape.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQ7mJFNkLAU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

106820.  Wait Is This Video BRANDED!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHkheN5ARK8&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

107063.  Wait, Start That Story Again  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=034SxL1YTRs&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

107307.  We HAVE to Give You A Makeover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xzj6hB69tmU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

107552.  We Have To Keep Talking About My Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsWBh1Awmw4&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

107798.  We're From The Same Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOX0qQeS3Ms&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

108045.  Well, well, well. Late For Work Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vw_FSlpo9KI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

108293.  What Happens When You Become An Aunt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmXNnizCLyw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

108542.  What Happens When You Tell People You Can't Eat Gluten.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMZIAlKFRY4&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

108792.  What If Offices Took Birthday Celebrations Too Far (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uhaaajt4ic&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

109043.  What It's Like Being In A Group Text.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Wo2gd0EEBk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

109295.  What Minority Report Computers Would Really Be Like.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJ4KxaWraJc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

109548.  What One Year of Trump Feels Like  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMhGry_ZBZI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

109802.  What Social Anxiety Feels Like.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtglJ5kqr6A&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

110057.  What To Do in an Earthquake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkS_GPokM6Q&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

110313.  What We Do To Avoid Our Exes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gpVgvqtcLs&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

110570.  What You Hope Happens When You Share a YouTube Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bSHEhVgTho&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

110828.  What's Wrong With Being Whipped.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXp1iUf753o&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

111087.  What’s So Funny.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-YWNUO31kk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

111347.  When a Kink Chooses You  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3VilN3u668&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

111608.  When Coming Out Goes Better Than You Thought.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgHwF4CNiJA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

111870.  When Dumb People Agree With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCg0siuvzOA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

112133.  When Not To Correct People's Grammar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmXWHW-I32E&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

112397.  When People Find Out You Can’t Swim.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoM3EQWZkWg&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

112662.  When Someone Gets Your Name Wrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gci-QPxYMbY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

112928.  When Someone Starts Humming the Game of Thrones Theme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjM8ut5vSK0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

113195.  When Someone’s Trying Too Hard To Have Fun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RegVKMztBGY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

113463.  When Spelling It Out Gets Tricky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmzlqEnrLDE&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

113732.  When Sure Actually Means No.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idRHCBN3HKU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

114002.  When You Don't Get Nerdy References  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sitxg0Lcz6s&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

114273.  When You Don’t Recognize a Friend Request.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzprnDqPt6w&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

114545.  When You Get Stuck in a Conversation  Hardly Working (1622230).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nr0PF7PukJw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

114818.  When You Get Stuck in a Conversation  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nr0PF7PukJw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

115092.  When You're a Total Push Over.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOl7Pj_8QSo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

115367.  When Your Date's Apartment Sucks  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_Qq1H2ceQk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

115643.  When Your Facebook Thread Gets Hijacked.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYkbijdS6DQ&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

115920.  When Your Favorite Old Shows Don’t Hold Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImYFrKPHinI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

116198.  Where The Weirdest Internet Links Come From.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ksuf5gcB3Q&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

116477.  Where’s the Remote.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0Fq-En_nhE&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

116757.  Who Got Me Sick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnMkde3z4LY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

117038.  Who's Gonna Call the Lyft  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hpev0_L7i0A&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

117320.  Why Am I Checking Facebook Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ffy3BTf_-b0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

117603.  Why Bernie Sanders is Actually Winning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHS-K7OuLAc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

117887.  Why Can’t You Watch Netflix At Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dcELgm9JCE&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

118172.  Why It Sucks When Your Friend Becomes Successful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYqDolqnwDE&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

118458.  Why It's Impossible to Talk About TV Anymore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liy3p9MjiXM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

118745.  Why Summer is Women's Winter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2NNm8MTboA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

119033.  Why The Devil Is Super Hot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecqow2KMmOw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

119322.  Why Uncle Jesse Was Actually Pathetic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlPyii24EGU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

119612.  Why Was I Tagged Last On Facebook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lruWiRebHDc&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

119903.  Why Wrestling Fans Hate Wrestling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yto94Lge5_U&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

120195.  Why You're More Successful Than Steve Jobs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wq_9Tp9LNH4&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

120488.  Workshopping Your Insane Writing  The sCHining Pt. 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9TsysoEn6U&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

120782.  Wow, Everyone’s Flirting With Ally.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkkwUItD-fo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

121077.  Wow, Nobody Can Flirt With Me Anymore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1HITdR7oE_M&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

121373.  Wow, Nobody Tells Me Anything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yB8hasaZlRw&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

121670.  Yellderly Young People Who Complain Like They’re Old.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRFDA_oV4xM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

121968.  You Can Never Take the Last Cookie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_PD-taVSoI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

122267.  You Can’t Catch a Cold in Summer!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7MA-XeXZt0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

122567.  You Don't Actually Need a Menu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5oL4QKb6Sk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

122868.  You have GOT to Try Heroin (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNsx7iYFNlM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

123170.  You Remind Me Of My Ugly Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfbjNYuZPuY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

123473.  You Suck In Your Own Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsUo21K6rzM&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

123777.  You Weren’t Supposed To See that Photo  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqh5DS2ccuo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

124082.  You're All a Bunch of Phone Zombies  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GWZ86_wv0w&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

124388.  You're Eating Garbage (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g866L-kbDE&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

124695.  You're Not Deep, You're Drunk (All-Nighter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3o-apE9pHrI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

125003.  You're Too Good To Date My Friends  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVU8nEIsapY&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

125312.  You're Too Sad to Argue With  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7b_0CfmQ1NU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

125622.  You've NEVER Seen Star Wars!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGCP8Ae-OEA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

125933.  Your Annoying Cheap Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a63ONXOdlOA&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

126245.  Your Contacts List is a Mess  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ukWuWPyRLo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

126558.  Your CrossFit Friends (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqb9pBJweVU&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

126872.  Your Favorite Shameful Flavors As Chips!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBWOtZL_dug&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

127187.  Your Friend Who Lives Too Far Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wI_mN-8qpI&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

127503.  Your Healthy Friend Who Still Does Drugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2T_jCX8J_I0&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

127820.  Your New Year's Resolutions Never Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAuHJBCpxIo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

128138.  Your Rich Friend Who Travels All the Time (Hardly Working).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZk1WHJ_fwo&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2

128457.  Zac Bought a Whip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwWq1NYAaLk&list=PLuKg-WhduhklMSnK_EVV3GbsGtbsLMZT2
Hardly Working