
A Summer Place (1959, theme)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a10aowRXWA0&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Affair To Remember-(Our Love Affair) ~ Vic Damone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9JAfhqELvU&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Al Martino   Volare   1976
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcpIDH5p1kA&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Al Martino - Come share the wine (Lyricvideo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4phQxCyu-9Y&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

AL MARTINO - HERE IN MY HEART
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYTvv4HGMN8&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Al Martino - Painted Tainted Rose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AG7uf01OfI&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

All I Have To Do Is Dream - The Everly Brothers -  Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lX0ws6y7p5g&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

ANDY WILLIAMS - BUTTERFLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkXtgrF2FD4&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Andy Williams - Can't Get Used To Losing You (Year 1969)  ??????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hFXy7nc-P8&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

ANDY WILLIAMS - FOR ALL WE KNOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wB8CB0qREec&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

ANDY WILLIAMS - HAPPY HEART
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85FUMdHCNdY&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Andy Williams - Love Is A Many Splendered Thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXgrcYIv59Q&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Andy Williams - Moon River (Year 1961)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LK4pmJQ6zgM&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Andy Williams ~ The Shadow Of Your Smile (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-gt2emNfcI&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Andy Williams, Bobby Darin & Eddie Fisher - Do-Re-Mi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3QAXi1_350&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Audrey Hepburn - How Long Has This Been Going On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Bko-Sz8HV0&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Barbra Streisand - The Shadow Of Your Smile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzmYX1E7omo&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

BARBRA STREISAND hello dolly!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ae0Hg6VLPc0&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Ben E. King - Stand By Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwZNL7QVJjE&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Bobby Darin - Dream Lover (Lyrics On-Screen and in Description)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_urVDCrf5A&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Bobby Vinton - Blue Velvet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeLBkoW1-Ow&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Bobby Vinton Mr. Lonely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYvBBl1WAvU&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Breakfast at Tiffany's (39) Movie CLIP - Moon River (1961) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uirBWk-qd9A&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

CONNIE FRANCIS WHO'S SORRY NOW (1958) - LIVE TV (1227666)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Ws60MDF7OY&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

CONNIE FRANCIS WHO'S SORRY NOW (1958) - LIVE TV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Ws60MDF7OY&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Dave Brubeck - Take Five
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmDDOFXSgAs&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Del Shannon - Runaway (Rare Stereo Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziLagAgoPCE&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Dionne Warwick - Don't Make Me Over - Live 1963
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDblF-J6qvY&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Dionne Warwick - HEARTBREAKER (with Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VCuCm6XKeA&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Dionne Warwick - i say a little prayer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yw4NVTwE4f0&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Dionne Warwick - I'll Never Fall In Love Again (MAX Proms 2007)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzBEtLou-9M&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Dionne Warwick - That's What Friends Are For
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyTpu6BmE88&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Dream a little dream (Doris Day) - Cover by Renee Maurice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esywxbHjT6M&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Dusty Springfield - Losing you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95Xd8bgXLLA&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Elvis Presley- Are You Lonesome Tonight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FO9GgysXlw&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Etta James - At Last - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-cbOl96RFM&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Everly Brothers- All I Have To Do Is DreamCathy's Clown 1960 (Reelin' In The Years Archives)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTYe9eDqxe8&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Frank Sinatra   Nancy Sinatra- Something Stupid +Lyrics - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMQM9kEBRWI&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Frank Sinatra - New York, New York.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUrUfJW1JGk&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Frank Sinatra - Somethin' Stupid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-zSsw0LQMw&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Frank Sinatra Fly Me To The Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQR0bXO_yI8&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Frank Sinatra Strangers In the Night (with Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHuko5BCFzA&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

I could have danced all night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ezy50aY6Bg&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

JULIO IGLESIAS - My Sweet Lord
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-LdXwV7mHw&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Let's Dance by Chris Montez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiE_3PfEGzc&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Louis Armstrong - Hello Dolly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7N2wssse14&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Louis Armstrong - What A Wonderful World (Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3yCcXgbKrE&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Lyrics~Chances Are-Johnny Mathis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LkyuuWnmag&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Marilyn Monroe - I Wanna Be Loved By You (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eDHlgnRuaM&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Matt Monro - On Days Like These (The Italian Job,1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQIRbV_noi8&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Music to Watch Girls By - Andy Williams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7iXpTJk15s&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Nat King Cole - L-O-V-E w lyrics (REDONE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oa_4fK7aVao&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Nat King Cole - Unforgettable (Lyrics HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUMoiU3h750&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Neil Diamond - Song Sung Blue (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_sEMnsOv8A&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Neil Diamond - Sweet Caroline [Lyrics]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLPiYZrwAzU&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

OH CAROL - NEIL SEDAKA  fhe619  ( with lyrics )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDMu0YTR1ik&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

On The Street Where You Live ~ Vic Damone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwhUipIX_oA&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Perry Como  It's Impossible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKQ9--_ZgB4&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Perry Como -- Magic Moments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yI9Zm3BaQFg&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Petula Clark ' This Is My Song'  in Stereo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8XmLuTmKIM&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Put Your Head On My Shoulder By Paul Anka (Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0RNeyjmaE0&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N18HZJLG9jg&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Righteous Brothers - Unchained Melody (1990 Remake with Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3FNSOuF2no&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Ronnie Milsap   Tears On My Pillow with Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiMyRSA5IP4&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Somewhere Over the Rainbow - The Wizard of Oz (18) Movie CLIP (1939) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSZxmZmBfnU&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

The Archies - Sugar, Sugar (Original 1969 Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9nE2spOw_o&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

The Mamas & The Papas - California Dreamin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-aK6JnyFmk&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

The Mamas & The Papas - Monday Monday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h81Ojd3d2rY&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

The Platters - Remember When
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAJD7sXvovo&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

The Platters Unchained Melody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UskkwKmccGU&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

THE SOUND OF SILENCE LYRICS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZYpzXjdtwg&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

The way you look tonight ~ Tony Bennett
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8gwKnkJHWY&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Tom Jones - Love Me Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8swUJ_FXwJ4&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Tony Bennett - Stranger In Paradise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-0TsjHGIG4&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Twilight Time - The Platters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vb7WXFkeaBo&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW

Vic Damone-The Shadow of Your Smile(The Sandpipe)HD 1280x526(vid.R.B.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6W20hPoo658&list=PLFGFNKT7xpknRXn_TfPmidkWuP9GjOGXW
Crooners Classics 50s 60s 70s