
5 MILLION VIEWS! - Shoutout to our subscribers!  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o77VzOPnf0g&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Assuming someone's pregnant - Not Pregnant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmiDKbISeRc&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Baelin Frog  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YY9DKP_ruVc&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Beached - Short Film (Wind Back Wednesday)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXhWgqaFRW0&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Being caught in a lie - Busy Excuse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIdi_P_OoB8&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Berry VO Artist Extraordinaire - Dragon Killers  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaMSX85lZfk&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Berry Voice-Over Artist Extraordinaire - Children's Show (NSFW Audio)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubBCGyEss34&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Berry Voice-over Artist Extraordinaire - Cutesies of Candy Cane  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUcsf7L6be4&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Charity Run (48 Hour Film Festival)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX6hxlMhk0s&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Dad Jokes  (When your relationship is built on puns)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-1xjhGhP54&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Discount war zone holiday deal - The Date.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxBh8zq49VY&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Edge vs Chrome (Internet Explorer vs Google Chrome)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSVIq_MhBOU&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Every YouTube instructional video ever - Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oHoXlnv-RE&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Facing doubt head on - Spirit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZudYEfPKvvA&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Fake Friend Request (Sketch about annoying fake catfish facebook request from hot girls)  VLDL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QixeF8ZrFZE&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Family Will  (Movie Murder Logic Exposed)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34yPfGn658E&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Fiji  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWZPu36ym_M&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Focusing on the wrong thing - Details Therapist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vyu9FdreMVk&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Forced into boring chit chat - Small Talk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aS-KzL1twiU&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

GUESS WHO short  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UkcwaVLYbM&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Hemorrhoids - Berry VO Artist Extraordinaire  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDLman0atr0&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Honest Small Talk (Bumping into old friends)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8Ta8n3wevY&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

House Flipper is terrifying -  House Flipper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2NmSMuNyUw&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

How Much Money Do We Make From Youtube  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLBeIDUIVbY&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

How The Last Of Us Part 2 should have ended.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HDZyBreN1E&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

How to make a viral video - Viral Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5wJDtlOjtg&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

I Wanna Tell My Story (When No One Is Actually Listening)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2SL5ozX7wo&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Killing Fans (Youtube channel discovered to be murdering fans)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wav5iDO7nns&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Lag PSA (Don't suffer from lag alone)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWkHy9mwoqs&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Lazy one word therapist - Hard Therapist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwCtyve2M8w&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Let's just have a chat!  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39UMWsmhcZ4&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Life after thirty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQFvX7I6Ihw&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Logan Review  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_w5ZFGNQ5d4&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Logitech Competition  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1mhSH_RtLk&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Our Patreon Launch Video!  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGrD_gBRP0g&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

People who do awkward animal voices in public - Dog Speak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAntyoOrj7U&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

PGI 2018 - Unbelievable PUBG Chicken Dinner  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCY48oOYdN4&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

PIMP MY RIG - Corsair And Playtech Pimped Us Out!  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIJZNaNoA-Y&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Q&A - More Brutal Questions and Answers  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=879Bc86NDZA&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Q&A - We said we would answer ANYTHING  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6MEx0ONzb0&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Question Time With Viva La Dirt League!  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJqt96hFkHY&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

REKT Trailer (New webseries releasing in September!!!!)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t76xFixFZL4&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Roaming Data Thief (When the tether trust is lost)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5j6bITC9pw&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Rock, Paper, Scissors, GUN! (Warning strong language and graphic violence)  Viva La Dirt League.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvCAjVejhhY&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Sensible Cinema Prometheus  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCyk96zQ7wE&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Splitting the last piece - Etiquette.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9yCUVPx0kM&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

That pro gamer friend - Git Gud.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGnt-rGA420&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

The I.T. Guy  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFHHbBV9nlo&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

The Nickname - Berry VO Artist Extraordinaire  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cL7qDAoE93g&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

The Process (The making of the Monthly Patreon Poster with the Artist Rowan Bettjeman)  VLDL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldzfJeoN0Yg&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Things no one says in Overwatch  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JnE-dEkeWQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Thumbs Up (facebook messenger thumbs up in real life)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iO9uau5_OdY&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

TOP 5 REASONS TO SUPPORT US ON PATREON   Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBna7BGU7T8&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Trying to make friends as an adult - Making Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqzgj-9h8Vs&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

VLDL (Viva La Dirt League) Trailer  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJcIEyKmbwI&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

VLDL Warcraft Review!  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYU6kIDgnhU&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

When printers malfunction - Printer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEy8CLWE1rk&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

When you forget someones name - Forgetting Names.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkswJROvDzA&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Who is Britt (Q&A with the girl from Epic NPC Man)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAvYlH3vGQw&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE

Who is Ellie (Q&A with the girl from the Bored series)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obAtDOdP9zA&list=PLSMETuURtTXAG7OHhomYAUsZphDDN6szE
Wildcard  Viva La Dirt League