
79567.  100,000 SUBSCRIBERS  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5opJW_YuM5Y&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79569.  50,000 Chocolate Bars! #Ad What Have I Done... Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfFHXfcZYfc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79572.  90s Kid Shows CHALLENGE  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaiNt24Csd8&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79576.  An Amazing Month Compilation  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DmnswSJDKc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79581.  Ask An 8 Year Old!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5BjFqqY-44&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79587.  Beginner Fidget Spinner  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=do6OuyGDGuY&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79594.  Biggest Awkward Headphone Compilation!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tisRCBsVlVk&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79602.  Calling Customer Services For Some Love  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8golAnCfsYg&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79611.  DAD VLOGS ARE FUN!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJks5-CBVyU&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79621.  Did I Complete The 50,000 Bar Challenge Ad  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcPdkdBTjvU&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79632.  DOVER = Worst Place To Live  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9O4Z8tIg1-U&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79644.  Dover Has a Banksy!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yEQGwLhDIY&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79657.  Fathers Day  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1_fkAr8s7g&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79671.  First Day At The Gym  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArW-MAYWm1s&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79686.  Followers Qs (with A Donut)  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4g02qDwpw8&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79702.  I Have Glasses!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqBtRFP2AYs&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79719.  I'm Calvin Harris!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkHjXn789mc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79737.  I'm In Trouble!!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g39skSci2M&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79756.  If You Laugh You Lose!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StJegD2njmE&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79776.  If You Lick Then You Tweeze  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1he-3Kc6Xjs&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79797.  John Cena - Jenga Files!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIi2FUjlqc4&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79819.  Karting Challenge With Ali A & Clare Siobhan Ad  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cikvE0kx8xI&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79842.  Ksi Vs Joe Weller Reaction  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5L1PnsPHdk&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79866.  MINECRAFT TUTORIAL!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=douPHPOzPb8&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79891.  MUM Q&A  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbgfi94Vvsc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79917.  My Book My Book!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46Aj_VrurcI&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79944.  My First & Worst Tattoos  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgjC3DhU8Fg&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

79972.  My First Beauty Class!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3tvGcQW1aA&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80001.  My First Twinkie!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRQetOx2T_k&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80031.  My Foam Mask  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HhA-40IXF0&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80062.  My Ghillie Suit!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItACevMbztg&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80094.  My See Ya Later Tattoo!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuXS7YaZ0NI&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80127.  Our First Christmas Tree!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ie2eT3K3gRY&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80161.  Pet Problems!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GVBw6QhpNU&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80196.  Q & A With CHARLOTTE!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4inYWA6NK0&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80232.  Reacting To My Old Videos  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKi7NBduBkc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80269.  Reading Hate Comments! (Mum Cameo)  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgeu3QWBNDY&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80307.  Reading Mean Comments (Ft. Mum)  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rpfraGE-wE&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80346.  Ringing My Followers  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EA3VMLt4wKA&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80386.  STAR WARS The Last Jedi Dad Vlog  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bQJY6mWEQA&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80427.  Surprising My Followers With OnePlus Phones And Pizza!!!  Arron Crascall AD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1jJxL-QvXw&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80469.  The Awkward Freeze!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cf4ipB55BZE&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80512.  The First Lockdown Girlfriend Haircut!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAgKKSJtHbo&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80556.  The Most DAD Thing Ever!!! Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F__KVjtzoFU&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80601.  The Play Button Is Here!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WNEmSrPy0g&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80647.  The Rascal Challenge  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x02JhsjGq9k&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80694.  They Pushed It Into My EARS!!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6WQenRYCBk&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80742.  Toddler Q & A  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QU3fwPusZYc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80791.  Top Ten Star Wars Moments With Alfie Crascall  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3r3JmqhZL0&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80841.  Unboxing The Ultimate Mask!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1DM2FHIPfc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80892.  VINE 2 IS COMING!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TEYcupsKeY&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80944.  Waxing and Plucking Challenge  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiGChTpPh4k&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

80997.  When you meet your Daddy's Home Heroes!  Arron Crascall AD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXVg0jVyCWQ&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

81051.  Why Did I Do This Face Peel!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHewazn_Kx8&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

81106.  Worlds Worst Gamer!! (Fortnite)  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBg570pPLeo&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

81162.  Worst Tv Ads In The Car!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tto_00IDW08&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

81219.  You Laugh You Lose! (With Charlotte)  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nweNgDiEmNU&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

81277.  £60 Random Dad Gifts!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJ7Q464r438&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F
Think it's a Vlog