
1.  'Till I Collapse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Obim8BYGnOE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

2.  (Everything I Do) I Do It For You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0pdQU87dc8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

3.  2Pac - Changes (Official Music Video) ft. Talent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXvBjCO19QY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

4.  3 Doors Down - Here Without You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPBzTxZQG5Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

5.  4 Non Blondes - What's Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NXnxTNIWkc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

6.  50 Cent - 21 Questions (Official Music Video) ft. Nate Dogg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDMhlvbOFaM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

7.  50 Cent - Candy Shop (Official Music Video) ft. Olivia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRcnnId15BA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

8.  50 Cent - In Da Club (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qm8PH4xAss&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

9.  50 Cent - P.I.M.P. (Snoop Dogg Remix) ft. Snoop Dogg, G-Unit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDApZhXTpH8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

10.  a-ha - Take On Me (Official Video) [Remastered in 4K].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djV11Xbc914&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

11.  Abba - Dancing Queen (Official Music Video Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFrGuyw1V8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

12.  ABBA - Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEjLoHdbVeE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

13.  ACDC - Back In Black (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAgnJDJN4VA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

14.  ACDC - Highway to Hell (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l482T0yNkeo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

15.  ACDC - Thunderstruck (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2AC41dglnM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

16.  Aerosmith - I Don't Want to Miss a Thing (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkK8g6FMEXE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

17.  Air Supply - Making Love Out Of Nothing At All.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogoIxkPjRts&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

18.  Akon - Don't Matter (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWA5hJl4Dv0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

19.  Akon - Lonely (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EEW-9NDM5k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

20.  Akon - Right Now (Na Na Na) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIaH35-MLsk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

21.  Akon - Smack That (Official Music Video) ft. Eminem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKDdT_nyP54&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

22.  Alicia Keys - No One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rywUS-ohqeE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

23.  Amy Winehouse - Back To Black.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJAfLE39ZZ8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

24.  Aqua - Barbie Girl (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyhrYis509A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

25.  Audioslave - Like a Stone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QU1nvuxaMA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

26.  Avril Lavigne - Complicated (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NPBIwQyPWE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

27.  Backstreet Boys - As Long As You Love Me (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Gl2QnHNpkA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

28.  Backstreet Boys - Everybody (Backstreet's Back) (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M6samPEMpM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

29.  Backstreet Boys - I Want It That Way (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fndeDfaWCg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

30.  Bee Gees - How Deep Is Your Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpqqjU7u5Yc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

31.  Bee Gees - Stayin' Alive (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_izvAbhExY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

32.  Berlin - Take My Breath Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx51eegLTY8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

33.  Beyoncé - Crazy In Love ft. JAY Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViwtNLUqkMY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

34.  Beyoncé - Halo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnVUHWCynig&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

35.  Blondie - Heart Of Glass (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGU_4-5RaxU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

36.  Bobby McFerrin - Don't Worry Be Happy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-diB65scQU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

37.  Bon Jovi - Always (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BMwcO6_hyA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

38.  Bon Jovi - Bed Of Roses (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvR60Wg9R7Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

39.  Bon Jovi - It's My Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx2u5uUu3DE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

40.  Bon Jovi - Livin' On A Prayer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDK9QqIzhwk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

41.  Boney M. - Ma Baker (Sopot Festival 1979) (VOD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c5yPIQ3LQI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

42.  Boney M. - Rasputin (Sopot Festival 1979) (VOD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16y1AkoZkmQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

43.  Bonnie Tyler - Total Eclipse of the Heart (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcOxhH8N3Bo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

44.  Britney Spears - ...Baby One More Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-u5WLJ9Yk4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

45.  Britney Spears - Oops!...I Did It Again (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CduA0TULnow&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

46.  Bryan Adams - Please Forgive Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7x8wPt8xarE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

47.  Busta Rhymes, Mariah Carey - I Know What You Want (Official HD Video) ft. Flipmode Squad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDaNJW_jEBo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

48.  Cher - Believe [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZXRV4MezEw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

49.  Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, Mya, Pink - Lady Marmalade (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQa7SvVCdZk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

50.  Coldplay - Fix You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4V3Mo61fJM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

51.  Coldplay - The Scientist (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB-RcX5DS5A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

52.  Coldplay - Yellow (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKNxeF4KMsY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

53.  Coolio - Gangsta's Paradise (feat. L.V.) [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPO76Jlnz6c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

54.  Creedence Clearwater Revival - Have You Ever Seen The Rain (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1V8YRJnr4Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

55.  Culture Club - Karma Chameleon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmcA9LIIXWw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

56.  Cyndi Lauper - Girls Just Want To Have Fun (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIb6AZdTr-A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

57.  Daft Punk - One More Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGBhQbmPwH8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

58.  Depeche Mode - Enjoy The Silence (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGSKrC7dGcY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

59.  Destiny's Child - Bills, Bills, Bills (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiF6-0UTqtc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

60.  Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0ffIJ7ZO4U&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

61.  Dr. Dre ft. Snoop Dogg - Still D.R.E. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CL6n0FJZpk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

62.  Dream Killers Divine Love Mission in 432hz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhQcHQv0E8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

63.  Dua Lipa - Don't Start Now (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oygrmJFKYZY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

64.  Earth, Wind & Fire - September (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gs069dndIYk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

65.  Edward Maya & Vika Jigulina - Stereo Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-Z3YrHJ1sU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

66.  Eiffel 65 - Blue (Da Ba Dee) [Gabry Ponte Ice Pop Mix] (Original Video with subtitles).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ugkg9RePc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

67.  Elton John - Sacrifice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrLkTZrPZA4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

68.  Eminem - Lose Yourself [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Yhyp-_hX2s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

69.  Eminem - Mockingbird (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9bCLPwzSC0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

70.  Eminem - Stan (Short Version) ft. Dido.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSLZFdqwh7E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

71.  Eminem - The Real Slim Shady (Official Video - Clean Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJO5HU_7_1w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

72.  Eminem - When I'm Gone (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wYNFfgrXTI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

73.  Eminem - Without Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVkUvmDQ3HY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

74.  Europe - The Final Countdown (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jK-NcRmVcw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

75.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

76.  Evanescence - Bring Me To Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YxaaGgTQYM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

77.  Evanescence - My Immortal (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5anLPw0Efmo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

78.  Extreme - More Than Words (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrIiLvg58SY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

79.  Fantasia - When I See U.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8iqEfje7Aw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

80.  Fergie - Big Girls Don't Cry (Personal) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agrXgrAgQ0U&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

81.  Filthy Rich Since I  (Lyric Music Video) 432hz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XH40eYBHW4s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

82.  Flo Rida - Low (feat. T-Pain) [from Step Up 2 The Streets O.S.T.  Mail On Sunday] (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2waT9TxPU0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

83.  FORD  Home Again (Quarantine  Performance).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NR6rgLIBGuQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

84.  Foreigner - I Want To Know What Love Is (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3Pr1_v7hsw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

85.  Fugees - Killing Me Softly With His Song (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKOtzIo-uYw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

86.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

87.  Gigi D'Agostino - L'Amour Toujours ( Official Video ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w15oWDh02K4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

88.  Goo Goo Dolls - Iris [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdYWuo9OFAw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

89.  Gorillaz - Clint Eastwood (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1V_xRb0x9aw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

90.  Gorillaz - Feel Good Inc. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyHNuVaZJ-k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

91.  Green Day - 21 Guns [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r00ikilDxW4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

92.  Green Day - Boulevard Of Broken Dreams [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soa3gO7tL-c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

93.  Guns N' Roses - November Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SbUC-UaAxE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

94.  Guns N' Roses - Paradise City.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rbm6GXllBiw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

95.  Guns N' Roses - Patience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErvgV4P6Fzc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

96.  Guns N' Roses - Sweet Child O' Mine (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w7OgIMMRc4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

97.  Guns N' Roses - Welcome To The Jungle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1tj2zJ2Wvg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

98.  Hey Ya!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7XnDlYY9qw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

99.  Hoobastank - The Reason (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV4DiAyExN0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

100.  In The End [Official HD Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVTXPUF4Oz4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

101.  James Blunt - You're Beautiful (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oofSnsGkops&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

102.  Jason Mraz - I'm Yours (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkHTsc9PU2A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

103.  John Denver - Take Me Home, Country Roads (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vrEljMfXYo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

104.  Justin Timberlake - What Goes Around...Comes Around (Short Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IC8qPpnD0uE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

105.  Kaoma - Lambada (Official Video) 1989 HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyLdoQGBchQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

106.  Katy Perry - Hot N Cold (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTHNpusq654&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

107.  Kiss - I Was Made For Lovin' You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhIsAZO5gl0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

108.  KYLE - Love Me Like You Say You Love Me [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSghtE_7SsU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

109.  Lady Antebellum - Need You Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eM213aMKTHg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

110.  Lady Gaga - Bad Romance (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrO4YZeyl0I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

111.  Lady Gaga - Poker Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bESGLojNYSo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

112.  Laura Branigan - Self Control (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RP0_8J7uxhs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

113.  Lil Wayne - Lollipop ft. Static (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IH8tNQAzSs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

114.  Lou Bega - Mambo No. 5 (A Little Bit of...) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EK_LN3XEcnw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

115.  Madcon - Beggin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrFI2gJSuwA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

116.  Madonna - La Isla Bonita [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpzdgmqIHOQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

117.  Mario - Let Me Love You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H64QG4UsrGI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

118.  Maroon 5 - She Will Be Loved (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIjVuRTm-dc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

119.  Marshmello - Alone (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALZHF5UqnU4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

120.  Mary J. Blige - Family Affair (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znlFu_lemsU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

121.  MC Hammer - U Can't Touch This (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otCpCn0l4Wo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

122.  Metallica Enter Sandman (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD-E-LDc384&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

123.  Metallica Nothing Else Matters (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAGnKpE4NCI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

124.  Michael Jackson - Beat It (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRdxUFDoQe0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

125.  Michael Jackson - Billie Jean (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi_XLOBDo_Y&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

126.  Michael Jackson - Smooth Criminal (Official Video - Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFvENQBc-F8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

127.  Michael Jackson - They Dont Care About Us (Brazil Version) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNJL6nfu__Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

128.  Michael Jackson - Thriller (Official Video - Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4V90AmXnguw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

129.  Miley Cyrus - Party In The U.S.A. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M11SvDtPBhA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

130.  Modern Talking - Cheri Cheri Lady (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNvUS-6PTbs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

131.  Modern Talking - You're My Heart, You're My Soul (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kHl4FoK1Ys&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

132.  Nelly - Dilemma (Official Music Video) ft. Kelly Rowland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WYHDfJDPDc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

133.  Nelly Furtado - Promiscuous (Official Music Video) ft. Timbaland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J3vgcE5i2o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

134.  Nelly Furtado - Say It Right (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JnGBs88sL0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

135.  Nirvana - Smells Like Teen Spirit (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTWKbfoikeg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

136.  No Doubt - Don't Speak (Official 4K Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TR3Vdo5etCQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

137.  Numb [Official Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXYiU_JCYtU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

138.  Oasis - Wonderwall (Official HD Remastered Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU05Eksc_iM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

139.  Queen - Another One Bites the Dust (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rY0WxgSXdEE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

140.  Queen - Don't Stop Me Now (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgzGwKwLmgM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

141.  Queen  Bohemian Rhapsody (Official Video Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ9rUzIMcZQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

142.  R.E.M. - Losing My Religion (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwtdhWltSIg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

143.  Radiohead - Creep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFkzRNyygfk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

144.  Ram Jam - Black Betty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_2D8Eo15wE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

145.  Rammstein - Du Hast (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3q8Od5qJio&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

146.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Californication [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlUKcNNmywk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

147.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Otherside [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn_YodiJO6k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

148.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Scar Tissue [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzJj5-lubeM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

149.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

150.  Ricky Martin - Livin' La Vida Loca.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p47fEXGabaY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

151.  Rihanna - S&M (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdS6HFQ_LUc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

152.  Rihanna - Umbrella (Orange Version) (Official Music Video) ft. JAY-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvBfHwUxHIk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

153.  Robert Miles - Children [Dream Version].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CC5ca6Hsb2Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

154.  Santana - Maria Maria ft. The Product G&B (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPLV7lGbmT4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

155.  Scorpions - Wind Of Change (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4RjJKxsamQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

156.  Sean Kingston - Beautiful Girls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrTz5xjmso4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

157.  Sean Paul - I'm Still In Love With You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQ4TW5Z8eu0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

158.  Shaggy - Angel ft. Rayvon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWJrPzAUzAs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

159.  Shaggy It Wasn't Me (Official Music Video) (uncensored).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_x6QmuJdms&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

160.  Shakira - Hips Don't Lie ft. Wyclef Jean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUT5rEU6pqM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

161.  Shakira - La Tortura (Video) ft. Alejandro Sanz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dsp_8Lm1eSk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

162.  Smash Mouth - All Star.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_jWHffIx5E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

163.  Someone Like You  Sugarhill Gang, Furious5, Mele Mel, Scorpio ft. Barshon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdaT4OcC5_0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

164.  Spice Girls - Wannabe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJLIiF15wjQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

165.  Starship - Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wxyN3z9PL4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

166.  Sting - Desert Rose (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3lWwBslWqg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

167.  Survivor - Eye Of The Tiger (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btPJPFnesV4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

168.  System Of A Down - Chop Suey! (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSvFpBOe8eY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

169.  System Of A Down - Toxicity (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iywaBOMvYLI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

170.  Taylor Swift - Love Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xg3vE8Ie_E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

171.  Taylor Swift - You Belong With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuNIsY6JdUw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

172.  Tears For Fears - Everybody Wants To Rule The World (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGCdLKXNF3w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

173.  The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD4vsh1zDA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

174.  The Black Eyed Peas - My Humps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEe_eraFWWs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

175.  The Black Eyed Peas - Pump It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaI2IlHwmgQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

176.  The Black Eyed Peas - Where Is The Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpYeekQkAdc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

177.  The Cranberries - Linger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6Kspj3OO0s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

178.  The Cranberries - Zombie (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ejga4kJUts&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

179.  The Notorious B.I.G. - Big Poppa (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phaJXp_zMYM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

180.  The Notorious B.I.G. - Juicy (Official Video) [Remastered in 4K].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JZom_gVfuw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

181.  The Outfield - Your Love (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N1iwQxiHrs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

182.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

183.  The Pussycat Dolls - Buttons (Official Music Video) ft. Snoop Dogg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCLxJd1d84s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

184.  The Pussycat Dolls - Don't Cha (Official Music Video) ft. Busta Rhymes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNSxNsr4wmA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

185.  The Verve - Bitter Sweet Symphony (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lyu1KKwC74&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

186.  The Wallflowers - One Headlight (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zzyfcys1aLM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

187.  The White Stripes - Seven Nation Army (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J2QdDbelmY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

188.  Timbaland - Apologize ft. OneRepublic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSM3w1v-A_Y&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

189.  Timbaland - The Way I Are ft. Keri Hilson, D.O.E., Sebastian (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5rLz5AZBIA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

190.  Titanic - My Heart Will Go On (Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gK_2XdjOdY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

191.  Toni Braxton - Un-Break My Heart (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2Rch6WvPJE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

192.  Toto - Africa (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

193.  U2 - I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3-5YC_oHjE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

194.  Usher - Yeah! (Official Video) ft. Lil Jon, Ludacris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxBSyx85Kp8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

195.  Vanilla Ice - Ice Ice Baby (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rog8ou-ZepE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

196.  VITAS FT. NAPPY ROOTS - Roll With the Beat (Official Music Video) 432hz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uib7u_O9dfI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

197.  Whitney Houston - I Have Nothing (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxYw0XPEoKE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

198.  Whitney Houston - I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eH3giaIzONA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

199.  Whitney Houston - I Will Always Love You (Official 4K Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JWTaaS7LdU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0

200.  Whitney Houston, Mariah Carey - When You Believe (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKaXY4IdZ40&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAyTDoCB7FAPSoQ8ggkjxg0
Oldies Playlist 70s, 80s, 90s & 00s - The Best 1970s to 2000s Hits Compilation