
1900 Yesterday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isRSGdji3NA&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

5-10-15-20-25-30 Years Of (Love) - The Presidents - HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEh4clWpFNQ&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

A Fifth Of Beethoven - Walter Murphy & The Big Apple Band  (1976)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8POx2NZjuzU&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Alicia Bridges - I Love The Nightlife (1978)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YhgDJAkzpw&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Alive 'N Kickin' - Tighter, Tighter - Stereo LP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pkal1Z3AUDU&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Alton McClain and Destiny - It Must be Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=By0wJVRL9FU&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Amazing Rhythm Aces - Third Rate Romance (1975)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRLehllONGI&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Apollo 100 - Joy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmkLP50GAiw&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

B.W. Stevenson My Maria (1973) - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAQlg2qSR2w&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Barbara Fairchild - The Teddy Bear Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KeiA2XTca9g&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Beach Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Od3ElFXI0Dw&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Bobby Caldwell ~ What You Won't Do For Love (1978) R&B  Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_gJOoICtHo&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Brotherhood Of Man - United We Stand (The original group from 1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3ScvoMvBK8&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Buggles - Video killed the radio star 1979
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iwuy4hHO3YQ&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

CARL DOUGLAS-KUNG FU FIGHTING IN MEMORY OF BRUCE LEE BY ELS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQQnYv2_yNA&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Cheryl Ladd - Think It Over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQx3GlaoEaw&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Chi Coltrane - Thunder and Lightning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xze0QhGBidc&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Chuck Brown & The Soul Searchers  -  Bustin' Loose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHz98dWSy3c&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

City of New Orleans - Arlo Guthrie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWrbxGtYWkY&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

CLIMAX -Precious and Few 1972  Revised Audiovideo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAeN0TwSsu0&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Dancing in the Moonlight (Original Recording) - King Harvest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5JqPxmYhlo&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Dave Loggins - Please Come To Boston (1974)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRhfQmi3T0I&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

David Soul - Dont Give Up On Us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4i8hXNqNIU&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

DEBBIE BOONE SINGS  YOU LIGHT UP MY LIFE  STEREO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nC9sEAqEjxs&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Dr. John - Right Place Wrong Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HT4RainY-lY&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

edison lighthouse - Love grows where my rosemary goes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr6H1a7YUac&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Elvin Bishop - Fooled Around & Fell In Love - 1976 -  HD Bubblerock Promo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4fhzMxT3tg&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Feelings - Moris Albert  HQ , MP3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHlBRf_D-Ps&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

First Class - Beach Baby (1974)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ge4l82FG6JY&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Five Flights Up - Do What You Wanna Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyDMrhKwefo&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

FRANK MILLS ~ MUSIC BOX DANCER  HD AUDIOVIDEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdEJmGGwMBY&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Free - All Right Now (Album Version) - 1970 - 33rpm vinyl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tToQ4rBZNDE&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Free Movement - I've found Someone Of My Own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1MAYky_cj8&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Gregg Allman - Midnight Rider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJoBRMVzzMU&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Hey There Lonely Girl  - Eddie Holman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKXHFRmtEP4&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Hey There Lonely Girl - Eddie Holman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0F4i1_MnEk&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Hold Your Head Up-Argent-1972-(Long Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBnSWJHawQQ&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Independents - Leaving Me - Early 70's Soul Ballad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEyfNo120V8&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Janis Joplin - Me And Bobby McGee (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfjon-ZTqzU&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

JEAN KNIGHT - MR. BIG STUFF (1971)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3euUMMHgtqs&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Jerry Butler - Ain't Understanding Mellow (1971)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JgI647n1Ac&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

John Phillips  ''Mississippi''
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uU8TTLSh7gM&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

John Valenti - Anything You Want ¦ 45 RPM 1976 ¦ OffTheCharts365
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9-OwLncJBU&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Layla - Derek and the Dominos (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_9IKZ2cGJc&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Love Story Soundtrack - 01 - Love Story Theme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4cmPh2peBY&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

M - Pop Muzik
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heQCCN59gTk&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Marilyn Sellars -- One Day At A Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSeZoPzmRRA&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Marmalade - Reflections Of My Life (Live, 1971)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trbCjj3R-cQ&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Marvin Hamlisch - The Entertainer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQVMoGqWJHc&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Maynard Ferguson - Gonna Fly Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONFjhAa4Nu0&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Montego Bay- Bobby Bloom- 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYYiaZcuEuk&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Mungo Jerry - In The Summertime ORIGINAL 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvUQcnfwUUM&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Nadia's Theme (The Young And The Restless) Barry DeVorzon & Perry Botkin Jr.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lww8ugZJVPQ&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Nazareth - Love Hurts [With Lyrics]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BU3xx7rxVLY&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

New York City - I'm Doin' Fine Now ¦ 45 RPM 1973 ¦ OffTheCharts365
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxxHhWtvfW8&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Nick Lowe - Cruel To Be Kind - Vinyl Play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qa-LnsGiOi0&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

O-O-H CHILD   The Five Stairsteps ~ 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RY2fr13ibFc&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Ocean - Put Your Hand In The Hand (1971 - HQ) (Original Live Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1iAaKHd7z8&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Pilot - Magic - You Tube Exclusive!  - IN STEREO 1975
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iiryJwvDtc&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Randy Vanwarmer - Just When I Needed You Most (HD) HIGH QUALITY AUDIO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBOQgL731Ac&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Red Sovine - Teddy Bear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RmujL7AmIk&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Rocky Balboa - Bill Conti - Gonna Fly Now (Theme From Rocky)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7_j3G5qJvc&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Ronnie McDowell - The King Is Gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0l8aQYbMtWA&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

SAMANTHA SANG ~ EMOTION (with The Bee Gees) highest def. audiovideo~ 1977
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPwpVJ-eIgg&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Sanford Townsend Band - Smoke From A Distant Fire (1976)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssoxE9_9JlU&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

She's All I Got by Freddie North.wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bRcBAXdhxTk&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Shocking Blue - Venus (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPEhQugz-Ew&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Sounds of Sunshine - Love Means (You Never Have To Say You're Sorry) (1971)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APMHp9sZyME&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Starland Vocal Band ~ Afternoon Delight  (1976)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEupNTQm-lA&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Sunshine - Jonathan Edwards original song and lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScfUfsUlGro&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Suzi Quatro - Stumblin' In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLPSLYbJT_0&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Switch - There'll never be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLKkkOoszAA&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Take the Long Way Home - Roger Hodgson (Supertramp) Writer and Composer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLP0y-X4uYs&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Tee Set - Ma Belle Amie (Rai Television Italian TV live 1970) Worldhit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuI4jYChNY0&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Terry Jacks - Seasons In The Sun (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tPcc1ftj8E&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

The Blues Image - Ride Captain Ride
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAnGe40-o9Q&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

The Glass Bottle  - I Aint Got Time Anymore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPf7W_reW-Y&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

The Last Lovin' You 1979 (with complete intro)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3jyFnkbIbw&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

The Natural Four - Can This Be Real (Curtom Records 1974)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwjbES2m7eE&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

The Nite-Liters - K-Jee - Raresoulie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8_60Y1DTuQ&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

The Original Caste - One Tin Soldier 45rpm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6itauSnrSZA&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

The Rapper - Jaggerz - HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaCVyLHYgWs&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

The Undisputed Truth   Smiling Faces Sometimes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMAdm2v33n0&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Tin Tin - Toast and Marmalade for Tea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1SenDxZAbA&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Toby Beau - My Angel Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AB01EDCTCNI&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Tom T Hall - I love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulyiXAopvV8&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Van McCoy - The Hustle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeUfDTn5huM&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

VEHICLE (Live) by The Ides Of March
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOFxUM7aOzs&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Vehicle (Remastered)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLwxEqUa_gg&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

VINYL VIDEO 002 - Play That Funky Music (Wild Cherry)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDxPYCwavhM&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

Walter Egan - Magnet And Steel (1978)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKDT58JRgWA&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

White Plains - My Baby Loves Lovin - ( TOTP )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTcN4Mm4ZDI&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

White Plains - My Baby Loves Lovin' 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWn_W3vOjDw&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

WILLIAM DEVAUGHN  Be thankful for what you got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xva0DJyAZwU&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m

[Frijid Pink - The House Of The Rising Sun] A - The House Of The Rising Sun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=US9lRkeW-m0&list=PLo-__umYa-ICkNzARX8dhHrAeRkB9cN8m
One Hit Wonders Of The 70s