
14th Annual Divine Mercy Medicine, Bioethics & Spirituality Conference — Questions and Answers Panel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xSg0Ca9wxI

Bryan Thatcher, MD — Being a Reflection of God's Mercy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHyqvaIq0Sg

Caring for the Health of the Homeless — Brother Michael T Duffy, OFMConv., DNP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLFBMnCIecI

Fr. Mark Yavarone, OMV — Bioethics Transgenderism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSwSivoIP1c

Fr. Mark Yavarone, OMV — Veritatis Splendor and Amoris Laetitia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-Y4lXUtfQY

Fr. Seraphim Michalenko, MIC — The Image of Divine Mercy in Light of Fatima
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_CAWAehvm0

Fr. Seraphim Michalenko, MIC — The Need to be Connected to the Holy Spirit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3-Z101j0zM

Gowri Anandarajah, MD — Patient-Centered Spiritual Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V694YKXMb2Q

How a Pulmonary Embolism Changed My Life — Fr. Chris Alar, MIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etbfUKtj-qI

How Healthcare Providers can Intercede for the Infirm — Dr. Ron Sobecks, Cleveland Clinic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62Ap4OlS6dI

How Your Faith Can Help Your Patients Suffering from Illnesses — The Very Rev. Kaz Chwalek, MIC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkVH5G2mvGU

Marian Spirituality for Healthcare Professionals — Sr. Ângela de Fátima Coelho, MD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEdUQ690Bf0

Most Rev. Bishop Robert McManus, M.A., STD — Catholic & Religious Directive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pb0vtugOHm0

Mother of Mercy Messengers at the 14th Annual Divine Mercy Healthcare Conference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CmRxv0p1yo

Physician Assisted Suicide The Abandonment of the Hippocratic Oath — Dr. Mark Rollo, MD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEVC4UflT7I

Ronald M. Sobecks, MD — Models of Humility in Clinical Practice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUt3xbWZSuM

Sr. Ângela de Fátima Coelho, MD — Suffering in the Lives of the Fatima Visionaries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QezW2ltEXkg

The First Ever Beatified Registered Nurse — Blessed Hanna Chrzanowska — Marie Romagnano, RN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oM73DjDQOVQ

The Source of Mercy is Within You — Sister M. Alicja Zelmanska, OLM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyGWyxqrI2E

The Spiritual Assessment of Patients — Kathleen Scoble, RN, and Marie Romagnano, RN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dxhf-0JoKV0
14th Annual Divine Mercy Medicine, Bioethics, and Spirituality Conference