
1.  'Til Tuesday - Voices Carry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uejh-bHa4To&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

2.  867 5309 (Jenny) lyrics on screen ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ou6DDG5e7I&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

3.  A Flock Of Seagulls - I Ran (So Far Away) (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIpfWORQWhU&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

4.  A Flock Of Seagulls Wishing -Full Version(Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zpOnnc5Jus&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

5.  a-ha - Take On Me (Official Video) [Remastered in 4K].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djV11Xbc914&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

6.  a-ha - The Sun Always Shines on T.V. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3ir9HC9vYg&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

7.  Abba - Super Trouper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BshxCIjNEjY&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

8.  Adam Ant - Goody Two Shoes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o41A91X5pns&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

9.  Alphaville - Forever Young ~Official Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1TcDHrkQYg&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

10.  Animotion - Obsession.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIs5StN8J-0&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

11.  Berlin - The Metro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNVLRPSEVaE&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

12.  Billy Idol - Eyes Without A Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OFpfTd0EIs&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

13.  Billy Idol - Flesh For Fantasy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dw1oM7LBbxE&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

14.  Billy Idol - White Wedding Pt 1 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAZQaYKZMTI&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

15.  Blondie - One Way Or Another.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pryJYyzoSpA&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

16.  Blondie - Rapture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHCdS7O248g&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

17.  Bobby McFerrin - Don't Worry Be Happy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-diB65scQU&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

18.  Boy's Don't Cry - I Wanna Be A Cowboy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s05jcrJw0as&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

19.  Bronski Beat - Smalltown Boy ORIGINAL VIDEO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xuz94ZIPfJk&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

20.  Bruce Springsteen - The River.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAB4vOkL6cE&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

21.  Buggles - Video killed the radio star 1979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iwuy4hHO3YQ&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

22.  Cameo - Word Up (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZjAantupsA&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

23.  Chris Isaak - Wicked Game    HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D3Nl1GZzuw&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

24.  Cyndi Lauper - Girls Just Want To Have Fun (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIb6AZdTr-A&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

25.  Cyndi Lauper - Time After Time (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdQY7BusJNU&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

26.  Dead Or Alive - You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGNiXGX2nLU&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

27.  DEF LEPPARD - Love Bites (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0T1IVyXBGjM&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

28.  Depeche Mode - People Are People (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzGnX-MbYE4&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

29.  Depeche Mode - Personal Jesus (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1xrNaTO1bI&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

30.  Devo - Whip It (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIEVqFB4WUo&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

31.  Donald Fagen - New Frontier (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBruAooXPNU&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

32.  Enola Gay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2Tt86_PdGM&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

33.  Erasure A Little Respect (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiKVjS3gR88&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

34.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Here Comes The Rain Again (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzFnYcIqj6I&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

35.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

36.  Falco - Rock Me Amadeus (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVikZ8Oe_XA&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

37.  Frankie  goes to hollywood - Two Tribes (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6-2b_3Dmxw&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

38.  Frankie Goes to Hollywood - Relax (original version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WZ33w3B8Hw&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

39.  Gary Numan - Cars. Released 21st August 1979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ldyx3KHOFXw&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

40.  Genesis Land of Confusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zU9lv_WqK6k&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

41.  Haircut 100 - Love Plus One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_msHpEa3_Y&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

42.  Harold Faltermeyer - Axel F (Beverly Hills Cop Soundtrack).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Le1z9HOY5Ss&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

43.  Heat of the Moment - Asia - With lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYZq_DlRBHQ&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

44.  Herbie Hancock - Rockit (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHhD4PD75zY&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

45.  howard jones - new song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYnK83WxJnw&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

46.  Howard Jones - No one is to blame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Fiba80YVyM&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

47.  Howard Jones - Things Can Only Get Better.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-OO9LloDSJo&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

48.  I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For (U2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zhi6nNYNOxQ&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

49.  I Want to know what love is - Foreigner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loWXMtjUZWM&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

50.  In A Big Country.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOgCjTXVnWk&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

51.  INXS - Need You Tonight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrZZfaDp02o&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

52.  J. Geils Band - Centerfold (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqDjMZKf-wg&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

53.  John Mellencamp - Jack & Diane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h04CH9YZcpI&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

54.  Johnny Hates Jazz - Shattered Dreams (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctwqa3QCwMw&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

55.  Journey-Dont Stop Believing (official song) with lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5wVZwdHmRY&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

56.  Katrina & The Waves - Walking On Sunshine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPUmE-tne5U&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

57.  Kim Carnes - Bette Davis Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPOIS5taqA8&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

58.  King Bees - My Mistake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Az5YBdtSE9Y&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

59.  Kool & The Gang - Celebration (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GwjfUFyY6M&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

60.  Level 42 - Something About You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-zP66eSLto&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

61.  Lionel Richie All night Long.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyQVjGdJ60g&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

62.  Madness - Our House (Official 4K Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwIe_sjKeAY&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

63.  Martha and the Muffins - Echo Beach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEQkIEkxm7k&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

64.  Men At Work - Down Under (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfR9iY5y94s&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

65.  Men At Work - Who Can It Be Now (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SECVGN4Bsgg&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

66.  Michael Jackson - Rock With You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5X-Mrc2l1d0&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

67.  Midnight Oil - Beds Are Burning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejorQVy3m8E&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

68.  Missing Persons - Destination Unknown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WDly1Oc_P4&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

69.  Missing Persons Walking In LA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_Ll0As4FPI&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

70.  Modern English - I Melt With You (Official Video) (1481247).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuN6gs0AJls&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

71.  Modern English - I Melt With You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuN6gs0AJls&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

72.  NICK LOWE - CRUEL TO BE KIND - HQ Best Version. New Audio..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0l3QWUXVho&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

73.  Night Ranger - Sister Christian (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z92bmlcmyq0&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

74.  Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark - Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXvlzUCB74o&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

75.  Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark - So In Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mD8TApX3btM&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

76.  Pat Benatar - Love Is A Battlefield (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGVZOLV9SPo&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

77.  Paul Young - Come Back and Stay (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeeJhEpeUfc&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

78.  Pet Shop Boys - West End Girls (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3j2NYZ8FKs&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

79.  Pet Shop Boys - What Have I Done To Deserve This (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wn9E5i7l-Eg&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

80.  Planet P Project - Why Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kT-K5hQl834&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

81.  Roxette - The Look.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlVI7ZNiFlI&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

82.  Roxy Music - Avalon (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpA_5a0miWk&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

83.  Roxy Music - More Than This.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOnde5c7OG8&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

84.  Shout - Tears For Fears.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEWwZNUafKo&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

85.  Simple Minds - Don't You (Forget About Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdqoNKCCt7A&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

86.  Simply Red - Holding Back The Years (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG07WSu7Q9w&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

87.  Spandau Ballet - True (HD Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AR8D2yqgQ1U&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

88.  Split Enz - I Got You (1980).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmQlBfxh4Us&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

89.  Squeeze - Tempted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UuU4mX1qnk&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

90.  Styx - Come Sail Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5MAg_yWsq8&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

91.  Talking Heads - Psycho Killer (with Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJ6fjGS1lRg&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

92.  The Alan Parsons Project- Eye in the Sky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNiie_zmSr8&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

93.  The B52's - Rock Lobster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDZy6-fMCw4&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

94.  The Bangles - Walk Like an Egyptian (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv6tuzHUuuk&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

95.  The Cars - Hello Again (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXpJ0bM5zbM&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

96.  The Cars - You Might Think (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dOx510kyOs&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

97.  THE CARS - JUST WHAT I NEEDED (1978).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5-rdr0qhWk&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

98.  The Cars-Shake it up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eq-yoorI7lo&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

99.  The Clash - Rock the Casbah (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJ9r8LMU9bQ&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

100.  The Dream Academy Life in A Northern Town rare 1985 Full HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O17MA58P-QY&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

101.  The Fixx - One Thing Leads To Another (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHYIGy1dyd8&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

102.  The Fixx - Saved By Zero.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOiZP8FS5Ww&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

103.  The Go-Go's - Our Lips Are Sealed (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3kQlzOi27M&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

104.  The Human League - Don't You Want Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPudE8nDog0&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

105.  The Jam - That's Entertainment (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-H0uIH5HHQ&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

106.  The Jesus And Mary Chain - Just Like Honey (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EgB__YratE&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

107.  The Knack - My Sharona.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbr60I0u2Ng&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

108.  The Motels - Only The Lonely (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaPTELylZ1s&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

109.  The Police - Don't Stand So Close To Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNIZofPB8ZM&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

110.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

111.  The Psychedelic Furs - Love My Way [1982].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zb4JY2mr-_Y&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

112.  The Specials - Ghost Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqZ8428GSrI&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

113.  This Mortal Coil - Song To The Siren (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFWKJ2FUiAQ&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

114.  Thomas Dolby - She Blinded Me With Science.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V83JR2IoI8k&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

115.  Thompson Twins - Hold Me Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9694K85Xc8&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

116.  Timbuk 3 - The Future's So Bright.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qrriKcwvlY&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

117.  Toto - Africa (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

118.  UB40 CAN'T HELP FALLING IN LOVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ajp0Uaw4rqo&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

119.  Ultravox - Reap The Wild Wind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDspWsK_-vQ&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

120.  Under Pressure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtrEN-YKLBM&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

121.  Visage - Fade to Grey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZiJQL9OLqI&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

122.  Wall Of Voodoo - Mexican Radio (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyCEexG9xjw&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

123.  Wang Chung - Dance Hall Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-xpJRwIA-Q&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

124.  Wang Chung - Everybody Have Fun Tonight (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoXu6QmxpJE&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

125.  Wham! - Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIgZ7gMze7A&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu

126.  Working Girl - The Members.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3H4n44V6yw&list=PLpYWKGMgRA1uU9lyMtR8vQBzc4HrjpqYu
80s playlist - 13+ hours of top hits from the 1980s