
1.  'Amsterdam' Live in Århus, Denmark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLurIHHUsNI&pp=sAQA

2.  'Moonage Daydream' with Johnny Marr in Manchester.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGxRwoiQm8Y&pp=sAQA

3.  'Old Man' w Liam & Lawrence @ Ruth Eckerd Hall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUVfuF4o8ac&pp=sAQA

4.  Anytime LIVE Neil Finn at Seymour Theatre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPKP_JawxIc&pp=sAQA

5.  Archers Arrows @ The Fillmore Miami Beach at Jackie Gleason Theater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=au6fa28b1ck&pp=sAQA

6.  Archers Arrows at Royal Theatre in Victoria.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktaHC_texKg&pp=sAQA

7.  Crowded House - Bad Times Good (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koP5sPxn6l4&pp=sAQA

8.  Crowded House - Better Be Home Soon (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQOlwMKpmvQ&pp=sAQA

9.  Crowded House - Deeper Down (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVVS4KcXV3w&pp=sAQA

10.  Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over (live from home, 2020).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cj_TyLte7S4&pp=sAQA

11.  Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9gKyRmic20&pp=sAQA

12.  Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over - Live on Fangradio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTj92GpQABQ&pp=sAQA

13.  Crowded House - Don't Stop Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUkEjbcLZGM&pp=sAQA

14.  Crowded House - Either Side Of The World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0odlsTs4idY&pp=sAQA

15.  Crowded House - Fall At Your Feet (live from home, 2020).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6DTkxwkqvM&pp=sAQA

16.  Crowded House - Fall At Your Feet - Live on Fangradio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cp85mNm2hK4&pp=sAQA

17.  Crowded House - Fingers of Love (Live in Brussels 18610).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCYIOCr53EA&pp=sAQA

18.  Crowded House - Goodnight Everyone (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0O8za6rklg&pp=sAQA

19.  Crowded House - I Feel Possessed (Live on Fangradio, 2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgqodbM1dA4&pp=sAQA

20.  Crowded House - I Feel Possessed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhhB4ztWFbQ&pp=sAQA

21.  Crowded House - Jimi Hendrix Little Wing jam during sound check in Newcastle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbF1fjwkYkU&pp=sAQA

22.  Crowded House - Live From The Island (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xw6sPC2qj-A&pp=sAQA

23.  Crowded House - Love Isn’t Hard at All (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=En3Xs57oJ6o&pp=sAQA

24.  Crowded House - Nails In My Feet - Live on Fangradio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOJ3X5c-wI4&pp=sAQA

25.  Crowded House - Now We're Getting Somewhere.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6Vl_OFScbc&pp=sAQA

26.  Crowded House - Playing with Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HRzk3sWMxAg&pp=sAQA

27.  Crowded House - Real Life Woman (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xds4pAcoXZQ&pp=sAQA

28.  Crowded House - Saturday Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsLISr-L-as&pp=sAQA

29.  Crowded House - Show Me the Way (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVauKkGwdSk&pp=sAQA

30.  Crowded House - Something So Strong (live from home, 2020).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwljB3S3LvI&pp=sAQA

31.  Crowded House - Something So Strong (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyBKzBtaKWM&pp=sAQA

32.  Crowded House - Start of Something (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pY6738IzNM&pp=sAQA

33.  Crowded House - Sweet Tooth (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oq9o5rB8JKA&pp=sAQA

34.  Crowded House - The making of To The Island.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Av-yW3L9eT8&pp=sAQA

35.  Crowded House - To The Island (Eddie & Elsie Edition).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17kt2KZzVyY&pp=sAQA

36.  Crowded House - To The Island (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HGjvQxGxNQ&pp=sAQA

37.  Crowded House - To The Island (Tame Impala Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDFi1mmZcC0&pp=sAQA

38.  Crowded House - To The Island (Unknown Mortal Orchestra Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYyheKtit3Q&pp=sAQA

39.  Crowded House - Too Good For This World (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2xlUutTOM4&pp=sAQA

40.  Crowded House - Twice If You're Lucky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcKh-VeFxX0&pp=sAQA

41.  Crowded House - Whatever You Want (Live From Home).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=201YkG3yEXY&pp=sAQA

42.  Crowded House - Whatever You Want (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZggTaHMoQYs&pp=sAQA

43.  Crowded House - Whatever You Want - Live on Fangradio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Uks0X6rR4w&pp=sAQA

44.  Crowded House - Whispers And Moans (Live on Fangradio, 2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvSvaobGhGY&pp=sAQA

45.  Crowded House - Woodface studio sessions, 1990.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0E2UsWkuc4&pp=sAQA

46.  Crowded House drummer Matt Sherrod backstage before Auckland Town Hall show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipN-H9L-VJs&pp=sAQA

47.  Crowded House Intriguer Insider.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cxsufCh_9g&pp=sAQA

48.  Dee McLoughlin and Turn Around Ted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVmCad4OgzM&pp=sAQA

49.  Either Side Of The World @ Tabernacle in Atlanta.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4xOGYFRRT0&pp=sAQA

50.  Elephants LIVE at Wollongong Entertainment Centre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0adXrIj2IVU&pp=sAQA

51.  Four Seasons In One Day live in Edmonton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYirvLQTQTM&pp=sAQA

52.  Games Before Stage Time in Troutdale.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYBxKUl6f5Y&pp=sAQA

53.  Hi-Ho Crowded House at Hammersmth Apollo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fhHA9L_QW0&pp=sAQA

54.  I Feel Possessed @ Massey Hall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fafdKMPm6uM&pp=sAQA

55.  I Got You live at Chicago House Of Blues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYWMRLamWrg&pp=sAQA

56.  In My Command at Saratoga Mountain Winery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWrKEoZMtOg&pp=sAQA

57.  Intriguer spotting in Auckland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onb5uAKeJqM&pp=sAQA

58.  Intriguer spotting on Hollywood Blvd.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNHEgOHQhAI&pp=sAQA

59.  Isle Of Wight Festival Sing Along.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbN73gCLl1I&pp=sAQA

60.  Italian Plastic @ The Bowery Ballroom NYC.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_Q7cqqFbP0&pp=sAQA

61.  Kare Kare LIVE in San Francisco @ Warfield Theater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkIgkOv4OdU&pp=sAQA

62.  Liam backstage in Clearwater Florida.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hC64b4vNBbU&pp=sAQA

63.  Locked Out LIVE at Chicago House Of Blues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBnMuCwg3wQ&pp=sAQA

64.  Lola at Hyde Park with Crowded House.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XejibmYCiQg&pp=sAQA

65.  Love You 'Til The Day I Die @ Wellmont Theatre Montclair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b12gpxk9l6I&pp=sAQA

66.  Mark Hart races Sven & Sam in Amsterdam (Flip Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEeg4F5LOsQ&pp=sAQA

67.  Marriage Proposal at the Cape Town Crowded House Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1PL3PbvGFo&pp=sAQA

68.  Matt Sherrod @ Hammersmith Apollo - Private Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biPZhjofTYk&pp=sAQA

69.  Mean To Me LIVE at Cape Town Grand Arena.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWUBxGQTBKE&pp=sAQA

70.  Message To My Girl at Royal Theatre Victoria.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNIj34vhCFw&pp=sAQA

71.  Miss Little w Crowded House at Hordern Pavilion in Sydney.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8S7GWkIIKak&pp=sAQA

72.  Nails In My Feet LIVE in Perth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7QOiXgVk5I&pp=sAQA

73.  Nick's Surf Dance in San Diego.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OZL8DAP5yg&pp=sAQA

74.  Pineapple Head LIVE at the Boston House of Blues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ANeR6dqtjQ&pp=sAQA

75.  Pre Show Warm Up @ Oxford New Theatre (Flip Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-WHfO2ZytY&pp=sAQA

76.  Say That Again LIVE in Johannesburg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0moqmqzBDU&pp=sAQA

77.  Sinner LIVE Neil Finn at Seymour Theatre - Funny.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bBv0b9EX7o&pp=sAQA

78.  Something So Strong LIVE at Durban Convention Centre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_LsNd5hBfY&pp=sAQA

79.  Temple of Low Men on Fangradio - promo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVJqa4U-Zk4&pp=sAQA

80.  When You Come in Los Angeles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kG2nT_pCzOE&pp=sAQA

81.  Whispers and Moans @ Metropolis Montreal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_OxjfjU2rQ&pp=sAQA
Crowded House