
'Twas The Night Santa Got High
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apCh0-oBsEw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

90's Obstacle Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ug2Y90MU0Vw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

A Dirty Cop's Worst Nightmare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Bn3oIgriw8&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

A Message From the Skype CEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZI0w_pwZY3E&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

ABC CEO No More Racist Shows  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slT5WcWNq_s&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

April Fool's on the Internet Sucks  Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpdTO-E2xxo&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Are These Jedi or Scientologists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVsNNDhBhVU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Black Mirror Episodes from Medieval Times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1aSqZ23ydk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Blockr - The App for Blocking People IRL with John Cena
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDJ2yOCoGqQ&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Boring Beer for Boring People  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etFHelvFeHE&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Christmas Elves vs. Fantasy Elves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw7dexoX4pQ&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

CollegeHumor CEO Laughing Is Overrated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nchEYmR0fOw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

CollegeHumor is Shutting Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbxo-w7kT28&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

CollegeHumor's Favorite Classic Videos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlITiUt7xy8&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

CollegeHumor's Favorite Grant Fails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bb2O7YDhrZ8&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

CollegeHumor's Favorite Guest Stars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFUYQgZwRb4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

CollegeHumor's Worst Days on Set
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTEZOQ-vVO4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Comedy Sucks (with Bassem Youssef)  Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fwq5lPWzirU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Defender of the Basic  Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1mbbYKPpHY&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Defender of the Basic Meets The April Fool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-vcosXe2sw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Don't Trash Talk New York  Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNpoplfLT1w&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Dreadlord's New Sidekick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9-enwwtnxM&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

DROPOUT Is a Netflix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBG9qrEhLVA&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Eat Mayo Wherever You Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x24fU-Dt66o&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Eating With Your Rich Friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XN-u3q3wgtA&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Every Wedding Speech Ever  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wszzgOnJ5U&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Everyone Thinks They're an Expert  Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_nR5TcRWo0&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Exercise Counts More If It's Hard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nbhl6A2HIoI&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Feel Bad for the Bad Guy  Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR-_pC5Zs-g&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Gag Gifts Are Worse Than Nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGvBaQxPFyc&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

GoFundMe CEO We Could Use A Few Fun Ones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIsXEkR5OVs&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Hardware Store CEO We're Rebranding (For Some Reason)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sI1SLHEC98I&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Honest Road Trip  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFWudk6aIuU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Honest Trip to the Doctor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CP6C9oHXyEc&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

How Politicians Sound When Explaining COVID Rules
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpMJjvhTi-8&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

How the Internet Is Ruining Comedy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNzWb9Lu2Fs&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

How To Sound Smart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkPZx6hjG7E&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

I Swear I Didn’t Wreck the Bathroom  Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-RfKvhT_NU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

I'm Comfortable, Not Soft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihsC16UzzFE&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

If Google Was a Guy (Quarantine Edition Full Series)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ag86dYOG9iM&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

If Google Was a Guy Quarantine Edition (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVS5BMH-Fu4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

If Google Was a Guy Quarantine Edition (Part 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTydy0lH33k&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

If Google Was a Guy Quarantine Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aliY82008tk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

If People Acted Like They Do on Dating Apps   Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3reDBifVxzk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Infinity War of Infinite Avengers  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEMgWviJ81A&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

iOS 14 More Rounded Boxes Than Ever Before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxgg_kW3QLU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

It's God's Fault We Lost the Game  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dMSvXE9Gxw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

It's My Right to Hold This Turd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4pxtiLR928&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Just One Sec
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNZbzoLkHBw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

JUUL CEO No More Advertising to Kids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2POq39ce_5I&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Katie Goes Viral
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_kun8ydPlw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Katie Hits Rock Bottom  Kingpin Katie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZdk30imQVs&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Lazy Ghost Has SO Much Unfinished Business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGLQY5Hl6oY&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Lie Detector  Game Changer [Full Episode]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8x-xoDeJsQ&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Lying to Have Something in Common
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fStc0oBUZ9A&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Meet Cute with a Ghost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5ee_ElHoNM&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

MoviePass CEO PLEASE DON'T CANCEL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBO_7UezpbY&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Museum of the 90's
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-paAxoElEc&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Mystery Porn Sounds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yw5FkoQcXlY&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

New Year’s Fingering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-QKpeybj8c&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Oh No, Did We Hurt Brennan's Feelings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aimQ6bH-Mw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Oreo CEO  Stop Making New Oreos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMkYw4dp_NI&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Realistic 80s Costume Party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbBqxYKxSdA&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Shut Up and Buy This iPhone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghC6t4_f18s&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Slide Into the DMs The Gameshow!  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIVrBf10rhQ&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Stop Asking Women To Talk About Being Women
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IFR2ApwRR4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Stop Ruining Rick & Morty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-KInfYzqZU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Superman's Villains Take Over Shark Tank (with Daymond John)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSp9R3DTdgQ&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The Apothecary Barista
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzkwD1LEXQ4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The Best CollegeHumor Sketches Ever (of 2019)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-O8hYbieZE&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The CH Cast’s Favorite Sketches of 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sdmJ08gz8o&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The CollegeHumor Cast (and Also Kyle) Catches Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyghEQ8N3Hg&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The Girl With a Birthday Month
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fploN6Kgcvo&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The Guy Who Needs To Win Everything  Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7MBoi2m31w&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The Guy Who Won't Call In Sick  Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pe9JVLEBgcc&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The Guy Who Won’t Talk About Politics   Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAEkQtB_sH0&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The Internet Goes Trick-or-Treating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LU9vXfnh9Hs&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The News Is Just Tweets Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBD1d-NnCCQ&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The Planet of Horny Tech Support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vi1WaBmhdVE&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The School Library Computer Game Collection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4daNpP2YeOU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The Super Bowl Isn't About Football
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmeXEAZ-dMk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

The Truth About Football
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQtSdsR1-H8&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

There's Meat Hiding in Every Food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CY-w-8SuMZs&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

This Year’s Hottest College Looks  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5Us-Ns6Avc&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Tide CEO Soap Isn't Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z36OznHFIt4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Tide CEO You Gotta Stop Eating Tide Pods  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFKQ7GflRkk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Tumblr CEO No More Porn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtUuab1Aqg0&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Ugh, Political Comedy is the Worst
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oz0H45F_c7c&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Venmo CEO We’re Fun!   CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWFLztKBrLY&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Voter Registration Drive LIVE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZNfeRnlue4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

What's Wrong With Being Whipped
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXp1iUf753o&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

When You Don't Get Nerdy References  Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sitxg0Lcz6s&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

When Your Date's Apartment Sucks  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_Qq1H2ceQk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Which Book Should Trigger Our Secret Door
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RsgcAuWbP8&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Who Gets the Cool Gun  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxBB5XjeGpI&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Who Got Me Sick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnMkde3z4LY&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Who’s the Real Cop  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhQmYcugCv0&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Women Should Be SO Embarrassed!  CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQMefVlBi9o&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Wow, Nobody Can Flirt With Me Anymore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1HITdR7oE_M&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

You Deserve a Nobel Prize   CH Shorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrPvX1qP7BM&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

You Don't Actually Need a Menu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5oL4QKb6Sk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

You're Too Sad to Argue With  Hardly Working
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7b_0CfmQ1NU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

Your Overly Complicated Holiday Plans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHYGUcISsUU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7
CollegeHumor Brennan Lee Mulligan