
1.  01 - A Kind Of Magic (Highlander Version) - Queen Remastered 2011.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzbWXD45GC8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

2.  10 cc - feel the love(Oomachasaooma) (1983).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zknft346b0M&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

3.  10. Rupert Holmes - Escape (The Piña Colada Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TazHNpt6OTo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

4.  1988 - Roxette - Listen to your heart (Swedish single edit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rENbBX1KUgU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

5.  A Flock of Seagulls - I Ran (So Far Away).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJ7NVjZ-Eyg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

6.  A Flock Of Seagulls - The More You Live, The More You Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TROOtt-68F4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

7.  A Flock Of Seagulls - Wishing (If I Had a Photograph of You) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opkzgLMH5MA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

8.  A-Ha - The Living Daylights (Original Soundtrack).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXM4eIoPZUU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

9.  a-ha The Sun Always Shines On Tv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TfV92vVINY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

10.  Abba - One Of Us.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIKAe8Wi0S0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

11.  Abba - Super Trouper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BshxCIjNEjY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

12.  Abba - The Winner Takes It All (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92cwKCU8Z5c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

13.  ABC - All Of My Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKh84LEuKCo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

14.  ABC - How to be a millionaire  - 1985.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHhOUYdg2S8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

15.  ABC - Poison Arrow (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a70yJwgQtzo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

16.  ABC - When Smokey Sings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTV5FvNCbhk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

17.  Ace of Base - All That She Wants (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d73tiBBzvFM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

18.  Ace of Base - Happy Nation (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWjCStB6k4o&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

19.  Ace of Base - The Sign (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqu132vTl5Y&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

20.  Adam & The Ants - Prince Charming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9p__WmyAE3g&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

21.  Adam & The Ants - Stand And Deliver (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4B2a6l6wM2k&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

22.  Adam Ant - Goody Two Shoes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o41A91X5pns&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

23.  Afrika Bambaataa - Reckless.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdnSsI0f84I&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

24.  Agnetha Fältskog  -  Wrap your Arms around me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUePJktWde0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

25.  Agnetha Fältskog - The Heat Is On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FlfkjRvVs4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

26.  Air Supply - Lost In Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bG_zk6FwU0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

27.  Air Supply - Making love Out of nothing at all (video lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEd6QUbK2Mw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

28.  Air Supply - Sweet Dreams Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krSyAZs7tbc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

29.  Air Supply - The One That You Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nY31ZH6hAFI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

30.  Al Bano & Romina Power-Felicita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdFXexNORZk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

31.  Albert Hammond - Give a little love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JOhdTDeGZw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

32.  Alice Cooper - Hey Stoopid (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcAl93uEYUA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

33.  Alice Cooper - Poison.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq4j1LtCdww&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

34.  Alisha - Baby Talk 1985 (1712967).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OPS_CuW5io&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

35.  Alisha - Baby Talk 1985.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OPS_CuW5io&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

36.  Alison Moyet - Is This Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDdAgJxdgcQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

37.  Alphaville - Big In Japan Original.1984.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOKQFTH5w5I&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

38.  Alphaville - Sounds Like A Melody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mO3IEDRsP2Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

39.  Altered Images - Happy Birthday (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6t1vaF50Ks0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

40.  Alvin Stardust - Pretend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FQx1awDN_8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

41.  Amazulu - Too good to be forgotten 1986.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40u6D46EMtk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

42.  An Englishman In New York (Full-Length Album Version) - Godley & Creme (10cc).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQr6FYFEjI8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

43.  Aneka - Japanese Boy • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VCrbtP-wDg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

44.  Annie lennox (Eurythmics) Would I lie to you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3bhjGV0R3M&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

45.  Arcadia - Election Day (7 Version) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4W5aKwrsYIM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

46.  ART OF NOISE  MOMENTS IN LOVE (THE ORIGINAL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ux3u31SAeEM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

47.  Autumn in New York - Frank Sinatra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmrb29W_Ktk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

48.  Aztec Camera - Somewhere In My Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2w1Q8ZkXZ1Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

49.  B.B. & Q. Band - On the Beat (LP Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf6Bp8cnq6Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

50.  BAD MANNERS - LIP UP FATTY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6fQnTyEniM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

51.  Barbra Streisand - Till I Loved You (with Don Johnson).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cL7w7pGM284&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

52.  Barclay James Harvest - Life is for Living.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxssOv-hAy4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

53.  Bee Gees - You Win Again (1987).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZY9oYSSjFI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

54.  Belinda Carlisle - Heaven Is A Place On Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2F4INQFjEI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

55.  Belouis Some - Some People [Official Video - album mix].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6VZMOnzTEg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

56.  Ben E. King - Stand By Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwZNL7QVJjE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

57.  Berlin - Take My Breath Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx51eegLTY8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

58.  Beverly Hills Cop (1984) - Opening & Truck chase.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiuBWPKHTPA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

59.  Bill Medley & Jennifer Warnes - Time Of My Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUoDaCH1MJM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

60.  Billy IDOL  FLESH FOR FANTASY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtgcfYZeNKo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

61.  Billy Idol - Cradle Of Love (Single Edit) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPaijDQe4-4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

62.  Billy Idol - Rebel Yell (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdphvuyaV_I&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

63.  Billy Idol - White Wedding Pt 1 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAZQaYKZMTI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

64.  Billy Idol Rebel Yell   1999 Digital Remaster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-z-do2cuuoQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

65.  Billy Joel - It's Still Rock and Roll to Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eAQa4MOGkE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

66.  Billy Joel - Tell Her About It (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0pM5dm--yQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

67.  Billy Joel - We Didn't Start the Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFTLKWw542g&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

68.  Billy Joel - You're Only Human (Second Wind) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhxjNYvJbgM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

69.  Billy Joel Uptown Girl [Live at Bonnaroo '15].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDnhErj3xJ8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

70.  Billy Ocean - Caribbean Queen (No More Love On The Run) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f16Fw_K45s&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

71.  Billy Ocean - Get Outta My Dreams, Get Into My Car (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNgcYGgtf8M&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

72.  Billy Ocean - Loverboy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmhjXEkI5Lg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

73.  Billy Ocean - There'll Be Sad Songs (To Make You Cry) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLjpJZbxkAU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

74.  Billy Ocean - When the Going Gets Tough, the Tough Get Going (Version 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIxUKbV0UEM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

75.  Black Box - Ride on Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0quXl_od3g&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

76.  BLANCMANGE   LIVING  ON THE CEILING  HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkWOBW7GA54&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

77.  Blondie - Heart Of Glass (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGU_4-5RaxU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

78.  Bob Marley & The Wailers - Could You Be Loved (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGIkImLf11o&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

79.  Bob Marley & The Wailers - One Love  People Get Ready.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RP2OwHO4uU4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

80.  Bobby Brown - My Prerogative (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cDLZqe735k&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

81.  Bobby McFerrin - Don't Worry Be Happy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-diB65scQU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

82.  Bonnie Tyler - Bitter Blue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UA9_dsIGtUw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

83.  Bonnie Tyler - Holding Out For A Hero (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWcASV2sey0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

84.  Boston - Amanda.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4FbRl1Lms4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

85.  Bow Wow Wow - Do You Wanna Hold Me [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDXi4yqVd9g&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

86.  Bow Wow Wow - The man mountain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3bjHyc8AOo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

87.  Breakout - Swing Out Sister.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-P67b07z7Qw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

88.  Bronski Beat - Smalltown Boy ORIGINAL VIDEO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xuz94ZIPfJk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

89.  Bronski Beat - Tell Me why (ORIGINAL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzA-V0YN3QA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

90.  Bros - I Owe You Nothing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yu0T9n5uos&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

91.  Bros - When Will I Be Famous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvQTTA9raJU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

92.  Bruce Hornsby & The Range - The Way It Is (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOeKidp-iWo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

93.  Bryan Adams - Heaven (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6TtwR2Dbjg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

94.  Bryan Adams - Straight From The Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ebtjgK8NNU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

95.  Bryan Ferry - Don't Stop The Dance (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjhTHQhJLxs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

96.  Bryan Ferry - Slave To Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UH1CMCtV4to&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

97.  Bucks Fizz - Making Your Mind Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4-lKMGII_k&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

98.  C & C Music Factory - Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now)[The Slammin' Vocal Club Mix].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1sXRGYv88I&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

99.  Cabaret Voltaire - Sensoria (7'' Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2vCpT1H7u0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

100.  Can't We Try - Dan Hill & Vonda Shepard (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5IhzxwgVII&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

101.  Captain and Tenille  Do That To Me One More Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRbGWa8x-DA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

102.  Captain Sensible - Wot -.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pqC563bX_w&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

103.  Carly Simon - Coming Around Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnU9amzi6n4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

104.  Champaign - How 'Bout Us (DVD Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBUqDr14DEw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

105.  Chariots of Fire • Main Theme • Vangelis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSav51fVlKU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

106.  Cherry Laine - Night in Chicago.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoM4Hi6w15M&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

107.  china crisis - wishful thinking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oj20LKdg8-8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

108.  Chris DeBurgh - Lady In Red.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vt2YIpZWBqA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

109.  Chris Rea - Josephine (1645704).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MkTQYtrN7c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

110.  Chris Rea - Josephine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MkTQYtrN7c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

111.  Chris Rea The Road To Hell (Part II).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHbgZhh1Fps&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

112.  Christopher Cross   All Right.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9I-cxF7jZH8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

113.  Christopher Cross - Ride Like The Wind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur8ftRFb2Ac&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

114.  Clarence Clemons & Jackson Browne - You're a Friend of Mine (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=087mi1e46us&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

115.  Cliff Richard - Some People (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3UclsQc8KA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

116.  Climie Fisher  - Love Changes Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8dy8tfUCEg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

117.  Climie Fisher - Rise To The Occasion (1987).flv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyNsVsMA-q0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

118.  Cock Robin - The Promise You Made.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pk3A_QSINI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

119.  Cock Robin - Thought You Were on My Side (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc530KCXCSk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

120.  Colonel Abrams & Boards of Canada - Trapped (Hell Interface edit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ug0y1ZhdHT0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

121.  Comanchero MoonRay Video Clip 1984 (MCM).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_pLleIU41A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

122.  Commodores - Nightshift (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrkEDe6Ljqs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

123.  Corey Hart - Sunglasses At Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2LTL8KgKv8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

124.  Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9gKyRmic20&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

125.  Culture Club - Do You Really Want To Hurt Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nXGPZaTKik&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

126.  Culture Club - I'll Tumble 4 Ya (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwb9-OlQimc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

127.  Culture Club - Karma Chameleon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmcA9LIIXWw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

128.  Culture Club - Move Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrW5npr5fk8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

129.  Cutting Crew - (I Just) Died In Your Arms (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dOwHzCHfgA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

130.  Cyndi Lauper - Girls Just Want To Have Fun (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIb6AZdTr-A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

131.  Cyndi Lauper - Time After Time (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdQY7BusJNU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

132.  Cyndi Lauper - True Colors (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPn0KFlbqX8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

133.  Dalbello - Tango (complete original video in HQ!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHzCbjNmgYs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

134.  Dan Hartman - Relight My Fire (Original Full Extended Mix) [1979 HQ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJwwaIhYf9Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

135.  Dan Hartman - We Are The Young.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uzGmcRN114&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

136.  DAN REED NETWORK - Get To You [1988].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiDMoK-WABQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

137.  dancin' the night away - voggue (disco 1981).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vamqMLTF7ZU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

138.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - I Can't Go For That (No Can Do) Remastered, HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BISgOXhNEYY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

139.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - Maneater (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRYFKcMa_Ek&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

140.  David A. Stewart - Lily Was Here ft. Candy Dulfer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypbjIwbTR8c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

141.  Dazz Band - Let It All Blow (1984) Album Version - HQsound.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huNs2MCObu0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

142.  Dead Or Alive - Lover Come Back (To Me) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6E3fslffUw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

143.  Dead Or Alive - You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGNiXGX2nLU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

144.  Debbie Gibson Foolish Beat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0UvyWPhJ5o&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

145.  Debbie Gibson Lost In Your Eyes with Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Fahv-IxLaE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

146.  DEF LEPPARD - Pour Some Sugar On Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UIB9Y4OFPs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

147.  Dennis Edwards ft. Siedah Garrett - Don't Look Any Further (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CH3rx8LhrQo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

148.  Depeche Mode - Blasphemous Rumours (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZRGPg5laDU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

149.  DEPECHE MODE - LOVE IN ITSELF.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SbXMEl-goc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

150.  Depeche Mode - Master And Servant (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsvfofcIE1Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

151.  Depeche Mode - Never Let Me Down Split Mix Single Version HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1jY6K93OS8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

152.  Depeche Mode - New Life (DTS 5.1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUs-ngoAAvM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

153.  Depeche Mode - People Are People (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzGnX-MbYE4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

154.  Desireless - Voyage Voyage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PDmZnG8KsM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

155.  Dianne Reeves & Lou Rawls - Fine Brown Frame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyYcv3TMM4A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

156.  Didn't we almost have it all- Whitney Houston.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZVLHjnitnM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

157.  Dionne Warwick   All the Love in the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZPxdvYLHVQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

158.  Dionne Warwick - HEARTBREAKER (with Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VCuCm6XKeA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

159.  Dire Straits - Money for Nothing (Clean Radio Edit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0cmJOgIx68&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

160.  Dire Straits - Walk Of Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kd9TlGDZGkI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

161.  Do They Know It's Christmas (1984 Original Version) Band Aid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBwkzix0aIE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

162.  DOLCE  VITA   Ryan  Paris    2009  VERSION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kdcfVW18jU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

163.  Dolly Dots - Hela-di-ladi-lo • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipODO3MlN24&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

164.  Dolly Dots - She´s a Liar 1984.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ym5jcT307E0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

165.  Dolly Parton - You Are (+ Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7EQpou8jmQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

166.  Dolly Parton 06 I Will Always Love You [Original Version].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHw62eZpHk4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

167.  Don Johnson - Heartbeat (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CR4lSORZ_Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

168.  Don't Lose My Number Lyrics!- Phil Collins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prXaTe3zzYI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

169.  Donna Summer - No More Tears (Enough Is Enough) (Duet With Barbra Streisand).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5i2Dj5YO3Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

170.  Donna Summer - She Works Hard For The Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09ZSKE38lTU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

171.  Donna Summer - This Time I Know It's For Real (Extended Remix) (Dj Rafa Burgos Video Edit) (1989).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kF04-SA0QG0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

172.  Doobie Brothers ~ What A fool Believes (1979) Classic Rock R&B Pop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJe1iUuAW4M&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

173.  Doris D & The Pins - Shine Up 1981.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htjM8vbMfUs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

174.  Double - The Captain Of Her Heart (Official Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kpJJ66Tf70&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

175.  Double Trouble & The Rebel Mc - Just Keep Rockin' (Sk'ouse Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emlQvxDlMcM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

176.  Double Trouble & The Rebel Mc - Street Tuff (Scar Radio Mix 7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2_Y71vzH8s&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

177.  Dr. Hook-Baby Makes Her Blue Jeans Talk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iYpboTjtoQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

178.  Dream Academy - Life In A Northern Town (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UXnulANF8g&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

179.  Duran Duran - Girls On Film (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCjMZMxNr-0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

180.  Duran Duran - Is There Something I Should Know (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3M0hogZyRyU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

181.  Duran Duran - Save a Prayer (Remastered 2003 Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_6Kr5e2dYc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

182.  Duran Duran - Union Of The Snake (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6p5Q6_JBes&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

183.  Duran Duran - Wild Boys (Top Pop 1984 HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7xVRjvaPsU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

184.  Dusty Springfield - In private.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1z5DZEse3I&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

185.  E.L.O (Electric Light Orchestra) All Over The World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wh3i3vWgPyk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

186.  Earth & Fire - Weekend  (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iK5e76auJA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

187.  Earth, Wind & Fire - Fall In Love With Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfLwdu8Arps&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

188.  Earth, Wind & Fire - Let's Groove (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lrle0x_DHBM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

189.  Earth, Wind & Fire - Magnetic (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvBe5Wfsek0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

190.  Earth, Wind & Fire - System of Survival (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4C9FSz5XDI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

191.  Eddie Money - Take Me Home TonightBe My Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aJvIFK9-xk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

192.  Eddy Grant - Gimme Hope Jo'Anna (With Lyrics)  (1988) (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFcmNu4KdGI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

193.  Eddy Grant - I don't wanna dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9de6jeOevi8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

194.  Eddy Grant-Electric Avenue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuwxZSIS__4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

195.  EDELWEISS - BRING ME EDELWEISS (TOURIST VERSION) (?1988  ©2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONcuMprRZP4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

196.  Eighth Wonder - I'm Not Scared (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-PYqUHfTMA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

197.  El DeBarge - Who's Johnny (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yA9WhYnsD_4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

198.  Electric Light Orchestra - Calling America (Official Video) (1888999).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xn_XsOUC9s0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

199.  Electric Light Orchestra - Calling America (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xn_XsOUC9s0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

200.  Electric Light Orchestra - Hold On Tight (Official Video) (1190173).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkekqVPIc2M&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

201.  Electric Light Orchestra - Hold On Tight (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkekqVPIc2M&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

202.  Electric Light Orchestra - Rock n' Roll Is King (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21VeAmPOBzI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

203.  Electric Light Orchestra - So Serious (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KvC-m6K9wY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

204.  Electric Passion Axel F.  EDM  Dance  Electro House [Original Mix].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8iaBa4b_UU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

205.  Elton John - Blue Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CiyKeSnSxk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

206.  Elton John - I Guess That's Why They Call It The Blues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6KYAVn8ons&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

207.  Elton John - I'm Still Standing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHwVBirqD2s&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

208.  Elton John - Sad Songs (Say So Much).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X23v5_K7cXk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

209.  Elton John- Little Jeannie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wlz6mTyiMZc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

210.  EMERSON LAKE & PALMER  PETER GUNN (1977).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2SdGedCs88&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

211.  Enola Gay - Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PeO-_IIseM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

212.  Erasure - A Little Respect (Official HD Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x34icYC8zA0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

213.  Erasure - Oh L'Amour (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFduy8qQIOg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

214.  Erasure - Sometimes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvU6T2t_n-Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

215.  Eric Carmen - Hungry Eyes (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ssCL292DQA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

216.  Erykah Badu - Master Teacher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJZq9rMzO2c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

217.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Here Comes The Rain Again (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzFnYcIqj6I&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

218.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Missionary Man (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-Q3cp3cp88&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

219.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

220.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Thorn In My Side (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AmkmqYEarw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

221.  Exposé - When I Looked At Him.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0vr9TOR1-s&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

222.  F.R. David - Words don't come easy - High Quality Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTsSk0r_Tq8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

223.  Fairground Attraction - Perfect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txapREGWHp0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

224.  Falco - Jeanny (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Urw-iutHw5E&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

225.  falling - julee cruise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2WlryiZ3dA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

226.  Fame and Glory - London Theatre Orchestra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AH2fkLiZPk8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

227.  Fame Starmaker (Mr Crandall's Goodbye).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwEvOQ4HXB4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

228.  Fancy - Fools Cry (Hitparade) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbgK3mPN004&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

229.  Fancy - Slice Me Nice´98(Rap Radio Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MH1pGwSank&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

230.  Fat Boys The Twist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNT-sc1ymEM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

231.  Feargal Sharkey - A Good Heart (Full Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx9qUR9P2ZQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

232.  Fiction Factory - (Feels Like) Heaven (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQBoeBgb0uk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

233.  Fine Young Cannibals - She Drives Me Crazy (1989).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sw54Pdh_m8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

234.  Fine Young Cannibals -Suspicious Minds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2aha4uEpEQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

235.  Five Star - All Fall Down (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tI58lEFaODE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

236.  Flash & the pan - Midnight man ( Extended mix ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3krkLhC8NrU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

237.  Flash And The Pan - Waiting For A Train ( 7 Extended ) Vinyl HQ..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vxcNH5NUjE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

238.  Fleet wood Mac - Big Love.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QF6xU70O73c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

239.  Footloose - Kenny Loggins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFWDGTVYqE8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

240.  Forever Man by Eric Clapton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOI_g9uKwYg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

241.  Four Tops    Don t Walk Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngxHYJ1ba54&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

242.  Fox The Fox-Precious Little Diamond.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMee76YLRQo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

243.  Frank Sinatra-New York,New York-Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-ZUXQuFcnw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

244.  Franke & The Knockouts - Sweetheart (1981).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0NEzcVw2CY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

245.  Frankie Goes To Hollywood - Rage Hard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9AXDPCWics&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

246.  Frankie Goes To Hollywood - The Power Of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyoTvgPn0rU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

247.  Frankie Goes To Hollywood - Two Tribes (Video Destructo Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2QAMqTgPKI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

248.  Freddie Mercury - The Great Pretender (Official Video Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLRjFWDGs1g&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

249.  Frida - I Know There's Something Going On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p98PjtSfNWo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

250.  Full Force - Alice, I Want You Just for Me!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_kqJqZMArk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

251.  Funkytown- Lipps Inc (original).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s36eQwgPNSE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

252.  G'Race - Manhattan 1983.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-UE3J6Ja3U&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

253.  Garland Jeffreys - Matador.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ED4JlcjT-C4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

254.  Gary Numan - Cars. Released 21st August 1979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ldyx3KHOFXw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

255.  Gene Loves Jezebel -Twenty killer hurts ( killer 12 ) (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1M4RMhlVG4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

256.  General Public - Tenderness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XegL32Btzs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

257.  George Harrison - Got My Mind Set On You Extended Version Vinyl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgrFPatFHfk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

258.  George Michael - A Different Corner (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPWHkK-_a_A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

259.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

260.  George Michael - Faith (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Cs3Pvmmv0E&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

261.  George Michael - Father Figure (Remastered) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udtByWgt1Mk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

262.  George Michael - Freedom! ’90 (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diYAc7gB-0A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

263.  George Michael - I Want Your Sex Part II.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GoSAWpF9Nw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

264.  George Michael - One More Try (Remastered) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r5Dhqaay4E&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

265.  George Michael - Too Funky (Extended Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwcCtnIzT6o&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

266.  George Michael, Aretha Franklin - I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDxzQJaA228&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

267.  George Micheal- Faith with Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPUNsN-0Lz4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

268.  Gianna Nannini - I Maschi (1987).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9WwhwU6NIc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

269.  Gibson Brothers - Que Sera Mi Vida (If You Should Go) (1980) (High Quality) (HQ) (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOqSaNWtlA8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

270.  Gimme Gimme Gimme - Narada Michael Walden & Patti Austin '1985.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUzQv71iVeU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

271.  give me back my love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEAZ70VJ3PU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

272.  GLENN MEDEIROS - Nothing's Gonna Change My Love For You (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJBBzprSq7I&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

273.  Gloria Estefan & Miami Sound Machine - Anything for You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4uLl8aA95zA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

274.  Gloria Estefan - Can't Stay Away From You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYweHGwASKU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

275.  Gloria Estefan - Don't Wanna Lose You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1x1WGtePSE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

276.  Golden Brown - The Stranglers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWAsI3U2EaE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

277.  Good Thing - Fine Young Cannibals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrOek4z32Vg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

278.  Grace Jones - I've Seen That Face Before (Libertango) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIN3IE3DHqc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

279.  Grace Jones - Pull Up To The Bumper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tc1IphRx1pk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

280.  Grace Jones - Slave to the rhythm ''Hot Blooded Version'' (1985).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YMJgyhvj0E&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

281.  Greg Kihn Band   Jeopardy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAJNwPWVmNc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

282.  Gregory Abbott - Shake You Down (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uc8wmLul3uw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

283.  Guru Josh Project - Infinity (Klass Vocal Mix) (Ultra Music).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzy2dgEUOhY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

284.  HAVE I TOLD YOU LATELY THAT I LOVE YOU -- VAN MORRISON (in HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFF1wJN75Z0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

285.  Heart - All I Wanna Do Is Make Love To You Lyrics (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBfP63T0a60&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

286.  Heart Who Will You Run To.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjsjyFsxo5k&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

287.  Herbie Hancock - Rockit (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHhD4PD75zY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

288.  Herman Brood - Sleepin' Bird  [HQ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5kqE1JeqRw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

289.  High Energy - Evelyn Thomas 1984 (club mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHNI-1bYpm4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

290.  Hit the Road, Jack (From the UniversalImagine Film, The Dream Team).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6m4SOp41tE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

291.  HITHOUSE - Jack To The Sound of The Underground.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xO_NHg0PnJQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

292.  Holly Johnson - Americanos (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Svki4Rp9tlU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

293.  Hot Chocolate - Girl Crazy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAEsmzbw9hY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

294.  Hot Chocolate - It Started With A Kiss (OFFICIAL VIDEO - HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NosS1rpJ7tU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

295.  Howard Jones - Things Can Only Get Better.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-OO9LloDSJo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

296.  Huey Lewis And The News - Hip To Be Square (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LB5YkmjalDg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

297.  Huey Lewis And The News - If This Is It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaTQAaJWW54&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

298.  Huey Lewis And The News - Stuck With You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J08ZwySCoJ8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

299.  human nature - michael jackson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKAh--ss1r0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

300.  I Can Prove It ( Remix) - Phil Fearon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFwm2PRlG-4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

301.  I've Never Been To Me (Lyrics) - CHARLENE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CM-okx_yE2Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

302.  ICEHOUSE-CRAZY(Manic Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcWnRepxZhY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

303.  If You All Get To Heaven Terence Trent D'Arby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYpcRlVGJoc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

304.  Iggy Pop - Real Wild Child (Wild One).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFISxt-5pKY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

305.  Imagination - Body talk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZfkVJp8H8k&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

306.  IMAGINATION feat. LEEE JOHN - JUST AN ILLUSION - GRAND REX de Paris le 06 juin 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2F5qOW8NNtk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

307.  Indeep - Last Night A DJ Saved My Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtfZbj4J71A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

308.  Information Society - What's On Your Mind (Pure Energy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijAYN9zVnwg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

309.  Ini Kamoze - Here Comes The Hotstepper (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0N4twV28Mw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

310.  Inner Circle-Bad Boys (Official Video Clip) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVBB2upbVys&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

311.  INXS - Devil Inside.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hv_zJrO_ptk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

312.  INXS - Mystify.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26ELh7P2ZtA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

313.  Irene Cara  - Flashdance What A Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILWSp0m9G2U&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

314.  It's A Love Thing - The Whispers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AmGcGfMARE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

315.  J. Geils Band - Centerfold (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqDjMZKf-wg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

316.  J. Geils Band - Freeze Frame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHo43B6nu60&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

317.  J. Geils Band - Love Stinks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0LAs7X5ybE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

318.  Jackie Wilson - Reet petite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CTs8a7dVa0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

319.  Jaki Graham - Set me free.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7knjN1h2IDY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

320.  Jalen McMillan - Moments In Love [Short Film HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1bfKpCeJlg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

321.  James Brown - Living in America.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5BL4RNFr58&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

322.  Janet Jackson & Herb Alpert - Diamonds 1987 ( Original Version ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIOubNRSp2c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

323.  Janet Jackson - What Have You Done For Me Lately (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9uizdKZAGE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

324.  Janet Jackson - When I Think Of You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaleKN9GQ54&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

325.  Janis Ian - Fly Too High (1979).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qupjXyE4Isc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

326.  Jason Donovan - Too many broken hearts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CR3pQpqeqSc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

327.  Jennifer Rush-Destiny (1985).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyBWrwbxvXI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

328.  Jermaine Jackson - Do What You Do (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd6kKhdd0Fw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

329.  Jermaine Stewart - We Don't Have To Take Our Clothes Off (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWZisnZ-RGE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

330.  Jimmy Cliff  - Sunshine In The Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAGOXsRvDVQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

331.  Jimmy Cliff - Reggae Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hozj4wzFpqI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

332.  Jimmy Ruffin - What Becomes of the Brokenhearted (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQywZYoGB1g&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

333.  Jive Bunny - The Album - 05 - That's What I Like.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qffb1vV2dgA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

334.  Jive Bunny And The MasterMixers - Swing The Mood (12 Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygIcyOSITgo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

335.  Jody Watley - Looking For A New Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQL-B3PNkeI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

336.  Joe Cocker - up where we belong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5h02ZmeB5c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

337.  Joe Cocker - You Can Leave Your Hat On (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOotsq4soug&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

338.  JOE JACKSON ? Is She Really Going Out with Him ?HD?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TzKSFbsh2Y&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

339.  John Hiatt - Have a Little Faith in Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aYxMuLb3h8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

340.  John Mellencamp - Hurts So Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dOsbsuhYGQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

341.  John Mellencamp - Jack & Diane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h04CH9YZcpI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

342.  John Mellencamp - Small Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CVLVaBECuc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

343.  John Miles - Music - 1976.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAsvjVx-Mg4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

344.  Johnny Hates Jazz - Shattered Dreams (UK Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cX-8MHKuQ5I&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

345.  Johnny Hates Jazz - Turn Back The Clock (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51NAFhGDIYw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

346.  Johnny Kemp - Just Got Paid (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jl1mQASHc48&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

347.  joyce sims - come into my life (radio version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5TXmoxd2Ts&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

348.  Juice Newton - Angel Of The Morning (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTzGMEfbnAw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

349.  Juice Newton - Queen Of Hearts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0DK-0fIKCw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

350.  June Lodge & Prince Mohammed - Someone loves you honey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCHajq5x54I&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

351.  Kaoma - Lambada (Official Video) 1989 HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyLdoQGBchQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

352.  Kate Bush - Army Dreamers - Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOZDKlpybZE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

353.  Kate Bush - Babooshka - Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xckBwPdo1c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

354.  Kate Bush Running Up That Hill A Deal with God.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxqZYe90--c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

355.  Kate Bush Wuthering Heights..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BW3gKKiTvjs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

356.  Katrina & The Waves - Walking On Sunshine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPUmE-tne5U&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

357.  KC & The Sunshine Band - Please don't go (hi quality sound).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-l5FyA3pgo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

358.  Kenny Loggins - Danger Zone (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siwpn14IE7E&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

359.  KENNY ROGERS &  DOLLY PARTON -  ISLANDS IN THE STREAM - HQ Audio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQW7I62TNOw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

360.  Kim Appleby - Don't Worry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjMtwsqZFE0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

361.  Kim Carnes - Bette Davis Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPOIS5taqA8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

362.  Kim Wilde - Cambodia (1981) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y3TKv7Chk4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

363.  Kim Wilde - Chequered Love (1981) HQ 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNjFm7CoE84&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

364.  Kim Wilde - Kids in America (1981).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_GH6M7cUq4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

365.  Kim Wilde - View From A Bridge (1982) [1080p].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZglGPtBAG20&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

366.  King - Love & Pride (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlXtrnh-Ejo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

367.  KLF - 3 a m eternal (Complete) - Video original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvwsKHRStyc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

368.  Kokomo - sexy - aruba - jamaica- bermuda - bahamas Beach Boys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lR5iuTWM6g8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

369.  Kon Kan - I Beg Your Pardon (I Never Promised You a Rose Garden) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YO_24AIguU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

370.  Kool & The Gang - Celebration (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GwjfUFyY6M&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

371.  Kool & The Gang - Cherish (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s09LuDYX12g&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

372.  Kool & The Gang - Ladies Night (Long Version) (Slayd5000).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nCItHsuwss&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

373.  Krush - House Arrest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61rFY4VPADE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

374.  Kylie Minogue & Jason Donovan - Especially For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGuNsiSZ9RI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

375.  Kylie Minogue - I Should Be So Lucky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMCXx5k01Tg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

376.  Kylie Minogue - Step Back In Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsMzM49OIII&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

377.  Kylie Minogue - The Loco-motion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZAhzVvgY-c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

378.  Kylie Minogue The Loco-motion [7' Mix].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zjR7vd40rs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

379.  LEAN ON ME   Club Nouveau.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhwiYThNZDM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

380.  Let's Dance (1999 Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vdIvLO6oJU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

381.  Level 42   Children Say.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zj9Wd1BaVrU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

382.  Level 42 - It's Over • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZ395msJ50o&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

383.  LEVEL 42 RUNNING IN THE FAMILY EXTENDED VERSION AUDIO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vmG2IJNMiU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

384.  LEVEL 42 TO BE WITH YOU AGAIN EXTENDED VERSION AUDIO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdbqahK6GYQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

385.  LEVEL 42- HEAVEN IN MY HANDS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auzCvSxLEeM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

386.  Limahl - Never Ending Story - 1984.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gf1WT8VEZxk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

387.  Lionel Richie - All Night Long (All Night).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqAvFx3NxUM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

388.  Lionel Richie - Sela.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3HArsFOKJs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

389.  Lisa Lisa & Cult Jam – “Head To Toe” (Columbia) 1987.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck2egUnhbt4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

390.  Lisa Stansfield - All Around the World (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVuuatjHGnY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

391.  Lita Ford - Kiss Me Deadly (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIt3OGra3Lo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

392.  Little Jackie Wants To Be A Star (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciqg9ZHwzjo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

393.  Live is Life - Opus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGikhmjTSZI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

394.  living in a box - blow the house down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9WgB22QwO0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

395.  Living in a Box - Living in a Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svVaEWQaoSo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

396.  LL Cool J - I Need Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEUX-HYRtUA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

397.  Lois Lane - It's the first time (1989).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sb14Ko7gRWM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

398.  Look - I am the beat 1981.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zh9e9yujqkg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

399.  Looking For Freedom - David Hasselhoff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ot_katYYiU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

400.  Los Lobos - La Bamba 45 RPM vinyl (Canadian Import).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2B4tqrY7rk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

401.  Louis Armstrong - What A Wonderful World (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3yCcXgbKrE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

402.  LOVE UNLIMITED - I'M SO GLAD THAT I'M A WOMAN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDvtkKZZ6OI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

403.  LoveHate - She's An Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTsw-ZdGMTk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

404.  Loverboy - Hot Girls In Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KW22JDVEejk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

405.  Luther Vandross - Endless Love ft. Mariah Carey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nu9RVPTpDyA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

406.  M - Pop Muzik (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPoiv0sZ4s4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

407.  Madness - It Must Be Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmezIIrFQmY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

408.  Madness - Night Boat to Cairo (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLLL1KxpYMA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

409.  Madonna - Cherish (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSyB7I6Lzm4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

410.  Madonna - Live To Tell (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzAO9A9GjgI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

411.  Madonna - Open Your Heart (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snsTmi9N9Gs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

412.  Madonna - Papa Don't Preach (Official Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G333Is7VPOg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

413.  Mai Tai - Female Intuition HQ Rare Video!!!!!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJ_uT2fQNQ4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

414.  Malcolm McLaren & The Bootzilla Orchestra - Waltz Darling (1989) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rb5u3hq0OvQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

415.  Marc Almond & Gene Pitney - Something`s Gotten Hold Of My Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZTX0RBlqnM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

416.  Marc Almond - Tears Run Rings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAGyH_EYXeQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

417.  Margaret Singana - Hamba Bekhile (We Are Growing) Live at Concert In The Park).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CHCUr-yvHA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

418.  Marianne Faithfull -- The Ballad Of Lucy Jordan HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0NxhFn0szc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

419.  Marilyn Martin-Move Closer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krab4XX7uPs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

420.  MARRS - Pump Up The Volume (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9gOQgfPW4Y&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

421.  Marsha Raven - Catch Me I'm Falling In Love (1983).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-01vASYXJh0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

422.  Martika - I Feel The Earth Move.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oo2K9vkfUoE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

423.  Martika - Toy Soldiers (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvdLovAaYzM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

424.  Matt Bianco - Get Out Of Your Lazy Bed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAc4q1YqdOU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

425.  Maxi Priest - Wild World (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4ZWD_0VRK8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

426.  Maywood - Late At Night 1980 (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTqD68m2mt4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

427.  Meat Loaf - Dead Ringer for Love (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSTIsZULYmY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

428.  Mel & Kim - Respectable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykDsmAqExH8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

429.  Mel & Kim - Showing Out ( Get Fresh At The Weekend ) ( The Morgage Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUQgARZauR4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

430.  Mel & Kim - That's The Way It Is (Original 12'' Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1z0lOMzJzLc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

431.  Melba Moore -  Love's Comin' At Ya ! 1982.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-eCNM-TmhY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

432.  Melba Moore - Mind Up Tonight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PMlisJ9hPM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

433.  Men At Work - Down Under (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfR9iY5y94s&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

434.  Men At Work - Overkill (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RY7S6EgSlCI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

435.  Men At Work - Who Can It Be Now (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SECVGN4Bsgg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

436.  Men Without Hats - Safety Dance (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjPau5QYtYs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

437.  Mental As Anything - Live It Up (Ext. Vers.).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ce41o6VBKog&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

438.  Miami Sound Machine - Dr  Beat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEWn0orWkMs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

439.  Michael Bolton - How Am I Supposed To Live Without You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFood_bTOX4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

440.  Michael Jackson - Bad (Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUXAEzaC3Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

441.  Michael Jackson - Beat It - Single Version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9KOKLEoYug&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

442.  Michael Jackson - Billie Jean  (single version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nBZJwq-bvU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

443.  Michael Jackson - I Just Can't Stop Loving You [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHZ1Bii7Uwk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

444.  Michael Jackson - Rock With You (single version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNSp5pOWr30&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

445.  Michael Jackson - The Girl Is Mine ft. Paul McCartney.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHp0s2wKajw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

446.  Michael Jackson - The Way You Make Me Feel (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzZ_urpj4As&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

447.  Michael Jackson - Thriller (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOnqjkJTMaA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

448.  Michael Jackson - Thriller - Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Uj3zitETs4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

449.  MICHAEL JACKSON-DIRTY DIANA LYRICS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSD7FX7DyzQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

450.  Michael Sembello - Maniac.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvYQ1TNbf2g&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

451.  Midnight Oil, Beds are Burning(hq sound).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1O9LyaJfQI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

452.  Milli Vanilli - Baby Don't Forget My Number (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhyzGDPwmYU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

453.  Milli Vanilli - Blame It On the Rain (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BI5IA8assfk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

454.  Milli Vanilli - Girl I'm Gonna Miss You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbUENJ5FjBk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

455.  Milli Vanilli - Girl You Know It's True.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdSmokR0Enk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

456.  Modern Talking - Atlantis Is Calling (S.O.S. For Love) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CB57CuT4smM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

457.  Modern Talking - Brother Louie (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp2qcCrdBLA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

458.  Modern Talking - You're My Heart, You're My Soul (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kHl4FoK1Ys&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

459.  More Than I Can Say - LEO SAYER - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JT6vy_34pFk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

460.  Mory kante - Yeke Yeke (Official video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVmS0SSSdWM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

461.  Mr. Mister - Broken Wings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKhN1t_7PEY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

462.  Mr. Mister - Kyrie (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NDjt4FzFWY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

463.  Murray Head - One Night In Bangkok From CHESS (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgc_LRjlbTU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

464.  Musical Youth   Pass the Dutchie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFtLONl4cNc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

465.  Münchener Freiheit ? Play it cool ? Angel Elvis 2011..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bjWEwlVaQY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

466.  Naked Eyes Theres Always Something There to Remind Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2nUtpv0IAQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

467.  Neneh Cherry - Manchild.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJ9VBMBS3qE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

468.  New Kids On The Block - Hangin' Tough (from Hangin' Tough Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZBc0ncWEZk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

469.  New Kids On The Block - Step by Step - Official video - Subtitulado Español.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nITMhO3ZPZM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

470.  New Order - Blue Monday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYH8DsU2WCk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

471.  Nick Kamen - Each Time You Break My Heart - 1986.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gix6cPfF3S4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

472.  Nick Kamen - I Promised Myself Full HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2z6ssQe_bpU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

473.  Nik Kershaw - I Won´t Let The Sun Go Down On Me (original).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqqXMXpyAkE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

474.  nina simone - my baby just cares for me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYSbUOoq4Vg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

475.  Nu Shooz - I Can't Wait (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJ1tBVtYOBc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

476.  Odissey  - Going back to my Roots (High Quality!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qW9-s3ITbU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

477.  Odyssey - Use It Up And Wear It Out (1980 HQ Sound).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTMbFvkSpSs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

478.  Oh no no -Bernie Paul..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81A5l3PuuXw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

479.  Olivia Newton-John - Physical (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWz9VN40nCA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

480.  On The Radio Lyrics By Donna Summer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goihYs-0rLE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

481.  Oran Juice Jones - The Rain (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dZW1C3neao&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

482.  Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark - (Forever) Live And Die.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moFiaQPCl04&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

483.  Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark - Maid Of Orleans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmwMhjbThKg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

484.  Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark - So In Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mD8TApX3btM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

485.  Ottawan - Hands Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NR2qjvsqNSk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

486.  Owen Paul - My Favourite Waste Of Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4u2pSQulDE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

487.  Pat Benatar - All Fired Up (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsnYrH3BUP8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

488.  Patrick Swayze - She's like the wind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Gbz-Lau5tc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

489.  Patti LaBelle - On My Own (Official Music Video) ft. Michael McDonald.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsH63qJlIMM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

490.  Paul Carrack When You Walk In The Room.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgnjwUMPCgA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

491.  Paul Hardcastle - 19 (Nineteen) (1356789).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcFFEjq5Ap8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

492.  Paul Hardcastle - 19 (Nineteen).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcFFEjq5Ap8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

493.  Paul Young - Come Back and Stay (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeeJhEpeUfc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

494.  Paul Young - Everytime You Go Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfk6sCzRTbM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

495.  Paul Young - Love of the Common People (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVmjKHkgxis&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

496.  Paula Abdul - (It's Just) The Way That You Love Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5llY1gc9xPc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

497.  Paula Abdul - Cold Hearted (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7aShcmEksw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

498.  Paula Abdul - Forever Your Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pyxKqdtrH8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

499.  Paula Abdul - Straight Up (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=El1kgCqD7Xk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

500.  Pet Shop Boys - Domino Dancing (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik2YF05iX2w&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

501.  Pet Shop Boys - It's A Sin (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRHetRTOD1Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

502.  Pet Shop Boys - Suburbia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VCqAjYO3NM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

503.  Pet Shop Boys - What Have I Done To Deserve This (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wn9E5i7l-Eg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

504.  PETE WYLIE LIVE in LIVERPOOL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppgUnYhdwQY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

505.  Peter Gabriel - Sledgehammer (HD version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJWJE0x7T4Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

506.  Phil Collins - Against All Odds (Take A Look At Me Now) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuvtoyVi7vY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

507.  Phil Collins - Another Day In Paradise (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qt2mbGP6vFI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

508.  Phil Collins - One More Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKVq-P3z5Vg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

509.  Phil Collins - Take Me Home (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRY1NG1P_kw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

510.  Phil Collins - Two Hearts (Official Music Video) (1383872).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SidxJz94Svs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

511.  Phil Collins - Two Hearts (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SidxJz94Svs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

512.  Phil Collins -Sussudio-.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9xNhcvZ6UI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

513.  Philip Bailey - Walking On The Chinese Wall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFP-htHmNBk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

514.  Philip Bailey, Phil Collins - Easy Lover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkRKT6T0QLg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

515.  Piet Veerman - Sailin' Home (Wir sind jung).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkxbH4yEAeg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

516.  Pink Floyd - Learning To Fly (Official Music Video HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVhNCTH8pDs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

517.  PRIMARY - Boys Don't Cry (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CzMVxHgLKg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

518.  Princess - Say I'm Your Number One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlLKNxDbsi8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

519.  Proclaimers Live Acoustic Virgin Radio - Letter from America  Long Haul  I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3KxeUVH6ag&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

520.  Propaganda - Duel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnQ2zOmb6Hg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

521.  Propaganda - p Machinery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=660ZCEhvbnw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

522.  Push It Salt N Pepa (radio version) Dance Fitness Routine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNSmPpEoQg0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

523.  Quarterflash - Harden My Heart (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqeKV2UYq1Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

524.  Queen - Radio Ga Ga - (Remastered 2011).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKJSJngH__c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

525.  R.E.M. - It's The End Of The World (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0GFRcFm-aY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

526.  Rah Band - Clouds Across the Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4R97AeM6IE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

527.  Randy Crawford One Day I'll Fly Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tH2rgPqi8Ag&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

528.  Ray , Goodman & Brown - Special Lady.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBG4kGRH_64&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

529.  Ray Parker Jr. - Ghostbusters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fe93CLbHjxQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

530.  Re Flex - The Politics Of Dancing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRrSwLHyxGc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

531.  Ready For The World - Oh Sheila (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbL2lMn34Oo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

532.  RED BOX - For America (Official Promotional Video - 1986) (1355784).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcOA213iIDs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

533.  RED BOX - For America (Official Promotional Video - 1986).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcOA213iIDs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

534.  Red Rider - Lunatic Fringe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqUa_G1h3pw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

535.  Renée - High Time He Went (1982).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbAx2KZnZbA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

536.  Revelation Time - South Africa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDDHiJqsQas&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

537.  Reynolds Girls-I'd Rather Jack.(1988)  Original Video..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KigNbUxx6X8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

538.  Richard Marx - Hold On To The Nights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBmNTLxclXE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

539.  Richard Marx - Right Here Waiting (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_E2EHVxNAE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

540.  Rick Astley - Cry for Help (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2xel6q0yao&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

541.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

542.  Rick Astley - Together Forever (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPYZpwSpKmA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

543.  RICK ASTLEY- WHENEVER YOU NEED SOMEBODY INSTRUMENTAL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=od9CP3rAQiw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

544.  Rick James - Super Freak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYHxGBH6o4M&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

545.  Rick Springfield - Don't Talk To Strangers (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cp42V938eBA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

546.  Rick Springfield - Jessie's Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYkbTyHXwbs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

547.  Righeira Vamos a la playa 1983.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTsVJ1PsnMs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

548.  Rita Marley - One Draw.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOT322nAt2A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

549.  Roachford - Cuddly Toy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbscx0S3jcY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

550.  Robbie Dupree Steal away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bi_WayqBVYg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

551.  Robbie Nevil - C'est La Vie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGtf9QfITQw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

552.  ROBBIE NEVIL Wots It to Ya 1986.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klMoFNmxNmY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

553.  Robbie Robertson - Somewhere Down The Crazy River (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KP9PNSUME4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

554.  Robert Cray - Don't Be Afraid Of The Dark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra2Qndv_xeE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

555.  Robert Cray - Right Next Door (Because Of Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jP2EvSNHqh0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

556.  Robert Palmer - Addicted To Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcATvu5f9vE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

557.  Robert Palmer- Simply Irresistible (With Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZSgwQoTeiQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

558.  Robin Beck - The Very First Time (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXk-PPmH5ak&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

559.  Rockwell - Somebody's Watching Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YvAYIJSSZY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

560.  Rocky Burnette     Tired of toein' the line ( Official Music Video ) HD HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IK9ijYgqKx0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

561.  Roger Daltrey - Without Your Love [w lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukqxLpNNdVM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

562.  Rose Royce - Best Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gROzyo1jAC4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

563.  Roxette - The Look.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlVI7ZNiFlI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

564.  Roxy Music - Jealous Guy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRzGzRqNj58&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

565.  Roxy Music - More Than This.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOnde5c7OG8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

566.  RUN DMC - It's Tricky (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-O5IHVhWj0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

567.  RUN DMC - Walk This Way (Official HD Video) ft. Aerosmith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4B_UYYPb-Gk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

568.  Sabrina Salerno - Boys, Boys, Boys (Summertime Love), Original Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYpYi9bLloE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

569.  Sade - Love Is Stronger Than Pride (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZARYxRmNWg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

570.  Sade - Smooth Operator - Official - 1984.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TYv2PhG89A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

571.  Sade - The Sweetest Taboo - Official - 1985.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcPc18SG6uA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

572.  Sailing On The Seven Seas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMST3H69-Os&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

573.  Samantha Fox - I Only Wanna Be With You (Version 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYFXLL09_9w&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

574.  Samantha Fox - Nothing Gonna Stop Me Now • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAXL8_zFX8M&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

575.  Samantha Fox - Touch Me (I Want Your Body).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1btg3mpEOc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

576.  Sananda Maitreya - Sign Your Name.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dluHzQhLcME&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

577.  Sananda Maitreya - Wishing Well (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynIHsHYaig0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

578.  Sandra - Everlasting Love - HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8ShhdE9vGM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

579.  Sandra - Maria Magdalena 1985 (HD version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1DIV8V_zwQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

580.  Say a little prayer - Bomb the bass (DMC remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVbw7xhDAHc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

581.  Screen Printing T-Shirts Assembling The 4 Color, 1 Station Bench Top Press.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4JSIknHJLw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

582.  Scritti Politti - Wood Beez (Pray Like Aretha Franklin).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMdf1onDkxA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

583.  seasons change extended.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2KOGazWWY8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

584.  Self Control   Laura Branigan with lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vI5uRYAVYSQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

585.  Shakin' Stevens - Merry Christmas Everyone (Official Video) [Directors Cut].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeyHl1tQeaQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

586.  SHEENA EASTON - 9 To 5 (Morning Train).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8hbnFqe8aw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

587.  Sheena Easton - The Lover In Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3mSb6IGCZw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

588.  Sheila E - A Love Bizarre (1986) ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56gpwl6cohc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

589.  simon harris   BASS how low can you go    bomb the house mix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsQK-PMM81s&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

590.  Simple Minds - 03 - Waterfront [The Best Of Simple Minds.2002].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tE51zPBHa1M&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

591.  Simple Minds - All The Things She Said.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tytPcvyJASc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

592.  Simple Minds - Belfast Child (1339466).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vhhTvcLoRw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

593.  Simple Minds - Belfast Child (1544766).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vhhTvcLoRw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

594.  Simple Minds - Belfast Child (1874046).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vhhTvcLoRw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

595.  Simple Minds - Belfast Child.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vhhTvcLoRw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

596.  Simple Minds - Chelsea Girl (1691024).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nj7h70RdI_c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

597.  Simple Minds - Chelsea Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nj7h70RdI_c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

598.  Simple Minds - Don't You (Forget About Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdqoNKCCt7A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

599.  Simple Minds - Live - Waterfront - 3Arena - Dublin - November 29th 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHkV-r7rOK4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

600.  Simple Minds - Love Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_H7QykJ53g&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

601.  Simple Minds - Promised You A Miracle - Top Of The Pops - Thursday 15th April 1982.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcxf3jL6UE0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

602.  Simple Minds - This Fear Of Gods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77oo4eFiMLM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

603.  Simple Minds -- Sanctify Yourself (1985).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAZlws4jB6w&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

604.  Simple Minds Hunter and the Hunted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbwbXJvTwq4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

605.  Simply Red - Holding Back The Years (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG07WSu7Q9w&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

606.  Simply Red - If You Don't Know Me By Now (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTcu7MCtuTs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

607.  Sister Sledge  -  All American Girls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfegLbIz6xk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

608.  Sister Sledge - Frankie ( EXCLUSIVE OFFICIAL VIDEO ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Tl-c_puzbM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

609.  Sister Sledge - Lost In Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43qB9FpfCR8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

610.  Slade - My Oh My.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlwA5GLBmJM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

611.  Smokey Robinson - Being With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0P2a6aLDkkM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

612.  SNAP! - Rhythm Is A Dancer (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYIaWeVL1JM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

613.  SNAP! - The Power (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nm6DO_7px1I&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

614.  Sniff 'n' The Tears - Driver's Seat (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SCzVEUlqqA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

615.  Soft Cell - Tainted Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZVpR3Pk-r8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

616.  Sophia George - Girlie Girlie [Best Quality].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLyE0N_wi08&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

617.  Soul II Soul - Keep On Movin' (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iQl46-zIcM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

618.  Spagna -  Call me 1985.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRDqtdSpmLQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

619.  Spagna - Every Girl And Boy (1988).VOB.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weR4Qg0sPaU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

620.  Spandau Ballet - Fight for Ourselves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpfKJvrWIeM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

621.  Spandau Ballet - Only When You Leave (HD Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlLCC_gF8QY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

622.  Spandau Ballet - Through the Barricades (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yn7HXmzxqV8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

623.  Spargo - One Night Affair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cesw-XT8Tck&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

624.  Spargo - You And Me (1980).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWX7_adYfkA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

625.  Split Enz - Message To My Girl (1984).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUC_jE78FNE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

626.  Stars On 45 - Stars On 45 (The Original Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7skQvj-aBV8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

627.  Starship - Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wxyN3z9PL4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

628.  Starship - Sara (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32ScTb6_KHg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

629.  Starship - We Built This City (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1b8AhIsSYQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

630.  Stephanie Mills-Never Knew Love Like This Before.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LExCRKCS5SM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

631.  Steve Angello & Laidback Luke ft Robin S -  Show Me Love ( Radio Edit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye8xyGI60Bk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

632.  Steve Arrington - Feel So Real (1985).wmv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=128qqShzEvE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

633.  Steve miller Band - Abracadabra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QyoRzZrF00&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

634.  Stevie B - Because I Love You (The Postman Song) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xc1uQI2XmZs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

635.  Stevie Wonder I Just Called To Say I Love You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bGOgY1CmiU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

636.  Stevie Wonder Master Blaster (Jammin).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4n27JuJhXc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

637.  Sting - Fragile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB6a-iD6ZOY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

638.  Stray Cats - (She's) Sexy & 17.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZynIhCs27Xs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

639.  Stray Cats Rock This Town Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46935NAqjhQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

640.  Supertramp - Cannonball.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvfoyXfcwVU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

641.  Supertramp - It's Raining Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZUE4_PtOk0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

642.  Survivor - Eye Of The Tiger (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btPJPFnesV4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

643.  Sydney Youngblood - If Only I Could.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1heFHnGB8zw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

644.  Take That - Relight My Fire (Alternate Version) ft. Lulu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbDAL_J7eCE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

645.  Talk Talk - Life's What You Make It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOgzJ8A2QLw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

646.  Talk Talk ?- Such A Shame (1983).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtHDkbgF6AU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

647.  Tavares heaven must be missing an angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VAtRF4US8k&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

648.  Taylor Dayne - I'll Be Your Shelter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiAbgDGEpV4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

649.  Taylor Dayne - Prove Your Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95Xtpbe9kho&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

650.  Taylor Dayne - Tell It to My Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud6sU3AclT4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

651.  TC Matic Oh La La La c'est magnifique.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZewP3cnDSw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

652.  Tears For Fears - Everybody Wants To Rule The World (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGCdLKXNF3w&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

653.  Tears For Fears - Shout (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye7FKc1JQe4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

654.  Tears For Fears - Sowing The Seeds Of Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAtGOESO7W8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

655.  Technotronic - Pump Up The Jam (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EcjWd-O4jI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

656.  Tevin Campbell - Can We Talk (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aL4Ah6qbdj8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

657.  Texas - I Don't Want A Lover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhfSeUqfoP4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

658.  The 80s Part 2 The Album - Out Now - TV Ad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCe3OKp8nfE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

659.  The Alan Parsons Project - Don't Answer Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLvFbBR4XOg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

660.  The Alan Parsons Project- Eye in the Sky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNiie_zmSr8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

661.  The B-52's - Love Shack (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SOryJvTAGs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

662.  The B-52's - Roam (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNwC0sp-uA4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

663.  The Bangles - Eternal Flame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSoOFn3wQV4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

664.  The Bangles - Manic Monday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsmVgoXDq2w&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

665.  The Bangles - Walk Like an Egyptian (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv6tuzHUuuk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

666.  The Bet - Don't Talk To The Liar (1981).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXDjHqDRxB8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

667.  The Blow Monkeys - Digging Your Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=no5XeOJHxK8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

668.  The Blow Monkeys - It Doesn't Have To Be This Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqNasjUIN6c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

669.  The Bluebells - Young At Heart (1984) (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6iqzi7N2Ds&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

670.  The Blues Brothers (1980) - Everybody Needs Somebody to Love Scene (69)  Movieclips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHV0zs0kVGg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

671.  The Brothers Johnson - Stomp!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPBDMihPRJA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

672.  The Cars - Drive (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuZA6qiJVfU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

673.  The Cars - You Might Think (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dOx510kyOs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

674.  The Communards (feat Sarah Jane Morris) - Don't Leave Me This Way (1986).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w35DiS0qESM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

675.  The Contours   Do You Love Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EoI-6lQFIE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

676.  The Escape Club - Wild Wild West (1988).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vE5ewvxdfo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

677.  The Fixx - One Thing Leads To Another (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHYIGy1dyd8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

678.  The Flying Lizards - Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-P2qL3qkzk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

679.  The Fun Boy Three With Bananarama It Ain't What You Do Its The Way That You Do It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0A-w5L7pygE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

680.  The Gap Band-I Don't Believe You Want To Get Up And Dance (Oops).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pI6tPcjNYYE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

681.  The Glamorous Life (Club Edit) - Sheila E.  80s Dance Music  80s Club Mixes  80s Club Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu4_OUxKBjs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

682.  The Go-Go's - Our Lips Are Sealed (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3kQlzOi27M&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

683.  The Hooters - All You Zombies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LE0KpcP05I&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

684.  The Hooters - Satellite (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVXjBMK3EkI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

685.  THE HOUSEMARTINS - CARAVAN OF LOVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehfiQd7lcPY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

686.  The Human League - (Keep Feeling) Fascination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqqBs6kkzHE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

687.  The Human League - Don't You Want Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPudE8nDog0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

688.  The Human League - Human.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1ysoohV_zA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

689.  the human league - the things that dreams are made of.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pc0NJ_71W9Y&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

690.  The Jacksons feat. Mick Jagger - State Of Shock [Audio HQ] HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2JTf-vUAUk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

691.  The Jacksons-Lovely One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2A7l-GwsEEs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

692.  The Jam - Town Called Malice (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfpRm-p7qlY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

693.  The Judds - Why Not Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXV1Q_AcerM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

694.  The Kinks - Lola (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LemG0cvc4oU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

695.  The Knack - Good Girls Don't - Official Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sc4l5EpCMEc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

696.  The Motels Only The Lonely 80's Explosion.wmv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmMxTvkD2tA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

697.  The Nits - J.O.S. Days..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4idmnKuTHJU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

698.  The Nits - Nescio (1983) [videoclip].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=na56GrB8KX4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

699.  The Nolans - I'm In the Mood for Dancing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbAM2_6jKY0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

700.  The Outfield - Your Love (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N1iwQxiHrs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

701.  The Pointer Sisters - Automatic (Ruud's Extended Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5n4twCEBVYU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

702.  The pointer sisters - I'm so excited.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQqwG_rQx7A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

703.  The Pointer Sisters - Jump (For My Love) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyTVyCp7xrw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

704.  The Police - Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic ('77 Demo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFZ7-fgmQqk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

705.  The Police - Roxanne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T1c7GkzRQQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

706.  The Power of Love - Huey Lewis and the News (Back to the Future).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NMph943tsw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

707.  The Pretenders - I Go To Sleep    HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIpfsMdf0LQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

708.  The Quick - The Rhythm Of The Jungle (Original Video) 1982.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNljq4sAtvg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

709.  The Rolling Stones - Harlem Shuffle - OFFICIAL PROMO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAkMTu6q2pY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

710.  The Rolling Stones - Undercover Of The Night - OFFICIAL PROMO (EXPLICIT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVJkfXeTs9Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

711.  The Romantics - Talking in Your Sleep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmGMzyajA2U&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

712.  The Romantics - What I Like About You (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rqnw5IfbZOU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

713.  The Selecter - On My Radio (1979) (With Lyrics) (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpF3LGgDoUE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

714.  The Stranglers 'Always The Sun' live@Shepards Bush.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcDWXto7gBw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

715.  The Stranglers - Skin Deep [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5UfE2BbYSQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

716.  The Style Council - Shout To The Top (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7m94ip38UKs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

717.  The Sugar Hill Gang - Rapper's Delight ( HQ, Full Version ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKTUAESacQM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

718.  The Timelords (The KLF) - Doctorin' The Tardis (12-inch mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5fDOCwa9L0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

719.  The Vapors - Turning Japanese.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWWwM2wwMww&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

720.  The Weather Girls - It's Raining Men (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5aZJBLAu1E&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

721.  Third World - Try Jah Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0JUsc69dHLY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

722.  Thompson Twins - Doctor! Doctor! (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APyl6Cnbfzw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

723.  Thompson Twins - Hold Me Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9694K85Xc8&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

724.  Thompson Twins - King For A Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9ygIvMtcdw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

725.  Tiffany - I Think We're Alone Now (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6Q3mHyzn78&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

726.  Tight Fit - The Lion Sleeps Tonight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRv4cdZxTdQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

727.  Tim Finn - Through The Years (1983).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyVGUQguaic&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

728.  Tim Hardin - How Can We Hang On To A Dream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9pNnKxewss&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

729.  Timi Yuro - Hurt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPy-Memj0vE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

730.  Tina Charles - I Love To Love (But My Baby Loves To Dance).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbLC7F2ELww&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

731.  Tom Browne - Funkin' for Jamaica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuUy2ShGLyo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

732.  Tom Petty - Free Fallin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWJXDG2i0A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

733.  Tom Tom Club  -  Wordy Rappinghood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Vl1m5FYlAo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

734.  Tonight - Tina Turner & David Bowie - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UGrNmcNSGQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

735.  Tonight I celebrate my love - Peabo Bryson & Roberta Flack (With lyrics) [HQ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GOLnWz_Osc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

736.  Tony Esposito - Papa Chico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpxZnjPMy_o&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

737.  Toto - Africa (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

738.  Toto - Rosanna (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmOLtTGvsbM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

739.  Tracey Ullman - Breakaway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiwopPbHGts&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

740.  Tracey Ullman - They Don't Know.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9un119lq4c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

741.  Transvision Vamp - I Want Your Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpEmHajlCt4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

742.  Trio - da da da.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuB6xTi8UXU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

743.  Tubeway Army  Gary Numan -  Are 'Friends' Electric 1979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0WNbm1jz6A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

744.  Two of Hearts By Stacey Q (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWBs-b7Rx6s&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

745.  UB40 - I Got You Babe ft.  Chrissie Hynde.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aP4GaAruws&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

746.  Ub40 - Maybe tomorrow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aM424nhUn84&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

747.  UB40 - Rat In Mi Kitchen - 1986..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLoXFmJBvlk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

748.  UB40 - Red Red Wine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXt56MB-3vc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

749.  UB40 - Sing Our Own Song (with Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0ltWUqu8ck&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

750.  UB40 - Where Did I Go Wrong [Official Video + Lyrics](1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGh7WPTcMXw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

751.  US3 - Cantaloop (Flip Fantasia) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwBjhBL9G6U&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

752.  VAIN - Beat The Bullet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQrpgsiSIU4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

753.  Van Halen - Why Can't This Be Love (1986) (Remastered) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U14cBZHn0rA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

754.  Vaya con dios - Don't Cry For Louie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgUyDhwDFdU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

755.  Vaya Con Dios - Puerto Rico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uREy_Hhnv4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

756.  VIKTOR LAZLO Breathless (1987).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7hMuV-RYWA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

757.  Wall Of Voodoo - Mexican Radio (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyCEexG9xjw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

758.  Wang Chung - Dance Hall Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-xpJRwIA-Q&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

759.  Wang Chung - Everybody Have Fun Tonight (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoXu6QmxpJE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

760.  War Of The Worlds (The Eve Of The War) - Jeff Wayne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eCAphdQPck&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

761.  Warren G - Regulate (Official Music Video) ft. Nate Dogg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1plPyJdXKIY&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

762.  Wax - Bridge To Your Heart (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1isRH9E9WAE&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

763.  Wayne Wade Lady With lyrics HD 1080p.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqkb2ePBF3c&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

764.  Wee Papa Girl Rappers - Wee Rule (Remix)  HQ AUDIO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qx1MXr7BRU4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

765.  Wendy & Lisa -  Lolly Lolly (Original Video Clip 1989).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1_vs_TjbaQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

766.  West End Girls [Dance Mix] - Pet Shop Boys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOjKkcI7kCA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

767.  WET WET WET - Angel Eyes (Home and Away) with lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCJTYax120k&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

768.  Wet Wet Wet - Sweet Little Mystery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgEqJUcUKNw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

769.  Wet Wet Wet - Sweet Surrender.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXxvpPVr9BQ&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

770.  Wham! - Freedom (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFwOs-jy53A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

771.  Wham! - Last Christmas (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8gmARGvPlI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

772.  Wham! - The Edge Of Heaven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3m-UhrvwQrI&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

773.  Wham! - Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIgZ7gMze7A&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

774.  When In Rome - The Promise (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HI_xFQWiYU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

775.  Whitesnake - Here I Go Again '87 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyF8RHM1OCg&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

776.  Whitney Houston - Greatest Love Of All (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYzlVDlE72w&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

777.  Whitney Houston - I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eH3giaIzONA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

778.  Whitney Houston - One Moment In Time (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96aAx0kxVSA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

779.  Whitney Houston - Saving All My Love For You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewxmv2tyeRs&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

780.  Whoomp! (There It Is) - Tag Team (1993).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdKsgBNEHUU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

781.  Wild Wild Life by Talking Heads lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkmdWOhmlj4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

782.  Will Downing - A Love Supreme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSIEebXB6fU&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

783.  Wilson Phillips - Hold On (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIbXvaE39wM&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

784.  With You I'm Born Again-Billy Preston & Syreeta.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a0A-UZoHnk&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

785.  Womack & Womack - Teardrops (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8AOAap6_k4&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

786.  Womack and Womack- celebrate the world album live 65min concert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTpYLuSPw9E&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

787.  Won Ton Ton - I Lie And I Cheat (1988) [videoclip].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg_cgpOwmIA&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

788.  You Give Good Love - Whitney Houston 1985.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR8ryUU8Hvw&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

789.  Zapp & Roger - I Want To Be Your Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VEdPCvcOcc&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

790.  Ziggy Marley And The Melody Makers - Tomorrow People (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AM8M-HHSbp0&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF

791.  ZZ Top Sharp Dressed Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pn2-b_opVTo&list=PLHE6dkXvnNgMQd6ogwNOncbWt5V-x5oRF
Top 1000+ Pop Hits of the 80's