
PHP Regular Expression Tutorial - Start of line match and multiline mode
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYVBHOuEOJo

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial + quantifier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mE3tN3HLLFY

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial -   quantifier and default greedy nature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJaNgwZkBKE

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - A permanent start of string match
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWeZ0aLI82w

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Alternation - limit the scope with parentheses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fQxOMJh1BQ

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Alternation along with start of string
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeHRL6tl7qs

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Alternation introduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOuxvZeiudQ

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Anchor $ exceptional behavior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkJl1ofQWZ8

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Anchor $ multiline mode
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdS3tVZZ0VU

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Anchor $ normal behavior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyfAHlRYMiI

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - B Non word boundary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IimxLMQpDn0

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Character classes or Character sets basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmjZHl9Qo3Y

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - d and D character class shorthand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUX8jFtyzyQ

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Define Range inside Character class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CtODLqhCbQ

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Dot - match any character
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7zMCvqAp1Q

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Dot is not a metacharacter inside character class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61RcSnScr_k

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Empty Alternative
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HU4-CyPu1Q

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Greedy behavior of + quantifier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZbOUKd4YM0

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Greedy behavior of optional item 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvyF_bedIJk

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - How to group optional items
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R08fQGhYS4k

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - How to make + lazy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZl4ASwqVEg

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - How to match new line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iKabG8etN0

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - lazy quantifier 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFRTX3OJkRA

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Leftmost match always wins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKWn6Yg5Lkw

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Literal characters match
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBr2kWPp9Ok

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Metacharacters Escaping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akq8HkV4N0I

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - misuses of greediness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Slzdl_D38Ug

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Negated character class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0kyBsujp_w

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Optional items
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dau9xTyvWdc

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Positioning and meaning of dash(-) inside character class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTOvKsbalk4

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Postioning and meaning of caret (^) inside character class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAUl-XERT9A

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - s and S character class shorthand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KULCkbVn5JY

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - s pattern modifier - dot matches all characters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkhqzE5NpS0

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - w and W character class shorthand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4nxidXM7Ac

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Word boundaries b
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGYaSDRA09A

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - z comparison with Z and $
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iat2eC_2kk

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Z end of string exceptional behavior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf5GHYdFMq4

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Z end of string normal behavior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXJQOU3_gKM

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - ^ anchor - match start of string
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RO4hnfyMlas

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - {a,b} counting quantifier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfAeESD5gas

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - {a,b} Lazy counting quantifier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjx_Xkiy_I8

PHP Regular Expressions Tutorials - How to make optional item lazy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttrdkR_gO4A

PHPJavascript Regular Expressions - IPv4 address validation part1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iQZGikOuxI

Regular Expressions Tutorial - What is Regular Expression
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHVmwx0fCbI

Regular Expressions Tutorial - Word boundary count puzzle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCKIwT31Kdk
PHP Regex Regular Expressions Tutorial