
1.  10cc - I'm Not In Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STugQ0X1NoI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

2.  Abba - Dancing Queen (Official Music Video Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFrGuyw1V8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

3.  Abba - Knowing Me, Knowing You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUrzicaiRLU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

4.  Abba - SOS (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvChjHcABPA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

5.  Abba - Take A Chance On Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-crgQGdpZR0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

6.  Abba - Voulez-Vous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=za05HBtGsgU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

7.  Abba - Waterloo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sj_9CiNkkn4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

8.  Ambrosia - How Much I Feel (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQB5qpxcixc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

9.  Anne Murray I Just Fall in Love Again (2003).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPZ9p5FdoXQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

10.  Baba O'Riley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIbMbXjbW98&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

11.  Baccara - Yes Sir, I Can Boogie (Starparade 02.06.1977) (VOD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32wDFCM7iSI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

12.  Barry Manilow - Mandy • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XeSQVWleqY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

13.  Bee Gees - You Should Be Dancing - Saturday Night Fever John Travolta USA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0lm58cet1g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

14.  Billy Joel - Just The Way You Are (from Old Grey Whistle Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkuJJsApACc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

15.  Blondie - Heart Of Glass (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGU_4-5RaxU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

16.  Boney M. - Rasputin (Sopot Festival 1979) (VOD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16y1AkoZkmQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

17.  Carly Simon - You're So Vain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j13oJajXx0M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

18.  Carpenters - Only Yesterday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evETS8_WFGE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

19.  Carpenters - Rainy Days And Mondays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjFoQxjgbrs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

20.  CHIC - Le Freak (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXgSHL7efKg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

21.  Commodores - Sail On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg-ivWxy5KE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

22.  Conway Twitty - Hello Darlin' (1971)..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hLrGjh0Mk8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

23.  Creedence Clearwater Revival - Run Through The Jungle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7PUPNxsRQ0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

24.  Dancing in the Moonlight (Original Recording) - King Harvest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5JqPxmYhlo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

25.  Dionne Warwick  I'll Never Love This Way Again (ORIGINAL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LO9NP-SiT8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

26.  Dr Hook -  Sharing The Night Together (1978).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_n_NgGWpR4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

27.  Earth, Wind & Fire - That's the Way of the World (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhW3P7_jvWY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

28.  Elton John - Don't Go Breaking My Heart (with Kiki Dee).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0qW9P-uYfM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

29.  Elton John - Rocket Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtVBCG6ThDk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

30.  England Dan & John Ford Coley - I'd Really Love To See You Tonight.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuUVgKT4roQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

31.  Eric Clapton - Wonderful Tonight (Live Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUSzL2leaFM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

32.  Fleetwood Mac - Dreams (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3ywicffOj4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

33.  Gilbert O'Sullivan - Alone Again (original version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_P-v1BVQn8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

34.  Just When I Needed You Most.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoMn41bFqVA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

35.  Kenny Rogers - The Gambler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hx4gdlfamo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

36.  Long Cool Woman in a Black Dress by The Hollies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0LTRPMpOVM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

37.  Mammas Don't Let Your Babies Grow up to Be Cowboys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i85ob2DackI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

38.  Neil Diamond  I Am... I Said.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhEaHcQgyLs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

39.  Rod Stewart - You're In My Heart (from One Night Only!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-xHOR8_ZSU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

40.  Simon & Garfunkel - Bridge over Troubled Water (from The Concert in Central Park).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrcwRt6J32o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

41.  Sometimes When We Touch - Dan Hill - Official Video 1994.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IATz8ZVTALo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

42.  Stevie Wonder-Isn't She Lovely Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVvkjuEAwgU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

43.  Sundown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kv8zyBi4ZXk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

44.  The Carpenters - Yesterday Once More (INCLUDES LYRICS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTaWayUE5XA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

45.  The Manhattans - Kiss and Say Goodbye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtjro7_R3-4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

46.  Todd Rundgren - Hello Its Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsezr0qiFIc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

47.  Zoom - Commodores.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPQz5nCn158&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX
70s Pop Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1970's Pop Songs