
1.   Divine Brotherhood  - Krishna's Flute w Lord Shiva's Rudra Veena.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSjMjSUIVq0

2.   Goddess  P A R A M E S H V A R I - The Infinite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zu4TzShivxk

3.   Goddess Durga  B H A V A N I - The invincible one.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1J4kYZIL4Q

4.   Goddess Saraswati  S H I V A N U J A  Soul of the Trinity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilQVdMaz96o

5.   Lord Krishna  R A D E S h w Lotus-eyed one.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IL7Gd4Yn8f8

6.  #PowerToDecide  United Kingdom General Election [2017]  Full Presentation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wh9Z8wHuCLk

7.  Aarti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ufeGSdl2Y8

8.  AASHRIT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjTghoz3onQ

9.  ALL Spiritual Instruments In The World  Music Temple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yc-QZywVl0c

10.  Arabian Nights - Music Temple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iuay51ifoAs

11.  ARUNACHALA SHIVA  ACOUSTIC VERSION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOHAdjamvjg

12.  Bhagwan Shri Parshuram [ No Mercy ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldIsaBcwToE

13.  Cartoon - On & On (feat. Daniel Levi).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHUHyRRnxPM

14.  Damian Marley - Road To Zion EFIX & XKAEM Cover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z15609TPC3w

15.  Defqwop - Heart Afire (feat. Strix) (Middelthon Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1S8_mQHm_Y

16.  Devi Vaishnavi's Pahadowali - ? P l a y l i s t  ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtWHqX87Ku8

17.  DREAM - 02 - Anger Of the Goddess.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=banmCDfceV8

18.  DREAM - 04 - My  PAIN  is More Than My Fear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMvEskIh6H8

19.  DREAM - 05 - Valkyrie - No Plan B.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMOqFgJ0J5E

20.  DREAM-01 - Far Away Where Mistakes Are Forgivable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdYpOj6yJqc

21.  GOD KING  Online Comic Book  Release Date - 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymhnZY7Tlgo

22.  Govinda Damodar Madheveti Stotram.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXl1PPExqP0

23.  Indian Background Flute Music Instrumental Meditation Music  Yoga Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxNNMSFD1ZM

24.  INFINTY BLADE - 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CrRaO0Y3YVs

25.  Inside Third Eye  Music Temple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0N-ewA-Hz2A

26.  JediProd -  The Flying Assassin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVImoNAB9b8

27.  JediProd - Wolf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVy2RKC3kLI

28.  KaL-i-Yuga  Most Powerful Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5MyD5fX-qM

29.  Law Light - Something Else TH1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvC06VvS6o8

30.  Leo Kalyan - Full Circle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqzZYTQ19Ow

31.  Longest Lord Shiva Mantra Ever  Music Temple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03kpObpJRS8

32.  Lord Ganesha  Most Powerful Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM9Cb4JlXbA

33.  Lord Ganesha - Vighnaharta - Shri - Gajanan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mY6U9razFH0

34.  Lord Har-Hari  Most Powerful Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWXl0PscB0w

35.  Lord Krishna  Pahadi Dhun  Magic Flute.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xf5HeYZ-LoE

36.  Lord Krishna  V A M S I D H A R  - The Giver.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEJXx4xHTts

37.  Lord Krishna - Anandsagar [ The Compassionate Lord ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yDhUnTKO4E

38.  Lord Krishna - DhanMuratKrishanMurari.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANpPRb9gRrE

39.  Lord Krishna - Shri Hari Vishnu - Peaceful Song - Mi Sharan Tula Girdhari.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dXOvCF-gTM

40.  Lord Krishna - Trust Me When My Answer Is Wait [  Flute Solo ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9nSiQF7wiM

41.  Lord Krishna [ Vishnu ]  Most Beautiful Song Ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jxJ62ua-OA

42.  Lord Krishna [Vishnu] Most Powerful Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYl7HycGrfY

43.  Lord Krishna's Flute Like You've Never Heard Before.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMhYQeq1YNY

44.  Lord Narasimha  Most Powerful Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ESQ4N1dn9N8

45.  Lord Rama - The Victorious King  #Happy #Dussehra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpJE9aEZhQI

46.  Lord RAMA [ Shri Hari Vishnu ] - Dhanurdhara Punyodaya Paramatmane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2fDgD2XhFc

47.  Lord Rudra  Most Powerful Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxzv5MTOQyQ

48.  Lord Shiva  Mahamrityunjay Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOEwNYZjjGs

49.  Lord Shiva  Mahamrityunjaya Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Go-zRxmSh1A

50.  Lord Shiva  Most Powerful  Enigmatic and Most Energetic  Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtSLRDaZf_s

51.  Lord Shiva  Most Powerful Mantra [ 2018 ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzsWwOG8Jrc

52.  Lord Shiva  Most Powerful Namaskaratha Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=To_OJMr8Y9g

53.  Lord Shiva  Most Powerful Shiva's Ta??avam Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piKulafRwY4

54.  Lord Shiva  Nataraja  The Lord of Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_B7BeiLOy8

55.  Lord Shiva  Rudra Veena  Music Temple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9ViXx76oxg

56.  Lord Shiva - Heavenly Sitar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDOoM5oZhNI

57.  Lord Shiva - Jyotirlinga.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mksH8qAq2UE

58.  Lord Shiva - Saguna  God The FatherHoly SpiritSon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oV3uT5iSTf8

59.  Lord Shiva 3rd Eye Chant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJ6pzkBtG4U

60.  Lord Shiva DEEP MEDITATIONPOWER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_Jvq7JpGRE

61.  Lord Shiva in Exile NEW.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEz8LxD1_2M

62.  Lord Shiva Mahamrityunjaya Mantra  EXTREAMLY POWERFUL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3WBcG8bu4U

63.  Lord Shri Hari  V i S h N u  - He who destroys Samsara.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVVvaGGIOv4

64.  Lord Shri Hari Vishnu - Soul Of The Universe [ ?????????? ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eU7OUCFEsU

65.  Lord Shri Hari Vishnu peaceful Mantra - Om Namo Bhagavate Vasudevaya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_wZnvA2SB4

66.  Lord Vishnu  Breathing In Himalayas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avVJox7jnDc

67.  Lord Vishnu  L O K N A T H  -  Lord of the world.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T4UyIzeakk

68.  Lord Vishnu  Most Amazing Painting [ ART ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNKEMgcyu6g

69.  Lord Vishnu  Most Peaceful Mantra Ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VX-69gUlmE

70.  Lord Vishnu  Most Powerful Sarveshwara Mantra [Exclusive  Premier].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tvCObNnb44

71.  Lord Vishnu - Hare Krishna Mantra [ 8D ?? AUDIO ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtkhpD66En0

72.  Lord Vishnu - The Supreme Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9NDwS4IufM

73.  Lord Vishnu Mantra Madhurastakam [ The beauty of Lord Sri Krishna ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oNuS0FSY5M

74.  Lord Vishnu [ Krishna ]  Vaikuntha Loka  Mesmerizing Flute.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LenNPNxiXM

75.  Lord Vishnu's  Most Energetic Mantra Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Fvu8b26h5k

76.  Maa Durga  Most Powerful Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDgtKyHx9zg

77.  Maa Durga - PrayerMantraChant - jai Maa Durga.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcNPk12qEk4

78.  Maa Mahishasura Mardini Stotram , Puja , Arti [ Background Music ] Instrumental.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwXcgMpt7nE

79.  Maa Rudrani  Most Powerful Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1bVtMLJeqo

80.  Maha Shivaratri  Most Powerful Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmVI45H5_F0

81.  Majestic IN Vibes  Music Temple - 6453.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ER_YhwVxHco

82.  Maryada Purushottam  Shri Rama  Music Temple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3UPZXUG4G4

83.  Most Peaceful Devi Maa Mantra - Om Namo Narayani.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9RuRj6HAKQ

84.  Most Powerful Devi Ma - MantraChantHymn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_xhmsep8oY

85.  Most Powerful Devi Ma Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05_JUL61zEI

86.  Most Powerful Devi Mantra WARNING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g71NBj2qOeU

87.  Most Powerful Maa Durga Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EA85S2puRAI

88.  Most Powerful Mahalaya Mantra - Devi Durge Namaoh Namah.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kl4ybxu8fEA

89.  Most Relaxing Music Ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3Zzy-D3FK0

90.  Most Soothing  Maa Bhairavi StotramVandana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQGmWiJRg1k

91.  Music Temple - Dancing Spirits [ Beautiful Chinese music ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wSbhs9iFUk

92.  Music Temple - Devo Ke Dev Mahadev.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bib6wUPlwSE

93.  Music Temple - Epic Ethnic Music [ Promo ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syWT3BT6VIs

94.  Music temple - Get The Sound 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQNppZNqW28

95.  Music Temple - GOD ! Where Are You  [ Horror Music ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DohelY9XxzQ

96.  Music Temple - London Smoke 007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yP_L0CDpTIU

97.  Music Temple - Mountains Are Calling [ The spirit of travel ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NZVtgTpnlY

98.  Music Temple - Music For The Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSIEpl4Gnck

99.  Music Temple - Namaste from Paris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aSqK5sTZfM

100.  Music Temple - Party Anthem [ #Happy #New #Year #2018 ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=giyvBEmaSL4

101.  Music Temple - Shiv Bhajan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HmqYgeVEZ24

102.  Music Temple - Siya Ke Ram [ Exclusive Premiere ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeTjvljcuqI

103.  Music Temple - The Beauty of Nature.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVquo4gW4pQ

104.  Music Temple - The Great Tales Of Ramayana [ Short Tamil Version ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REG7Becc7vs

105.  Music Temple - The King Has Arrived (1723290).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpJc0YFmr8E

106.  Music Temple - The King Has Arrived.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgaqs7Z3SA0

107.  Music Temple - The Sound You Need [ 02 ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWEQWeuhrUs

108.  Music Temple - The Sound You Need [3].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtkqdWFjbbg

109.  Music Temple - Winter is Coming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYiAdthx3Q8

110.  Music Temple - Zen Bells [  8D ?? AUDIO  ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwFlx8_6560

111.  Music Temple Mixtape No.1 - i Travel Alone  Whistling Around.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWSBsVIqJ0s

112.  N A R A Y A N.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YaKr5IZYvk

113.  Nagendra Haraya Trilochanaya  BhsmaAngaRagayaMaheshvaraya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxI8jTrUr2U

114.  Navdurga  Adi Shiv Shakti  Maa Bhadhar Kali  Puja  Stuti  Stotram.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_kZGru7bSU

115.  Navratri Special - Radha Ne Shyam - Traditional Garba.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byKWfITVeeo

116.  Next Level Background Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAL4tP7zje4

117.  OM - NAMO - NARAYANA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfA-IHrLdPY

118.  Om Gan Ganapataye Namah [ Chant ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cK1sM0ay6n0

119.  Om Namaha Shivaya (Peaceful Bhajan).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ku8_pKiSyj8

120.  Perfect Background Music  Yoga Classes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7x1fuO1QhME

121.  Piano background.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLzeMx6dkis

122.  Raga of Lord Shiva - Sitar  MT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCMdvNP0URI

123.  Ram - Siya Ram - Siya Ra? - Jai Jai Ram.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bTBLX-LkFw

124.  Ram Cycle - Quiet Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDSUnikpQKE

125.  Relaxing Meditation Music [ Powerful Au? (?) & Flute ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-YBBObZEW4

126.  S01E01 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SNdkBLjEyE

127.  S01E01 - Music Temple  MAN-THAN .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wB2qEmxlBpM

128.  S01E02 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jTcmOIQTnE

129.  S01E03 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwieN9tVT5s

130.  S01E03 - Music Temple  MAN-THAN .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oc77zQSCvms

131.  S01E04 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sn1VNd2eMj8

132.  S01E04 - Music Temple  MAN-THAN .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVtJQDj8RoA

133.  S01E05 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUUbALOl0dc

134.  S01E06 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyopeJhJU04

135.  S01E07 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yLB3fb_sZg

136.  S01E08 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6p4YcgHecU

137.  S01E09 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpK6eACx7fA

138.  S01E11 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4X8abuj0fg

139.  S01E12 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XA9nq83fzZs

140.  S01E13 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DROLeLwPpuk

141.  S01E14 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J73p8Yl2ak0

142.  S01E15 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTWIId5HVk8

143.  S02E01 - Lord Vishnu's - Music Temple  DARBAR .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmPhtwK5KOE

144.  Sab Me Hai Ram - Ram Me Hai Sab.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RzxnDLwuz8

145.  Sahil Arora  Jai Om Namah Shivaye  Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTsl6Kj8D6A

146.  Shambho  Shankar  Bholenath  Mahadev.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4_LRjTfStg

147.  SHIV - SHAKTI  SHV - DEVI - SHIV  DEVI - SHV - SHAKTI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AblVJq5M1eo

148.  Shiva Shiva Shiva Shambho Mahadeva Samba Sadashiva Damaro Ganadha.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgavrA7zpeo

149.  Shiva Tandava Stotram  Acoustic Version [ With ] The Concluding Paragraph.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQkBaaHYe1Q

150.  Shiva Tandava Stotram.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHMHQn_pxM0

151.  Shri Maa Maha Lakshmi  Most Powerful Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTpetfh6J-k

152.  Shri Ram Chandra Kripalu Bhajman [ Unplugged ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7KqTvLwRhY

153.  Shyamasundara - Most Beautiful Lord Krishna Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATcyu8nP1s0

154.  Su Na - Complexion (feat. Dizzy Fae).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o42ZSs5d054

155.  The Best Worshiper [ Music Temple ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eW4BCjCAgJs

156.  The Great Tales of Ramayana  Full Audio Version of Ram - Leela.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_q28NC3P6o

157.  The Oriental Bridge [ Album Promo ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIBZ1AOc0CM

158.  The Shiva Purana + Lingashtakam mantra  ExclusivePremier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0biFAxTiZ4

159.  The witcher 3 - Wild Hunt [ lullaby of woe ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0Ni9Tm4R1s

160.  The world without us  A Beautiful Message  Music Temple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=642SGU_-sic

161.  Top - CulturalModern - RingtonesSamples - 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1E_0MbHPNmw

162.  Tropical Rainforest Flute Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLYzbCBwGiw

163.  vbnd - trying to forget.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgJl6bhbA-4

164.  [ r?priz ] Shri Samba Sadashiva Aksharamala.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hX6Q1AUjslY

165.  [ Uttabhita Svara ]  Bhagwan Shri Parshuram - Supreme Excellence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmfRmYo_X8M

166.  [ YOGA NIDRA ] Calm sounds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYqqc_U_0WQ

167.  ? Peaceful Om namah Shivaya Mantra Complete ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cxb4hwutC6c

168.  ? ??? ?????  O? Nama? Sivaya  Aum Num-ha Shi-why.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e4_P_4nIHk

169.  ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3bgnrhjswQ

170.  ? Peaceful Om namah Shivaya Mantra Complete ? !!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1JLJAkuFAA

171.  Art of Noise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Xn-w1ecoPs

172.  Faith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fE1WeiYcP3A

173.  GLEE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12J5o2HThTM

174.  PAVITRA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXK10620Zik
Music Temple - Videos