
1.  $200 A5 WAGYU STEAK - WHAT TO DO (AND NOT DO!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpoPeKNxjds

2.  (Faux) Ginger Creme Brûlée  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVFc4vr3bBA

3.  2 Amazing Grilled Sandwiches  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hER2QyGntl8

4.  20 POUND BACON CHEESEBURGER - 2 MILLION SUBSCRIBER SPECIAL  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vm2R4GdhgsI

5.  2009 Eric the Midget Jeff the Drunk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCntp5CXaBM

6.  3 Minute Fried Rice  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f__Vo4ztz9w

7.  3 RIDICULOUSLY DELICIOUS HOT DOG RECIPES  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0F5EEOKVWM

8.  7 Easy Recipes for Leftover Meatloaf  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwvR-Lk_DLo

9.  A CHOPPED CHEESE (BETTER THAN A PHILLY CHEESESTEAK)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwoaQZcDchg

10.  Air Fried Chicken Taquitos (Rolled Tacos)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ej_JciBMCf0

11.  Air Fried Tofu  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP3sMNaASDE

12.  Air Fryer vs. Deep Fryer - Battle for the Best Fried Chicken Tenders  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOIrPjqeztk

13.  Alabama White BBQ Sauce  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grOtoL5zn4k

14.  AN EASY & IMPRESSIVE BREAKFAST RECIPE ANYONE CAN MAKE FOR MOTHER'S DAY  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-q_r3drTqA

15.  AND THE SAMSGIVING 2020 WINNERS ARE...  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EnKljCNvI8

16.  ANNOUNCING THE WINNERS OF OUR BIGGEST GIVEAWAY EVER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyEgjbnN434

17.  Artie Lange 2006 Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAZPxEQyDOg

18.  Ask Me Anything Live Stream Q&A #3  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8ZGOk48OEo

19.  Baby Sausage Rolls (aka Pigs in Blankets)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUxc4TsfZvo

20.  Back To School Day TV Ep  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aquGOgX0woo

21.  Back to School Day TV ep Promo  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ANGdSEnTG8

22.  Bacon Eggs Benedict French Fries  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7lWvEqTp8E

23.  BACON WRAPPED CARNE ASADA BURRITO  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfZUzXyzlqw

24.  BACON WRAPPED ELOTE HOT DOGS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWVWJImGfXk

25.  BAGEL BREAKFAST SANDWICH (W HOMEMADE BACON JAM)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hglUFJ7SSAc

26.  Baked Brie with Shiitakes  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrOaHS6CXc0

27.  Baked Chipotle Chicken Taquitos  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dc68gx44_As

28.  Bangers and Mash with Simple Guiness Gravy  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elyYJydgt64

29.  BEEF RAGU PASTA RECIPE (BETTER THAN BOLOGNESE)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNxxAZlIK-w

30.  Beef Wellington (with a 3lb Tomahawk Ribeye!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttJcANQgQv0

31.  Best (Chorizo) Chilaquiles  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLRztQZVjUc

32.  Best Asian Steak Marinade  SAM THE COOKING GUY recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exB0TKFABCU

33.  Best Bacon Wrapped Chili Dog  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYIXYK3ZA6g

34.  Best Carne Asada Fries... Ever!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDXt4cIDLDU

35.  Best Chinese Stir Fry Sauce Recipe   SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=817ppV441n8

36.  Best ever BBQ Shrimp by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYaeIREB0S8

37.  Best Everyday Tomato Sauce Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYRkmdxdvC8

38.  Best Garlic Bread Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S145DFheNKw

39.  Best Munchies Frito Pie (In a Bag)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXO7DX8fZw4

40.  Best Old School Shrimp Scampi  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paqXTLb4yxQ

41.  Best Pork Belly Pizza  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NokCucauLLg

42.  Best Steak & Onion Taco  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9Aim7QPVT0

43.  Best Steak (Rib Eye) in a Cast Iron Pan  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TD7DpnQxJ8Y

44.  Best Warm Cheesy Bacon Chicken Club recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lb48xXGAZT0

45.  Best Way to Grill a Whole Chicken  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGJOok5HTRo

46.  Better-Than-In-N-Out (!!!) Animal Style TOTS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBDfZbPy1sA

47.  Beyond Burger Big Mac  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQtF2GOXfbA

48.  BIG JUICY TURKEY LEGS (EASY RECIPE FOR THANKSGIVING!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2StcIwaaBDM

49.  Biscuits & Gravy  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADKNDI3MOlU

50.  Black Forest Ham Avo Toast  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONl_TE8rUy8

51.  BLINDFOLDED COOKING - Shrimp Stir Fry  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMSnCYGffWA

52.  Bloody Good Shot  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDK8e7UBvUU

53.  Bourbon Peach French Toast  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsU34RHYGUM

54.  BREAKFAST ENCHILADAS (AND THE CREW DOES THE #ONECHIPCHALLENGE)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrlaFNJ0EmA

55.  BREAKFAST PASTA (CARBONARA!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkWP67jajbk

56.  Brown Rice Shrimp Pita  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlJ_WUetcr0

57.  BRUNCHIES (BREAKFAST MUNCHIES)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6f2hIlDWJY

58.  Brussels Sprout & Bacon Flatbread by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6FphJWPPMU

59.  Brutally Honest Flight Review Delta One Suite x Airbus A350 to Tokyo (Pt. 1)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TT8BOEju1ZM

60.  Buffalo Chicken Burger  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PK3xNt9vV8

61.  Buffalo Fried Chicken Wrap  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cp-BWaC1rEc

62.  BUTTERY GRILLED KING CRAB  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1515278).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H40-PrkkLa0

63.  BUTTERY GRILLED KING CRAB  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H40-PrkkLa0

64.  Can PINEAPPLE save a $1 steak  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQhdEzmybGc

65.  CARNE ASADA CUP NOODLES - THE BEST RAMEN RECIPE EVER  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1728781).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUn_vE9ZUPY

66.  CARNE ASADA CUP NOODLES - THE BEST RAMEN RECIPE EVER  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUn_vE9ZUPY

67.  Carne Asada Fries Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9knyeE3YN4

68.  CARNE ASADA TORTA  GRILLED CHEESE  IT DOESN'T MATTER IT'S SO GOOD  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCIJppUMYSc

69.  Caviar Pie  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWkHC2nm6t4

70.  CHEESE WRAPPED BREAKFAST BURRITO  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNDPubOcXkI

71.  Cheesesteak Sliders  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooEofezid3A

72.  Cheesy Breakfast Grits  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJacygyYPVk

73.  CHEESY BUTTERY SPICY GARLIC KNOTS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vum-Umvo5P8

74.  Cheesy Grilled Meatloaf Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpEW1p0VQx4

75.  CHEESY JUICY BEEFY BIRRIA TACOS, WOW!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rExIfMIDTRU

76.  Cheesy Pull-Apart Bread  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luweIoAIvHc

77.  Chick-fil-A Chicken Sandwich - But Homemade... & WAY Better!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1047558).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WDesu7bUDM

78.  Chick-fil-A Chicken Sandwich - But Homemade... & WAY Better!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WDesu7bUDM

79.  CHICKEN 'BEER-IA' TACOS (IN A CHEESE TACO SHELL!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf6P1v3-bzA

80.  Chicken Burrito Bowl  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViTI3i1dWec

81.  Chicken Caesar Salad Wrap  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGrFCaN1uJA

82.  CHICKEN DONER KEBAB AT HOME!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyvXwabaVjY

83.  Chicken Enchiladas  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpXD5HA7SZM

84.  Chicken Fried Steak (with Wagyu Beef!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqA1WEXU1cc

85.  CHICKEN FRIES - BUT HOMEMADE & WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1741294).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlV6X13vUB0

86.  CHICKEN FRIES - BUT HOMEMADE & WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlV6X13vUB0

87.  CHICKEN KATSU SANDWICH  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzNZ1Hvpmi8

88.  CHICKEN PARMESAN SLIDERS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3ej6nq59qA

89.  CHICKEN POT PIE THAT'S SO EASY YOU ONLY NEED ONE ARM TO MAKE IT!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLQDEKulj2o

90.  CHICKEN SMASHED BURGERS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEpKJbOFlvc

91.  Chicken, Snow Peas & Mushrooms  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIVj4qDE0b4

92.  Chili Cheese Hot Dog Burger  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkfV8Zy8oBQ

93.  Chipotle Chicken Tacos with Homemade Avocado Cream Sauce  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIXGAffiPpI

94.  Chocolate Dipped Frozen Bananas  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Kv75Y7-_Ts

95.  Chorizo & Potato Quesadilla  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQSnsacwZBo

96.  Chris Wilding Gives an Update on Andy Cohen and Gets an Offer From Gary Dell'Abate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uqo4q0V3gc

97.  Clam Chowder in a Homemade Bread Bowl  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdqkqjDZphA

98.  CLASSIC CANADIAN POUTINE - THE BEST I'VE EVER MADE!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Rr-HvUvzis

99.  Coconut Green Onion Rice  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FU-00mMo-UI

100.  Cold Asian Noodle Salad  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvxNFAU9RY4

101.  Cook 4 Sam  SAM THE COOKING GUY CONTEST CLOSED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylR54qjTkxk

102.  COSTCO CHICKEN BAKE...BUT HOMEMADE & WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3nH3C1jLBE

103.  Crab Deviled Eggs  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7dON4lwaWA

104.  Crazy Easy Filet-O-Fish Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvCyoVMRLx8

105.  CREAMY CHEESY GARLIC PASTA  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3KLEedukb8

106.  CRISPY COCONUT SHRIMP  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EwRgmzsoyM

107.  CRISPY HONEY GARLIC WINGS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrOypU-CXsQ

108.  Crispy Veal Scallopini Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_nnhh3nXtc

109.  Croque Madame Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cDpv_b2zRI

110.  Danish Smørrebrød  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uBu2JPTMTI

111.  Deep Fried Tomahawk Steak  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9iboOpM-5I

112.  Deep Fry King Chicken Charlie Interview with SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUOMO2OO2MM

113.  Delicious and Easy Pork Breakfast Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tvEgGKLCOg

114.  Delicious Buffalo Tater Tots  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vAPet3QE-4

115.  Delicious Pan Fried Potatoes  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKkH5V-oPWQ

116.  Delicious Scrambled Eggs Recipe with Shrimp  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wT9jeDKXj4E

117.  DEVILED EGGS 9 WAYS (LIKE YOU'VE NEVER SEEN THEM BEFORE...)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYKKJZ7rQkA

118.  Double Breakfast Burger  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFwnWbBFfV4

119.  Double Wrapped Shrimp & Bacon Tacos  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRbCivQ6NzY

120.  Easy and Delicious Grilled Corn Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzdGykb5N-c

121.  Easy Apple Hand Pies  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wB1JdS4y-ZA

122.  Easy Asian Carne Asada Tacos Recipe by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhgy52beqE8

123.  EASY BAKED ZITI PASTA RECIPE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QN_0PrF50lM

124.  Easy Bananas Foster with Rum  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mI6idjFtiD0

125.  Easy Cheater Huevos Rancheros Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=naukafZpjXg

126.  Easy Cheesy Homemade Corn Dogs  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFuEq9A8I-Q

127.  EASY CHEESY PANINI RECIPE (WITHOUT A PRESS!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKNXP4bg2i0

128.  Easy Cheesy Pasta Carbonara Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWYIyLNfbaA

129.  Easy Chicken Adobo  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyWAv-hAGjk

130.  Easy Chicken Tacos (w Avocado Cream Sauce)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ReCMR47XtL0

131.  Easy Chicken Tikka Masala Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGPCydMJ2Vk

132.  Easy Cottage Cheese Muffins  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esl9ipetxWw

133.  Easy DIY Latkes Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlE2ffVAIXA

134.  Easy Fish Stick Burrito  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHiC1zYZJ6g

135.  Easy Fish Tacos  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jFzSOX6X0A

136.  Easy Game Day Appetizers  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfN_nlf-AXM

137.  Easy Greek Panzanella Salad  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVFyMStGWt0

138.  Easy Grilled Baby Artichokes  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E90TQ3tF66U

139.  Easy Grilled BBQ Chicken Pizza Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNrfqwcH6Xw

140.  Easy Homemade Cauliflower Fried Rice  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYwVGz7pDZ8

141.  EASY HOMEMADE DEEP DISH PIZZA RECIPE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1591542).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FR0r-b6MBBY

142.  EASY HOMEMADE DEEP DISH PIZZA RECIPE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FR0r-b6MBBY

143.  Easy Homemade Garlic Bread  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-ACGVLt6TA

144.  Easy Homemade Hummus by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6VwYHIl54I

145.  Easy Meat Lover's Pizza at Home  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUG27Y2E2c8

146.  Easy Mexican Beer Can Chicken  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWQjdJ7cZOg

147.  Easy Mexican Street Corn  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFMWLPbcbYk

148.  Easy Omelette with Ricotta  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5YPdJcfMCg

149.  Easy One Pan Breakfast Skillet  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vM-cXLaP4dc

150.  Easy One Pot Beer Brats  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaS6KBm483c

151.  Easy One Pot Mac n Cheese  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9hrtjVlaGM

152.  Easy Oven Baked Chicken Wings I Almost Ruined  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvrw5PNJp3U

153.  Easy Patty Melt Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpmQV5YugNA

154.  Easy PeanutAlmond Butter  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAvsMfwTvNg

155.  Easy Polenta Bruschetta  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1h-w1jHVZYM

156.  EASY QUARANTINE (LOCKDOWN) RECIPE! CHICK-FIL-A PIZZA  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1292939).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUQckB2g9oQ

157.  EASY QUARANTINE (LOCKDOWN) RECIPE! CHICK-FIL-A PIZZA  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUQckB2g9oQ

158.  Easy Shoestring Sweet Potato Fries  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NPtvS5APfg

159.  EASY SUMMER GRILLING RECIPES  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKs9H-cheps

160.  Easy Sweet Potato Hash  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZWszsRDvsg

161.  Easy Turkey Panini Recipe - the Ultimate Grilled Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PEihrd0w0Y

162.  EGG FRIED RICE THAT UNCLE ROGER WON'T HATE (HOPEFULLY)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrvUa0JD1aQ

163.  Epic Bourbon Flank Steak Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qg1frvU8D_g

164.  EPIC CHEESEBURGER CRUNCHWRAP RECIPE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPWfxMxFZDU

165.  Epic Cheesy Pull Apart Bread  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWYzp--_Yjs

166.  Epic Crispy Gnocchi with Bacon  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xs4hsJiRz_k

167.  Epic Double Stuffed Steakhouse Burgers  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRcWjxUr5wY

168.  Epic GRILLED Beef Short Ribs  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KPJmmwHT5Q

169.  Epic PB & J French Toast Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xlY28n6wRk

170.  EXCLUSIVE FIRST LOOK AT MY NEW RESTAURANT  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P78zjfAMFrc

171.  Foil Grilled Tomatoes recipe by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8AjD3HMd54

172.  FOOLPROOF VALENTINE'S DAY DINNER  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBoEJS5lr70

173.  French Bread Pizza  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_V652UzEfc

174.  FRENCH TOAST BREAKFAST SANDWICH  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YD4EUQJWuA

175.  French Toast in a Mug  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrUCV-7rrFk

176.  French Toast Waffles  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3l81A2E9pCc

177.  Garlic Bread Chicken Parmesan Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhhoeoX_alc

178.  Garlic Bread Steak Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyr7ZldmxMA

179.  GARLIC BUTTER GRILLED CHICKEN  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaZd9XSSAco

180.  Ginger Sesame Kale  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8XXB-NO7Tw

181.  Greek Chicken Pita Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_Tia9XMAgw

182.  Greek Food Feast - Ft. Grilled Chicken, Lamb + Beef!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDPtWIzNq_Q

183.  Green Chili Cornbread Waffles  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7t-4VHg9nk

184.  Green OnionGinger Sauce by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rROOwLzGSc

185.  Grilled Cheesy Meatball Sub Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rrec_iMlN7g

186.  Grilled Chicken Caesar Salad for Date Night  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnGvJziKNkA

187.  GRILLED CHICKEN LEG QUARTERS BECOME AN EASYIMPRESSIVE DINNER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3zySONF5zE

188.  Grilled Country Style Pork Ribs recipe by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqcDZeywlpI

189.  Grilled Mexican Style Street Corn (Elote)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvPuJVsXJ8A

190.  Grilled Peach & Blueberry Pies  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pB-93Iipcjo

191.  Grilled Peach Blueberry Pie  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rBKzWtjHE4

192.  Grilled Scrambled Egg Sandwich by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkkugWpkpIQ

193.  Hawaiian Pizza  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBNXgfclB4w

194.  He Said WHAT! Offensive Q&A's  SAM THE COOKING GUY PODCAST 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nh6k_tYLa4Y

195.  Homemade Biscuits and Chorizo Gravy  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qx5TZd1AIXc

196.  HOMEMADE CARNITAS BECOMES THE BEST HAWAIIAN PIZZA!   SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cmcI8F8nsA

197.  Homemade Crispy Deep Fried Shrimp  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4tEDCdknOo

198.  HOMEMADE DINNER ROLLS SO SOFT & BUTTERY YOU'LL WANT TO....   SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kz_QY_XI7E

199.  Homemade Fish and Chips Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7EBv6LMhN4

200.  Homemade In-N-Out Burger 4x4 (Animal Style)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaGBsIZMCbY

201.  Homemade KFC Cheetos Fried Chicken Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihpcwUY4Q5s

202.  Homemade Orange Chicken Burrito (from Panda Express)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNx2WFEUTr4

203.  Homemade Pancit  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5F-VWiskW9A

204.  Homemade Refried Beans  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alnNIxKYtDw

205.  Homemade Taco Bell Quesarito - One Seriously EPIC Burrito Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNLl5ZbnGP0

206.  Homemade Tortilla Chips  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMD-AGGFBkU

207.  HONEY BBQ CHICKEN (TENDERS, WINGS & POPCORNS) SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1duMWwT_u2k

208.  HONEY BUTTER FRIED CHICKEN  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5tg-H2bvMI

209.  Honey Garlic Spare Ribs  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVV7ld-BxDc

210.  Honey Mustard Dressing recipe by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HwSEhttCpkc

211.  HONEY SRIRACHA BABY BACK RIBS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjRH_EckJuM

212.  Honey-garlic Spareribs  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCj7sGZwntA

213.  Hot Dog Eating Contest  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhXoJ9jVa-Y

214.  How to Cook PERFECT Prime Rib Every Time  SAM THE COOKING GUY4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WAC42AvZsg

215.  How to Cook the Best Ribeye Steak  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmbMIIgpFwY

216.  HOW TO COOK THE BEST STEAK EVER - MY ALL-TIME FAVORITE RECIPE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2YPLoUDcFU

217.  How to Cook the Perfect Ramen Egg  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWTxlMyJn3I

218.  How to Cook the Perfect Steak in Butter with Paula Dean  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhnvhX7gAGg

219.  How to Grill a Tri Tip  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3pB8NVnKs8

220.  How to Make an Easy Corned Beef at Home  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dplDPp7oMx8

221.  How to Make an Easy Roasted Red Pepper Soup  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Quf76fcO37I

222.  How to Make Carne Asada Fries  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShWaiZdRdXI

223.  How to Make Delicious Kale Chips  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Py93MNKbSHc

224.  How to Make Easy Homemade Pigs in a Blanket  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OSSmkxtzcw

225.  How to Make Homemade Pickled Red Onions  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3z2jTcsL28g

226.  How to Make Perfect Scallops  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kf50XhMR_VU

227.  How to Make the Best Hot Brown Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKop9dei1hI

228.  How to Poach Eggs in Advance  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNtsnK8J0_4

229.  How to Reverse Sear a Steak  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T96OOdlPrZg

230.  How to Sauté Mushrooms  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZ1hprJiX10

231.  HOWARD STERN'S 2013 SEMINAR LEAK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_wD3jElnCk

232.  I MADE A GIANT 200 EGG OMELETTE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tulF_c8JwA

233.  I'm GIVING AWAY a $3500 Grill  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (GIVEAWAY OVER).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_0QDZw1FUA

234.  IN-N-OUT BURGER SLIDERS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdL_eNFbJX4

235.  Is this the BEST Grilled Cheese Ever The Welsh Rarebit  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzJPIJ3LIf0

236.  It's a Cheeseburger! It's a Taco! It's a CHEESEBURGER TACO!!!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLm5WOMvZCg

237.  Italian Sausage and Peppers Burger  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWJjdEvHQuA

238.  JACK DANIEL'S WHISKEY TOMAHAWK RIBEYE STEAK (WOW!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2VcVcsbmeA

239.  Japanese Convenience Store Food Tour  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hODzP8hHvvg

240.  Japanese Street Food Tour - Exploring Osaka & Dotonbori  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6itMWzsrm7o

241.  JUICIEST BURGER I'VE EVER MADE - THE KEVIN BACON BURGER  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urIMs848sTg

242.  Juicy Grilled Chicken & Steak Kebabs  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oBXPWyIVq8

243.  KFC CHICKEN & DONUTS SANDWICH... BUT HOMEMADE & WAYYY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFhJO1BGHgI

244.  KFC Style Popcorn Chicken Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfiMdWjmJtQ

245.  KFC'S DOUBLE DOWN SANDWICH....BUT HOMEMADE & WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1585786).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPQvkc-g3Ak

246.  KFC'S DOUBLE DOWN SANDWICH....BUT HOMEMADE & WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPQvkc-g3Ak

247.  Korean Style BBQ Beef Bulgogi Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83UmozQkZeE

248.  Lamb Rice  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nr8FpqFmBCE

249.  Lasagna in a Cup  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYI_ZQ7qyY8

250.  Lasagna Recipe (and the Best Bolognese Sauce)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agjIbV7OMuQ

251.  Lemon Garlic & Thyme Chicken Wings  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bCBYsbW6Uc

252.  LIFE-CHANGING SCALLOPED POTATOES - AKA THE BEST POTATOES I'VE EVER MADE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQHEDpgBHjg

253.  Live Stream Q&A #1  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHTwnkb1Q7M

254.  Live Stream Q&A #2  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lm-TOdTYlTU

255.  Lobster Tails & Chimichurri Steak (Surf and Turf Recipe)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVJWmm_AQyg

256.  Mac & Blue Cheese with Bacon BY SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpGva-Ye0MQ

257.  Mac & Cheese Bun  Roll  Cheesy Thing from Heaven  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aieAX9pdgI

258.  MAC & CHEESE PIZZA  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjOg2ZjMQSc

259.  Machaca  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-AurdLOf7o

260.  MAKING A DEEP FRIED BACON DOUBLE CHEESEBURGER  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffabAW7HcBs

261.  MAKING A GIANT MEATBALL SUB  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tc4L85OyWQ

262.  MAKING JAMBALAYA (EASY ONE POT CAJUN DINNER)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNGNj5GFBQI

263.  MAKING MY FAVORITE (FORMER) ITEM AT TACO BELL - THE DOUBLE DECKER  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agybvsxjNDc

264.  MAKING MY NEW BREAKFAST BURRITO - IT'S 'WORTH THE HANGOVER'!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18S880mu14g

265.  MAKING MY NEW CUSTOM HOT DOG (THE MR. MIYAGI) YOU CAN ORDER RIGHT NOW   SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdiK3mWN8Ww

266.  MAKING THE NEW (LIMITED EDITION) SHAKE SHACK BURGER FROM ASIA... AT HOME!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-cnGaqePhs

267.  Maple Bacon Cornbread recipe by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpDKx61eWD0

268.  Maybe the Best Cedar Plank Salmon Ever  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbF401Q-Rls

269.  Mayo Cheese Bread  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0wygxSkPGk

270.  MEATBALL STROGANOFF (BETTER THAN TRADITIONAL BEEF STROGANOFF)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DGODq8vmhk

271.  Mediterranean Day  TV Episode  Sam The Cooking Guy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SysmbQpKTBM

272.  Memorial Day Recipes & Most Traumatic Experience Ever  SAM THE COOKING GUY PODCAST 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afkgaQKIxOE

273.  Mexican Chorizo Torta Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vCp7RIXZmM

274.  Mexican Philly Cheesesteak  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3TqlVGtx-k

275.  Mexican Poutine by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2uly2xwN_I

276.  Mini Cheese & Onion Pies  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gK8xHnPax-c

277.  Miso & Ginger Salad Dressing by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=705xBAUx8v8

278.  MUNCHIES THE THIRD, RETURN OF THE MUNCHIES....AGAIN  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g3vEx-N0lU

279.  MUNCHIES, THE SEQUEL RETURN OF THE MUNCHIES  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiaMR0onCR8

280.  My Morning Walk in Manhattan  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJzCqM1RDKo

281.  Nashville Hot Chicken  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MgDVxKsLlw

282.  NASHVILLE HOT CHICKEN AND WAFFLES (BETTER THAN KFC!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXtCcT8gcl4

283.  NASHVILLE HOT STEAK  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6hYGbR9708

284.  NASHVILLE HOT TURKEY (BC WHO WANTS DRY TURKEY AT THANKSGIVING)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUxhyjyR8NM

285.  NASHVILLE HOT WINGS (SMOKED THEN DEEP FRIED!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2bbCGLSKEE

286.  Not So Healthy Day  TV Episode  Sam The Cooking Guy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cia9Dg_eAc8

287.  Old School Chicken Alfredo Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROFRjeCcda4

288.  ONE PAN CHICKEN DINNER (KETO)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbBiGFM8JEc

289.  ONE PAN EGG SANDWICHTOAST (4 EASY & EPIC RECIPES!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbpIWRfQKkc

290.  OUR BIGGEST GIVEAWAY EVER...  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilMyY9tlqPU

291.  Oven Smoked Beef Ribs  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2q7Affa3uQ

292.  PALMIERES by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBA_5O-_t1w

293.  Pantry Day TV episode  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nPtDiIpfc0

294.  Pasta Aglio e Olio with Blackened Chicken  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwt1-Udyf0M

295.  PASTRAMI FRENCH DIP SANDWICH  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5MDtcS1VAU

296.  Pastrami Reuben by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFRpe4zfcwM

297.  Pastrami Reuben Sandwich - SAM THE COOKING GUY recipe video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXaoHC-_Ft4

298.  PEANUT BUTTER STEAK (MY NEW FAVORITE STEAK RECIPE)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rzw7FsB3f8g

299.  Perfect (and Foolproof) Ribs Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGYyTv-54gs

300.  Perfect Filet Mignon Steakhouse Dinner  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtqSWqv0hls

301.  PERFECT PENNE BOLOGNESE, WOW!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGt4fHT9UUc

302.  PERFECT RIBS for your Dinner Party  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtmjT4L_T0o

303.  Perfect Scrambled Eggs  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYLFUBacA5g

304.  Perfect Soft Boiled Egg Every Time  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLLanAKtdm0

305.  PERFECT TRI TIP ON THE GRILL (EASY STEAK RECIPE!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZldN2Upe94

306.  Perfectly Cooked 3.5 Pound Tomahawk Ribeye Steak  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIVpM_16N-s

307.  Perfectly Cooked Asian Burger  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpbooQFvXZs

308.  Perfectly Cooked Porterhouse Steak  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VI51KUzOpI0

309.  Pesto Garlic Bread and Pesto Salmon Recipes  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gwu4uFtxACs

310.  PICANHA STEAK SANDWICH  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hSw-utpjYc

311.  Pierogi Nachos  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=padymH7gXZg

312.  PIZZA FRIES (BECAUSE WHY NOT)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PXiLZulCRI

313.  Popeyes Chicken Sandwich - But Homemade... & WAY Better!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuczaAVBur4

314.  Pumpkin Sage Gnocchi  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlDwmlRLhDE

315.  Putting Taco Bell's 7-Layer Burrito To Shame! 10-Layer Steak Quesadilla  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKdvQF5HLVw

316.  QUARANTINE (LOCKDOWN) MUNCHIES - 5 QUICK & EASY RECIPES FROM THE PANTRY  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1948320).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0GMUXSdYaI

317.  QUARANTINE (LOCKDOWN) MUNCHIES - 5 QUICK & EASY RECIPES FROM THE PANTRY  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0GMUXSdYaI

318.  QUARANTINE (LOCKDOWN) MUNCHIES - PART 2  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ypk0-zH8Oc

319.  QUARANTINE (LOCKDOWN) MUNCHIES PART 3 - PASTA  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAtsH-IVcCY

320.  QUARANTINE (LOCKDOWN) MUNCHIES PART 4 - EGGS ??  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G--J4puecs0

321.  QUARANTINE (LOCKDOWN) MUNCHIES PART 5 - POTATOES!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46ceIBxsheY

322.  QUARANTINELOCKDOWN MUNCHIES 4 QUICK & EASY RAMEN RECIPES  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJGGxhLXqVE

323.  Quick & Easy Pastrami Wrap  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U18g9uhNS3w

324.  QUICK & EASY QUARANTINE CHICKEN SANDWICH RECIPE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxRh-dn00Rw

325.  Quick and Easy Donuts at Home  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K29LtLY98T0

326.  Quick and Easy Pasta Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXYz_-SxzQw

327.  Quick and Easy Ramen Stir Fry  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YlE5mJsEhI

328.  Quick and Easy Tequila Lime Shrimp Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbcMptj4LUA

329.  Quick and Simple Pesto Pizza  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yePF76fnNWA

330.  Quick Asian Chicken Broth  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ee8jUr4Qowg

331.  Quick Asian Noodles  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6827J7NfOM

332.  Quick BBQ Chicken Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzv6MI7bUvY

333.  Quick Chicken Satay  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cLFXo_ooiw

334.  Quick Chocolate Bananas  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KlkO6S0ugE

335.  Quick Homemade Hot & Sour Soup  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7PnPariFHs

336.  Quick Recipe for Chicken Stir Fry  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXPRVpQerXY

337.  Quick Roasted Corn recipe by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSW5LiXvp30

338.  Quick Yogurt Chicken  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_zQryNKx1o

339.  Reacting to My Cringey First Video  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vof_O-jU5FU

340.  RED (CHIMICHURRI) CARNE ASADA  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-XLA8b4fA4

341.  RIBS (3 WAYS!) ON THE PIT BARREL COOKER  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3z1CTN8fTQ

342.  Salmon with Garlic Butter Sauce  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSOd8r4wjec

343.  SALT BAE Secret Steak Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8XjcHioVRg

344.  Sam Reads Mean Comments from Haters   SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4_HlBMuadI

345.  Sam Talks Japan & Answers ALL Your Burning Questions  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smCgyxbcSjk

346.  Sam the Cooking Guy Behind the Scenes  MAX'S VLOG EP1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3IJAifap-8

347.  SAM THE COOKING GUY eats Petco Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDTH4RxIt_4

348.  Sam The Cooking Guy TV Mini Season Promo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfrS6ZnXW_o

349.  SAM'S 10 DAYS OF GETTING  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7Uy0mFkL6k

350.  Sam's Wife Kelly's Famous Salad Dressing  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoU6WdT0aVM

351.  Sausage & Ricotta Casarecce  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XE2Ot7XIvi4

352.  Sea Bass with Parsley Cream Sauce  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IwDnHZw7pU

353.  SHAKE SHACK'S SHACK STACK (aka THE WAP BURGER)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-3aSyHSces

354.  Shepherds Pie - with Tots  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDJEYWAC6jU

355.  Shrimp & (CHEESY) Grits! Quick & Easy Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1021450).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxUfnDYxgjM

356.  Shrimp & (CHEESY) Grits! Quick & Easy Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1732513).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxUfnDYxgjM

357.  Shrimp & (CHEESY) Grits! Quick & Easy Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1845598).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxUfnDYxgjM

358.  Shrimp & (CHEESY) Grits! Quick & Easy Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxUfnDYxgjM

359.  Simple & Delicious Huli Huli Chicken Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cPheJHYlZk

360.  Simple 5 Minute Beer Bread  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2Q9gkgd3cw

361.  Simple and Delicious Sopa De Fideo Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVCZkkI0EUI

362.  Simple Chinese Recipe Spicy Honey Shrimp  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6o2lGxCheDk

363.  Simple Crispy Roasted Potatoes Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0q_fZSq2kxo

364.  Simple Grilled Sriracha Garlic Butter Wings  SAM THE COOKING GUY (1683877).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dePAu1OldAw

365.  Simple Grilled Sriracha Garlic Butter Wings  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7aLjfNRA5Y

366.  Simple Homemade Cheater Cassoulet  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0WJXnWVxoc

367.  Smoked Pulled Pork Mac and Cheese  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_7Xve6Ig6M

368.  Sour Cream and Onion Hot Dogs  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQ2VW-m9awo

369.  SPICY (VODKA) PASTA AND GARLIC BREAD DINNER  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA_u2_LCKG0

370.  SPICY CHEESY CHICKEN SKILLET IN ONE PAN!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtIN3czFpFQ

371.  SPICY GARLIC BUTTER PASTA  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3yG6kO73lg

372.  SPICY GARLIC FRIED CHICKEN  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiB6yTIFfFg

373.  Spicy Korean Fire Chicken - the Best Whole Chicken Recipe EVER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AvwtESN530E

374.  SPICY SAUSAGE PIZZA (COOKED IN OUR NEW CAST IRON PAN!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84Y5kl0lcvc

375.  Spinach & Feta Soufflé  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRKyPUknuxE

376.  STCG AT HOME EDITION... LOCKDOWNQUARANTINE VLOG  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeppK467tiQ

377.  Steak and Eggs Breakfast Burrito  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGD1K-hrcls

378.  Steak and Eggs Breakfast Skillet  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p163jQLW5Z0

379.  STEAK DIANE - THE BEST OLD SCHOOL STEAK RECIPE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTe_44ao82w

380.  STEAK SANDWICH MADE WITH GARLIC JALAPEÑO BUTTER  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9F4VN2LiO8

381.  Steak with Blue Cheese Butter & Grilled Onions  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ed9-tNCEJ6s

382.  Stir Fried Veggie Cous Cous recipe by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkEGPlaE5F8

383.  Stuffed & Braided Buffalo Chicken Pizza  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MC55_x9nrNY

384.  STUFFED CHEESEBURGERS COOKED ON A SALT BLOCK!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiruLw70gSw

385.  SUBWAY Sweet Onion Chicken Teriyaki Sandwich...But Homemade & WAY BETTER! SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JSLM43zdHA

386.  Summer Time Beers  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbwR-VZYNoI

387.  Swedish Meatballs  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMmwUll1K1E

388.  Sweet and Sour Meatballs by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVp5XKWJk8Q

389.  Sweet Potato Hash Browns recipe by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvGnIj9aIn4

390.  TACO BELL'S BEEFY 5 LAYER BURRITO....BUT HOMEMADE & WAY BETTER!   SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNBWdAZ923Y

391.  TACO BELL'S NAKED CHICKEN CHALUPA....BUT HOMEMADE & WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RC3LvJqm4uY

392.  Tacos Like You've Never Seen Before  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmUOaaOpGFo

393.  TAILGATE DAY TV EP  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MM8DRAj8dCg

394.  TAKING GARLIC BUTTER NOODLES TO THE NEXT LEVEL  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nE2p4OqYLKc

395.  TEXAS STYLE SMOKED BRISKET AT HOME  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_qaThFqd0A

396.  TEXAS STYLE SMOKED BRISKET AT HOME (NON REVERSE VERSION)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odtbfCu58mM

397.  THAI BEEF STIR FRY (FROM MY NEW BOOK!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJB5MRfk-zk

398.  Thanksgiving Leftovers Stuffing Omelette  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywBYXR-tdPQ

399.  THANKSGIVING STUFFING OMELETTE  (LEFTOVERS GAME CHANGER)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ih79yK1h3wA

400.  THE 4TH OF JULY BBQ BURGER (CELEBRATING AMERICA THE RIGHT WAY...)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faP4WgK5FSM

401.  THE ABSOLUTE BEST (SPICY!) ROAST BEEF SANDWICH  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quk1tFCcLR0

402.  THE ARBY'S BEEF 'N CHEDDAR...BUT HOMEMADE & WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4j3zjcYJZ8

403.  THE BEST (CHICKEN) CALIFORNIA BURRITO  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOM5ItYsgRA

404.  The Best (Eggs Benedict) Breakfast Burger  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9J8P2q3mRg

405.  The Best (Homemade) Loaded French Fries  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4k5D02ykzg

406.  The Best (Slow Cooker) BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syzKfSZiKEA

407.  THE BEST (SPICY) CHEESESTEAK FRIES  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNRB-nwGJH8

408.  THE BEST (SPICY) CHILI CHEESE FRIES  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHD_ZMbAsUU

409.  The Best 5050 Burger (with Brisket!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRMHR5KMVk0

410.  The Best Avocado Egg Toast  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1Bi_pR9OHg

411.  THE BEST BACON WRAPPED JALAPEÑO POPPERS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFZDnn3mPO0

412.  The Best Baked Lobster Mac and Cheese  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoDrNjsGL8s

413.  THE BEST BANANA BREAD RECIPE (WITH A SPECIAL FINISHING TOUCH!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1570765).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49dILwhbsfc

414.  THE BEST BANANA BREAD RECIPE (WITH A SPECIAL FINISHING TOUCH!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49dILwhbsfc

415.  THE BEST BBQ BOURBON CHICKEN  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1862099).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bofQbiUPKXA

416.  THE BEST BBQ BOURBON CHICKEN  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bofQbiUPKXA

417.  THE BEST BBQ CHICKEN SLIDERS  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nlb_hPQL2M

418.  The Best Beef Burrito Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iolfMmCkP3M

419.  The Best Beef Chow Mein  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vD6W_lhRS3U

420.  The Best Beef Stroganoff  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1940927).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJg4AS4uVWk

421.  The Best Beef Stroganoff  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJg4AS4uVWk

422.  THE BEST BEER CAN (STUFFED) BURGERS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdBi-CbLlx4

423.  The Best Beer Can Chicken - Smoked on My Traeger Grill  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPoVFUkzx2k

424.  The Best Black Cod Recipe Ever  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCBnTGA8DZY

425.  The Best BLT Sandwich EVER  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AXG6NXTsBU

426.  The Best Braised Short Ribs  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfAe3Axrw7I

427.  The Best Breakfast Burrito  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFqxyNsLuBQ

428.  The Best Breakfast Burrito You've Never Had  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQo5_jjyjns

429.  The Best Breakfast Potatoes  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbjUIqMErjU

430.  The Best Breakfast Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OumKzmGH4To

431.  The Best Breakfast Sandwich I've Ever Made  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n16OkDXLtYQ

432.  THE BEST BREAKFAST TACOS (BREAKFAST BURRITOS, MOVE ASIDE!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SCcoP3530YI

433.  The Best Buffalo Chicken Pizza  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9KoCnpmyLI

434.  The Best Burger I've Ever Made  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5cI4tByzE0

435.  THE BEST BURGER I'VE EVER MADE (v2.0)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7f-P6JaWSA

436.  The Best California Burrito  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Co2Zvj_3_k

437.  The Best Calzone (Pizza Pocket) Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6E42nIgOtv0

438.  The Best Caprese Grilled Cheese  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYZNP9IPN5U

439.  The Best Carne Asada  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhW7nSvLJ9Y

440.  The Best Carne Asada Burrito  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izCp8PJHdZg

441.  THE BEST CARNE ASADA TACOS I'VE EVER MADE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1776511).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIViZkJDEmM

442.  THE BEST CARNE ASADA TACOS I'VE EVER MADE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIViZkJDEmM

443.  The Best Cheesesteak Sliders  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEH0AJDUQPE

444.  THE BEST CHICKEN BACON HOTDISH! (QUARANTINE COOKING)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1456313).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKkiSjVXuDs

445.  THE BEST CHICKEN BACON HOTDISH! (QUARANTINE COOKING)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKkiSjVXuDs

446.  THE BEST CHICKEN BURRITO I'VE EVER MADE (ALFREDO...WOW!)   SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bh_bqgnkwY

447.  The Best Chicken Club Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQKJg9THXM4

448.  The Best Chicken Enchiladas  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgipWzycmF0

449.  THE BEST CHICKEN LOLLIPOPS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPSzKsh9tNI

450.  The Best Chicken Noodle Soup I've EVER Made  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtCVEKqBztc

451.  The Best Chicken Salad Sandwich I've EVER Made  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB5559o0sCM

452.  THE BEST CHILI DOG IVE EVER MADE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pk1q_i76oSE

453.  The Best Chili I've Ever Made  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Dbmn-Cgezs

454.  The Best Chopped Kale Salad  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0oCVyuIM5o

455.  The Best Creamy Mashed Potatoes  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BKCQWZFBNc

456.  THE BEST CRUNCHWRAP RECIPE - CHICKEN BACON RANCH!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOK4scVEli8

457.  The Best Crunchwrap Supreme at Home  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOXQT9lCEIY

458.  The Best Cuban Sandwich (Cubano Recipe)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj5kgvnzxDo

459.  THE BEST DEEP FRIED CHICKEN DRUMSTICKS  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud28aN6KK7A

460.  THE BEST DESSERT YOU'RE GOING TO MAKE ALL SUMMER (HINT IT'S GRILLED...)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfpTNnOkfc8

461.  The Best Dinner Rolls  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEIcvEEbcwc

462.  The Best Double Pork Burger (on a Bagel)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hvw_kWCwymY

463.  The Best Egg Salad Sandwich with Shrimp and Bacon  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fh2GsyI-l5A

464.  The Best Enchiladas EVER  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDN1-Y166fo

465.  The Best Fast Food in Japan - I tried it ALL... Here's My Review  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QguuyJnmAo

466.  The Best Fettuccine Alfredo with Chicken  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y6xcuru3V0

467.  The Best Fish Stick Burrito  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3mni2VgV0c

468.  The Best FIVE GUYS Burger at Home  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2voTz16Rng

469.  THE BEST FLANK STEAK RECIPE - STUFFED, ROLLED & GRILLED!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ST_RV_xjJk

470.  The Best Fried Chicken and Jalapeño Cornbread Waffles  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coHZJx_1-Jw

471.  The Best Fried Chicken Breakfast Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1284634).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOtwH5ntrwo

472.  The Best Fried Chicken Breakfast Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1422586).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOtwH5ntrwo

473.  The Best Fried Chicken Breakfast Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOtwH5ntrwo

474.  The Best Fried Chicken Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4jncuU9VpI

475.  The Best Garlic Cheese Fries Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNjX8eWeuyM

476.  The Best Giant Burger  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IuCEn8tQi4

477.  The Best Gochujang Bacon Fried Rice  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CSqZhmY4e4

478.  The Best Grilled Cheese Sandwich I've Ever Made  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLe9Rqq78rA

479.  The Best Grilled Chicken - 3 Easy Recipes!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1HdJvx4ZlM

480.  The Best Grilled Chicken Breast  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lz-IV2Z16j0

481.  THE BEST GRILLED CHICKEN I'VE EVER MADE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5h974fXFFHE

482.  The Best Grilled Chicken I've Ever Made - Jamaican Jerk Chicken  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5wbKFcLrJQ

483.  The Best Grilled Donut Dessert Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHw0Im7kkCM

484.  The Best Grilled Ham and Cheese Ever  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvfFxe3bG0k

485.  The Best Grilled Vegetables EVER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkqyNi5n380

486.  The Best Hawaiian Burger (Loco Moco)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTi0UTIp-2o

487.  The Best Homemade Big Mac (with Wagyu Beef!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxVmyC5xqUE

488.  The Best Homemade Egg McMuffin  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8LrctI3mng

489.  The Best Homemade Filet-O-Fish  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnSZ1fN2RNM

490.  The Best Homemade French Fries  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOlJ18p7bt0

491.  The Best Homemade General Tso's Chicken  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5Ow87-q1gA

492.  The Best Homemade McRib Sliders  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqL04h_6mkg

493.  THE BEST HOMEMADE PAN PIZZA  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6ZGaBHkmPg

494.  The Best Homemade Rotisserie Chicken  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyUMWRn3GBE

495.  THE BEST HONEY BBQ CHICKEN MELT  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1986776).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiISz6ZZ0u8

496.  THE BEST HONEY BBQ CHICKEN MELT  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiISz6ZZ0u8

497.  The Best Hot Dog Recipe - with Homemade Garlic Fries!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcQR3hNc2mA

498.  The Best Jalapeño Burger Ever  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Osy3Pf2QpM

499.  The Best Kalua Pulled Pork (+ Hawaiian Style Sliders)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b5JY9BOQ8g

500.  The Best Korean Short Ribs  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fyf9qSCUePk

501.  The Best Kung Pao Chicken  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYKYFRi5lpU

502.  THE BEST LEMON GARLIC CHICKEN  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0T9TN7_HII

503.  The Best Lobster Poutine  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPGXjwsguyE

504.  THE BEST MAC & CHEESE BURGER (FORGET ALL THE OTHERS!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yy149TatZJY

505.  THE BEST MAC & CHEESE MADE WITH WHAT YOU HAVE LEFT  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCkJHGQbWlE

506.  The Best Meatball Sub Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08cKidRl5Wk

507.  The Best Miso Marinated Flank Steak Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2RWqB0OGtQ

508.  THE BEST MONTE CRISTO SANDWICH  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bihglIP42c

509.  The Best Munchies - 6 Quick & Easy Recipes  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5KidgLsaeQ

510.  The Best Mushroom Lasagna  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubKF0vwf5EU

511.  The Best Nachos Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdY2cALM6-4

512.  The Best Noodle Kugel Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGC_j82nADs

513.  THE BEST ONE PAN CHICKEN & RICE DINNER (SPICY JERK!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNrSGYeYJ_E

514.  THE BEST ONE PAN STEAK DINNER THAT WILL DEF GET YOU #^&!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zzrg8ADuaM

515.  The Best Pastrami and Gravy Benedict  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lchcUGZCeQ

516.  The Best Patty Melt Ever  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCXeEhke84I

517.  The Best Philly Cheesesteak Recipe - Cheese Whiz vs. Provolone  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOHhh48aEdc

518.  THE BEST PHILLY CHEESESTEAK SLOPPY JOES  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1KN4b86Pkw

519.  The Best Pizza I've Ever Made - Homemade New York Pizza  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5287rvIpEOY

520.  THE BEST PORK RECIPE YOU'VE NEVER HAD - PORK MILANESE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glS8uZgjWzc

521.  The Best Pork Tenderloin Sliders I've Ever Made  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_Yz3XUQMgs

522.  The Best Queso Fundido (Mexican Cheese Dip)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdkJNj1ziyM

523.  The Best Quick & Easy Dinner - One Pan Steak & Roasted Veggies  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShvvK7dD8gI

524.  The Best Quick & Easy Grilled Shrimp Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Qtej4Yioeo

525.  The Best Real McRib Youll Ever Have  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zitn2X9hrQ8

526.  The Best Reuben Sandwich (Ever!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyMul7Gdgfg

527.  THE BEST RIBS I'VE EVER MADE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1493703).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDxPJ56m4SI

528.  THE BEST RIBS I'VE EVER MADE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDxPJ56m4SI

529.  THE BEST SANDWICH I'VE EVER MADE - (SPICY!) CHICKEN BACON RANCH  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jRsLu5Ie1A

530.  The Best Savory Pancakes with Pulled Pork  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJoKoZDZrn4

531.  The Best Seared Tuna You'll Ever Make  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r54pb4hZakg

532.  THE BEST SHEET PAN NACHOS & MARGARITAS FOR CINCO DE MAYO!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFqeowepV3k

533.  THE BEST SHEPHERD'S PIE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmUPJhL55bI

534.  The Best Shrimp Po' Boy  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQqGpqNu6_4

535.  The Best Sloppy Joe Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFlUUYkk1lw

536.  The Best Smoked Pork Tenderloin Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkmuipBdowY

537.  The Best Sour Cream Trick Ever by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYPhNYb_d8I

538.  THE BEST SPAGHETTI AND MEATBALLS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wd0AYwxW2zg

539.  THE BEST SPICY CHICKEN PASTA  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dovhUCtG1s

540.  THE BEST SPICY CHICKEN SANDWICH  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-k3l6PTSrDE

541.  The Best Steak & Eggs Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThcsyHy0MlE

542.  The Best Steak and Shrimp Dinner  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJ6MbarEhZ4

543.  The Best Steak EVER Starts with this Beef Tenderloin Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5rS1uYJxDY

544.  The Best Steak Fajitas - Easy Mexican Food Favorite  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6132TTPwCmc

545.  THE BEST STEAK FRITES (W WAGYU BEEF!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtImhRShqUI

546.  The Best Steak I've Ever Made - Picanha on my NEW Argentinian Grill  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOPaL-T3b_Q

547.  The Best Steak Quesadilla  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcMBkYNu8Aw

548.  THE BEST STEAK SALAD I'VE EVER MADE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzDI9fawicw

549.  The Best Stuffed Burger - Cheesy Jalapeño Style  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKrKQYddnh4

550.  The Best Stuffed Crust GARLIC BREAD Pizza  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tU5pgqVV4QM

551.  The Best Surf and Turf Burrito (Steak & Shrimp)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQCAHMVJlcQ

552.  The Best Teriyaki Burger  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz-s17DhaIg

553.  The Best Teriyaki Chicken I've Ever Made  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uz_d4z68lCQ

554.  The Best Thanksgiving Leftovers Turkey Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxqYvL7hGlw

555.  The Best Tuna Melt Sandwich I've Ever Made  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTEABb1Ck_U

556.  THE BEST TURKEY BURGERS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIY3kQ5ZFjQ

557.  The Best Way to Cook a Thanksgiving Turkey  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LF8Q8tN3rQ4

558.  The Best Way to Cook Perfect Bacon  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpZMIU96vbE

559.  The Best Way to Deep Fry a Thanksgiving Turkey - We Tried them ALL!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtrLLb5NOfw

560.  THE BEST WAYS TO SHARPEN YOUR KITCHEN KNIFE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orCnA8V-e-o

561.  The Best Western Bacon Cheeseburger Ever  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3hcDHnVvPg

562.  The Best Whipping Cream EVER  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l68c0bqk6Cs

563.  The Best White Castle Sliders Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xN_V5Dv5po

564.  THE BLOOMING ONION FROM OUTBACK STEAKHOUSE...BUT HOMEMADE & WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPDOJszaqgg

565.  THE BURGERITTO (BURGER OR BURRITO OR BOTH)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3azI9OuiII

566.  The Butter Burger (Juiciest Burger Ever!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIErqYP8KNU

567.  The Easiest Hollandaise Sauce  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdcJ6QvUukU

568.  THE FAT BUBBA (SANDWICH OR BURRITO)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIvVOJ9X5UU

569.  THE FILET MIGNON BURRITO  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDQ9qw8Cgcg

570.  THE FRENCH DIP BURGER (PREPARE YOURSELF!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h14j-lgXpg4

571.  The GODFATHER of Sandwich Recipes - Baked Italian SubHoagieHero  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tuv-tgvOno

572.  THE GRILLED CHICKEN DINNER THAT MY WIFE AND I CAN'T STOP MAKING...  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dlLQ6L4it4

573.  THE HONEY BUTTER CHICKEN BISCUIT  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSEqMoMKbFM

574.  The JUICIEST Baked Chicken Recipe You'll EVER Make  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WliOsHc3-Tk

575.  THE KFC BUCKET OF FRIED CHICKEN...BUT HOMEMADE & WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-06GmP98rk

576.  THE LEGENDARY CLUB SANDWICH  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjPWrA4cbRk

577.  THE LEGENDARY GARBAGE PLATE AT HOME!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqZ6N5f4B6M

578.  The Luther Burger - Best Donut Bacon Cheeseburger  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmeNF10iyHU

579.  THE MCGRIDDLE FROM MCDONALD'S...BUT HOMEMADE & WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxKj_jOevm0

580.  THE MCRIB AT HOME (JUST WAY BIGGER AND WAY BETTER THAN YOU'VE EVER HAD!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-_82YsqxHE

581.  THE MEATBALL WELLINGTON  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWxm_eogdRQ

582.  THE MIDWESTS ANSWER TO THE SLOPPY JOE - THE LOOSE MEAT SANDWICH  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktPlSletkmc

583.  The Moistmaker - Ultimate Thanksgiving Leftovers Turkey Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X092TF5l2a4

584.  The Most Expensive Sandwich I've Ever Made - Wagyu Katsu Sando  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bjugVOjF7I

585.  THE NASHVILLE HOT BREAKFAST BURRITO  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwC8AvRTz-4

586.  THE NOT SO BASIC BURGER AKA 'THE BEST BURGER I'VE EVER MADE' NOW @ SAMBURGERS!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQaz6I2DhNk

587.  THE OKLAHOMA ONION BURGER (WOW!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPuVIng1hNw

588.  THE PARMO (BETTER THAN A CHICKEN PARM)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LUz01QXRiE

589.  THE PARMO PIZZA  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTUkHFth72g

590.  The Peanut Butter Burger (Best PB&J Ever!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNUit0S-Mt8

591.  THE PERFECT BREAKFAST BURRITO  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjP1golyBf4

592.  THE PERFECT FRIED EGG BREAKFAST SANDWICH  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1035272).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnyT5viG7h0

593.  THE PERFECT FRIED EGG BREAKFAST SANDWICH  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnyT5viG7h0

594.  The Perfect Sweet Potato Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xue0PKX3H40

595.  The Perfect Tri Tip in the Oven  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvKvjE2rlco

596.  THE TEXAS TOAST GARLIC BREAD DOUBLE BURGER AT HOME  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1eYqehG0lo

597.  THE TIME HAS FINALLY COME FOR MAX TO GET IN THE KITCHEN...  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9Xu_cgsfIM

598.  The Tower of Breakfast (Epic Game of Food Jenga!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSBWHKHetxI

599.  The Ultimate American Breakfast  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2b47rRHOJw

600.  THE ULTIMATE BBQ PORK SANDWICH  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vu91E4WMJs

601.  THE ULTIMATE BEAN & CHEESE BURRITO RECIPE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ro9A3h3d_aQ

602.  THE ULTIMATE BLOODY MARY  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTEhhUfmHVk

603.  The Ultimate Breakfast for MEAT LOVERS  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLn8ekZ4b2s

604.  The Ultimate Breakfast Philly Cheesesteak  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxPu9h6pVXc

605.  The Ultimate Breakfast Poutine  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oxlFwftgkU

606.  The Ultimate Breakfast Sandwich - Homemade Eggslut Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4Xvjv7d3Dg

607.  The Ultimate Brisket Burger  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KYpfxw2juc

608.  THE ULTIMATE CHEESY SMASHED BURGER  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vhi3T4NRkHA

609.  THE ULTIMATE CHICKEN QUESADILLA  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_IYQcfjVPIw

610.  THE ULTIMATE CHICKEN VIDEO (5 EASY TECHNIQUES EVERYONE SHOULD KNOW)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo2uP8UNWeE

611.  THE ULTIMATE CHOWDER FRIES  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZFyAkIXkGY

612.  THE ULTIMATE CURLY FRIES RECIPE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K (1524525).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwxNxPSfK28

613.  THE ULTIMATE CURLY FRIES RECIPE  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwxNxPSfK28

614.  The Ultimate Fridge Fried Rice  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhjyHhYKsUk

615.  The Ultimate Fried Fair Food - Fry Bread 5 Ways  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Fgtqk5c9-A

616.  The Ultimate Grilled Lobster Roll  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hp1p3IfHfBw

617.  THE ULTIMATE PARTY APPETIZERS  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JadG1eYwi8

618.  The Ultimate Roasted Pork Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaGeoHUjQHU

619.  THE ULTIMATE SHEET PAN PEPPERONI PIZZA  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzZtriR_lxQ

620.  The Ultimate Steak Sandwich (Giant Party Sub!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FL-KTQi6yeQ

621.  THE WINNER OF THE $3500 EVO GRILL IS....  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBAJBLxH1lw

622.  The World's Best Fried Egg Sandwich Recipe SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgtllpY-5WI

623.  The Worlds Best Guacamole Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcnYLdwmXEo

624.  TINY TACOS FROM JACK IN THE BOX...BUT HOMEMADE & WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sd8n1ojCGqE

625.  Tomato & Goat Cheese  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGEk6ux3VTg

626.  TOP 10 Things to Eat & Drink in Tokyo - Japan Travel Guide (Part 1)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2__Bw_rBo4

627.  TOP 10 Things to Eat & Drink in Tokyo - Japan Travel Guide (Part 2)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1hmWQZqhoo

628.  Top 10 Things to Eat in London Best British Food  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIes8pQWSFQ

629.  Tour of My Kitchen  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChVv2DtLEls

630.  Truffle Burger Sliders (with Wagyu Beef!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3ODBK283ko

631.  Turkey, Bacon, Stuffing & Mashed Potato Cake  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_HhhBSMu9k

632.  Ultimate French Dip Steak Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3hDwESofW4

633.  Ultimate Garlic Bread Horseshoe Sandwich  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iW9EUIS4SVw

634.  Ultimate Vietnamese Banh Mi Sandwich Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtWRvzA0SoM

635.  Upgrade Your Bacon  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWwTXHR-BUA

636.  Viewer Voted Stuffed Burgers  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Gk2q1U1BqU

637.  WAGYU Beef Brisket - My (Secret!) Family Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96jnvCvvB1Y

638.  WAGYU POT ROAST (NOT YOUR GRANDMOTHER'S RECIPE!)  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmFe94fu8To

639.  Wagyu Steak au Poivre - Pepper Steak Recipe  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0Yno-M8y78

640.  WARM & BUTTERY LOBSTER ROLLS AT HOME  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqM8zWTfCfU

641.  Warm Cabbage Salad  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GnYlhQQwxg

642.  Warm Scallop Salad recipe by SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVboLlBIi5g

643.  WE MADE WENDY'S BRAND NEW BREAKFAST BACONATOR - WORTH IT!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B27MktuN9bQ

644.  We Recreated ALL the Items on McDonald's International Menu!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ec0vVdMrhyQ

645.  Wendy's Baconator Burger - But Homemade... & WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrBHd1Y4hT8

646.  WENDY'S PRETZEL BACON PUB CHEESEBURGER - BUT HOMEMADE...& WAY BETTER!  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDv_13nljrw

647.  What to Do with Pork Tenderloin  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oyCAQZn6Mw

648.  What to DOEAT in Kauai - Day #1  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRR1vMFdpwM

649.  What to Eat in Helsinki, Finland  SAM THE COOKING GUY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOFOyMtA90w

650.  Whole Fried Chicken (Buffalo Style)  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NELZD5LwRJY

651.  World's Greatest Meatloaf Recipe + the Best Leftover Ideas  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eetig_xvnn4

652.  You Won't Believe Who Won the 1,000,000 Subscriber Giveaway....  SAM THE COOKING GUY 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzYoHZDGsrM
POPULAR VIDEOS  SAM THE COOKING GUY