
21.  A Car That Talks And Listens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4ee9vusF9M

23.  Check Engine Light On and How to Fix It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSubYm7_e0s

26.  Electrical Troubleshooting in Your Car with Power Probe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyN6U3JUR6w

30.  Fuel Efficient Full Size Pick Up Truck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfDUJ8qnkz4

35.  How to Change Automatic Transmission Fluid in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-nhSpJjYyE

41.  How To Change Engine Oil In Your Motorcycle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2cx16Pq6iM

48.  How To Change Spark Plugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpNjZgM8MD0

56.  How to Check a Wheel Bearing in Your Car (Replacement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbsUTESwOMY

65.  How To Check The Compression Of An Engine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovvXnd7AhiU

75.  How to Clean EGR System in Your Car (Low Flow Code P0401).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgfT3kuY8lc

86.  How to Clean Your Car's Catalytic Converter using Lacquer Thinner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5icTmYItwiE

98.  How to Find AC Leaks in Your Car (AC Hose Replacement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pflucFXDuCU

111.  How to Find Noises in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqh1oH8mEqY

125.  How to Find Oil Leaks in Your Car and Fix Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYzTyTlnsr8

140.  How to Find Power Steering Leak in Your Car (Hose Replacement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1boEHtawcM

156.  How To Find The Right Car Repair Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRXebs6SM1g

173.  How to Find Vacuum Leaks With a Cigar (Life Hack).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMok2y05jNE

191.  How to Fix a Brake Pedal that Sinks in Your Car (Brake Master).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzS4VOJwTCU

210.  How to Fix a Car That Cranks But Doesn't Start.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=064Ilsz8Fzg

230.  How to Fix a Car that Creaks in the Back (Sway Bar Bushings).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WQ2USMPV1g

251.  How to Fix a Car that Pulls to One Side (Tire Rotation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulA-P9c20sk

273.  How to Fix a Car that Randomly Dies while Driving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwlruD4JXmY

296.  How to Fix a Drive Shaft (U-Joint Replacement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqSwmwUfoLE

320.  How to Fix a Flat Tire (Tire Plug Kit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RDX2jUfiCc

345.  How to Fix a Head Gasket Leak in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YL9QjN7AcW8

371.  How To Fix a Honda That Died (Distributor Replacement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLA6syjt08o

398.  How to Fix a Low Oil Pressure Light in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpBOxYQtVM8

426.  How to Fix a Oil Seal Leak in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTT0sejhoOQ

455.  How to Fix a Overheating Car Engine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evpaTW2WJ5Y

485.  How to Fix a Random Engine Misfire in Your Car (Code P0300).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyvdWeyDHf4

516.  How to Fix a Slipping Transmission in Your Car (Fluid Change).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjNbeInU6-4

548.  How to Fix Battery Drain in Your Car (Parasitic Draw Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B__DqK90IIc

581.  How to Fix Car AC that Blows Hot Air (AC Compressor).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5xfVyb_p9A

615.  How to Fix Car AC that's Not Blowing Cold Air.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9nt1T6qs4o

650.  How to Fix Car that Overheats in Traffic (Fan Clutch).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5kuYkcXcUE

686.  How to Fix Car with No Electrical Power and Won't Start.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7h5KaX2-Y8

723.  How to Fix Check Engine Light That's On in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeInc7NSrmw

761.  How to Fix Engine Idle Problems in Your Car (Rough Idle).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQpPcdvSBks

800.  How To Fix Leaking AC Lines In Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aW9yj5UJSm4

840.  How to Fix Low Oil Pressure Gauge in Your Car (Oil Pressure Sending Unit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8n8YS6t3qn8

881.  How To Fix Noises Under Your Car's Hood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BFHzVPwfpc

923.  How to Fix Oil on Spark Plugs (Valve Cover Gasket and Tubes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M6xWMMRe0E

966.  How to Fix Power Steering in Your Car (Quick).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjId3bfMBUQ

1010.  How to fix tough car repairs using a borescope.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XU-YW2rfuV8

1055.  How to Fix Windshield Wipers (Motor Replacement) in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_MwHvhb_OQ

1101.  How to Flush a Coolant System in Your Car (the Easy Way).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxm3E5SkHrI

1148.  How To Install Seat Covers In Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn9Qqi8TjrI

1196.  How to Jack Up Your Car (The Right Way).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UpyixFMaH4

1245.  How to Remove a Car Door Panel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB-TlFxgk1o

1295.  How to Remove a Crankshaft Pulley in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7G-adEVjfWI

1346.  How to Remove AC Smells in Your Car (Odor Life Hack).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrVc_FXrbHY

1398.  How to Remove Car Smells in Your Car (Odor Eliminator).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYKN3bypcT0

1451.  How To Remove Car Vent Smells (Odors).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgBQ5ILO_1M

1505.  How to Remove Paint Scratches from Your Car (PERMANENTLY).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxni0iqsP0o

1560.  How to Repair a Cooling Fan in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUuK5t-9fiQ

1616.  How to Replace a Blower Motor in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4edK8fa-Ypg

1673.  How to Replace a Brake Master Cylinder in Your Car (Bleed Brakes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uz4OwuUGVOA

1731.  How to Replace a Catalytic Converter in Your Car (Code P0420).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nmzq7gZJ20

1790.  How to Replace a Clutch in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ppg_70IM_qQ

1850.  How to Replace a Crankshaft Position Sensor in Your Car (Code P0335).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9UwrVNXXzo

1911.  How to Replace a Fuel Pump in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jM6jCMH8w8k

1973.  How to Replace a Intake Manifold Gasket in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0huAd-CusBo

2036.  How to Replace a Mass Air Flow Sensor on Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck5-GHuSApE

2100.  How to Replace a Motor Mount in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2I5QCpbX6Go

2165.  How to Replace a Radiator in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dV4iNwjLav4

2231.  How to Replace a Serpentine Belt in Your Car (Fan Belt).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4aqIiWR9JU

2298.  How to Replace a Starter in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0M2rUPgeDQw

2366.  How To Replace a Valve Cover Gasket.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeH4h0aEmsI

2435.  How To Replace a Water Pump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GPYhQx6aQA

2505.  How to Replace AC Compressor in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ULcit40Ilc

2576.  How to Replace Alternator in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfX-TyuEBOw

2648.  How to Replace an Engine in Your Car (Swap).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiGZT14iO4Q

2721.  How to Replace an Expansion Valve in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkKry31lk1E

2795.  How to Replace Brake Rotors on Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyalDCftJZA

2870.  How to Replace Clutch Master Cylinder in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzpRsCPtT9g

2946.  How to Replace Drum Brakes on Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaJ6X-uxMGM

3023.  How to Replace Fuel Injectors in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEIP9ZYnnRc

3101.  How to Replace Ignition Switch in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMR-a2n05gc

3180.  How to Replace Power Steering Pump in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zVPkhnz6k8

3260.  How to Replace Struts on a Honda.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUjquuIMBvA

3341.  How to Replace Tie Rod Ends in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYIDzXxeNwk

3423.  How to Rewire Power Through Ignition Switch in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAOA5fP4Wvk

3506.  How To Safely Fix Your Own Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Mg3mGIPBYQ

3590.  How To Save When Buying Car Parts (Junkyard).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjGcPIIXEZc

3675.  How to Stop a Engine Oil Leak in Your Car (Oil Pump Seal).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXFbK5Aber8

3761.  How to Stop Car Clunks (Sway Bar Bushing and Links).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP-oP_7zFkk

3848.  How to Stop Steering Wheel from Shaking (Lower Control Arm).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R62cw--wl1E

3936.  How To Stop Unexpected Car Acceleration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeWO0QefnSI

4025.  How to Tell if Your Head Gasket is Blown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QA7KVQq9vKA

4115.  How to Test Fuel Injectors in Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrqyrI5aNl0

4206.  How to use AC Gauges in Your Car (AC Problems).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80jSH8VQZms

4298.  How To Use Google To Fix Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rA_e1xFq6OU

4391.  Hybrid Car Electrical Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYpIjnBGL-E

4485.  Simple Car Maintenance to Prevent Expensive Repairs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaKKSFEsAdI

4580.  The Best Automatic Transmission Fluid for Your Car (Synthetic).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dntD3XmI8DM

4676.  Top 4 Car Guy Gadgets and Tools.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrSsukmnq60

4773.  Top 4 Dumb Things NOT to do to Your Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09o07bh0k-4

4871.  Top 4 Mistakes Car Owners Make (DIY Fails).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLlM0K0Tr8o

4970.  Top 6 Stupid Mistakes Car Owners Make (DIY Fails).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4CEk94cw-Q
Car - Fix problem with your car