
1.  1. Blue Swede - Hooked on a Feeling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrI-UBIB8Jk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

2.  Abba - Dancing Queen (Official Music Video Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFrGuyw1V8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

3.  ABBA - Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEjLoHdbVeE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

4.  Abba - Knowing Me, Knowing You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUrzicaiRLU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

5.  Abba - Take A Chance On Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-crgQGdpZR0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

6.  Abba - Voulez-Vous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=za05HBtGsgU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

7.  Abba - Waterloo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sj_9CiNkkn4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

8.  ACDC - Highway to Hell (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l482T0yNkeo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

9.  ACDC - T.N.T. (Live At River Plate, December 2009).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44XYEeD1A1U&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

10.  ACDC - Touch Too Much (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGftIcp2SC0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

11.  ACDC - Walk All Over You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bP6aVG6L1w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

12.  Al Green - Let's Stay Together (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXx6RDzR6eM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

13.  Al Green - Love and Happiness (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQl54ozhwZg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

14.  America - A horse with no name (clip HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm4BrZjY_Sg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

15.  American Pie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iX_TFkut1PM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

16.  Anne Murray I Just Fall in Love Again (2003).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPZ9p5FdoXQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

17.  Baba O'Riley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIbMbXjbW98&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

18.  Baccara - Yes Sir, I Can Boogie (Starparade 02.06.1977) (VOD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32wDFCM7iSI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

19.  Barry Manilow - Mandy • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XeSQVWleqY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

20.  Bee Gees - How Deep Is Your Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpqqjU7u5Yc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

21.  Bee Gees - Night Fever (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ihs-vT9T3Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

22.  Bee Gees - Stayin' Alive (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_izvAbhExY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

23.  Billy Joel - Honesty (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuFScoO4tb0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

24.  Billy Joel - Piano Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxEPV4kolz0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

25.  BLACK SABBATH - Iron Man (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s7_WbiR79E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

26.  BLACK SABBATH - Paranoid (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qanF-91aJo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

27.  BLACK SABBATH - War Pigs (Live Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ssDXiMLX9o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

28.  Blondie - Heart Of Glass (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGU_4-5RaxU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

29.  Bob Dylan - Knockin' On Heaven's Door (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rm9coqlk8fY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

30.  Bob Seger & The Silver Bullet Band - Night Moves (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJNfMSIEdQE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

31.  Boney M Daddy cool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtxlCsVKkvY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

32.  Boney M. - Rasputin (Sopot Festival 1979) (VOD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16y1AkoZkmQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

33.  Carly Simon - You're So Vain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j13oJajXx0M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

34.  Carpenters - Rainy Days And Mondays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjFoQxjgbrs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

35.  Creedence Clearwater Revival - Lookin' Out My Back Door (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aae_RHRptRg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

36.  Creedence Clearwater Revival - Run Through The Jungle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7PUPNxsRQ0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

37.  Curtis Mayfield - Diamond in the Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVANQheoRUw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

38.  Dancing in the Moonlight (Original Recording) - King Harvest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5JqPxmYhlo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

39.  David Bowie - Heroes (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXgkuM2NhYI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

40.  David Bowie – Life On Mars (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZKcl4-tcuo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

41.  Deep Purple - Child In Time - Live (1970).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OorZcOzNcgE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

42.  Deep Purple - Highway Star 1972 Video HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAKCR7kQMTQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

43.  Deep Purple - Smoke On The Water 1972 (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikGyZh0VbPQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

44.  Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0ffIJ7ZO4U&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

45.  Don McLean - Vincent ( Starry, Starry Night) With Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxHnRfhDmrk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

46.  Donna Summer - I Feel Love [Studio Version].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm-ISatLDG0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

47.  Dr Hook -  Sharing The Night Together (1978).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_n_NgGWpR4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

48.  Earth, Wind & Fire - Boogie Wonderland (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=god7hAPv8f0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

49.  Earth, Wind & Fire - Fantasy (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0CVoFsUhC4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

50.  Earth, Wind & Fire - September (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gs069dndIYk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

51.  Easy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCsZ3_db_Fk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

52.  Elton John - Bennie And The Jets (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wo1OwRTRKRk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

53.  Elton John - Crocodile Rock.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xw0EozkBWuI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

54.  Elton John - Don't Go Breaking My Heart (with Kiki Dee).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0qW9P-uYfM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

55.  Elton John - Rocket Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtVBCG6ThDk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

56.  Elvis Presley - Burning Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zf2VYAtqRe0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

57.  Eric Carmen - All by Myself (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iN9CjAfo5n0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

58.  Eric Clapton - Wonderful Tonight (Live Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUSzL2leaFM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

59.  Eruption - One Way Ticket 1978 (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4y_acTR0MY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

60.  Escape (The Pina Colada Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xb6l38eP-4w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

61.  Fire and Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8u8tASPtwg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

62.  Fleetwood Mac - Dreams (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3ywicffOj4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

63.  Fleetwood Mac - Rhiannon (Official Music VIdeo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQAK6sVovUk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

64.  Fleetwood Mac - The Chain (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwTPvcPYaOo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

65.  Freddy Fender - Wasted Days & Wasted Nights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUVgkXVDkBA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

66.  George Harrison - My Sweet Lord.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SP9wms6oEMo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

67.  Gilbert O'Sullivan - Alone Again (original version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_P-v1BVQn8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

68.  Glen Campbell   Rhinestone Cowboy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_Qe1U5JIt8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

69.  Gloria Gaynor - I Will Survive [Official Video] 1978 [Audio iTunes Plus AAC M4A].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARt9HV9T0w8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

70.  Golden Earring - Radar Love (1973) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zf53Pg2AkdY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

71.  Got To Give It Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhFNY9zW2F4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

72.  Heart - Barracuda (1977).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeMvMNpvB5M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

73.  Heart of Gold (2009 Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3IA6pIVank&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

74.  Hot Chocolate - You sexy thing 1975.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIN36NweL6I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

75.  I Don't Want to Talk About It (2008 Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysQwI-hFLgI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

76.  Isley Brothers- Living for the Love of you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMdBs7uTLHw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

77.  Jimmy Cliff - I Can See Clearly Now (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrHxhQPOO2c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

78.  Joe Walsh - Life's Been Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXWvKDSwvls&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

79.  John Denver - Annie's Song (from The Wildlife Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TyJRsp5t9mA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

80.  John Denver - Rocky Mountain High (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOB4VdlkzO4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

81.  Kansas - Carry on Wayward Son (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5ZJui3aPoQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

82.  Kenny Rogers - The Gambler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hx4gdlfamo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

83.  Kiss - Detroit Rock City 2006 Live Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTqLf1A-Q-4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

84.  Kiss - I Was Made For Lovin' You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhIsAZO5gl0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

85.  Kiss - Rock And Roll All Nite (From Kiss eXposed).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFMD7Usflbg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

86.  Layla.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TngViNw2pOo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

87.  Led Zeppelin - Black Dog (Live at Madison Square Garden 1973) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tlSx0jkuLM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

88.  Led Zeppelin - Immigrant Song (Live 1972) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlNhD0oS5pk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

89.  Led Zeppelin - Kashmir (Live at Knebworth 1979) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hW_WLxseq0o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

90.  Led Zeppelin - Stairway To Heaven (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkF3oxziUI4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

91.  Linda Ronstadt - Blue Bayou (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kp9G0zkorio&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

92.  Looking Glass - Brandy (You're a Fine Girl) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVx8L7a3MuE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

93.  Lou Reed - Walk on the Wild Side (audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oG6fayQBm9w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

94.  Mammas Don't Let Your Babies Grow up to Be Cowboys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i85ob2DackI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

95.  Meat Loaf - Bat Out of Hell (PCM Stereo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QGMCSCFoKA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

96.  Meat Loaf - Paradise By The Dashboard Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C11MzbEcHlw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

97.  Michael Jackson - Don’t Stop 'Til You Get Enough (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yURRmWtbTbo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

98.  Morning Has Broken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcYmNICnIrw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

99.  Mungo Jerry - In The Summertime ORIGINAL 1970.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvUQcnfwUUM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

100.  Nazareth - Love Hurts 1975 (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_1LP3Z6pW4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

101.  Neither One Of Us Gladys Knight and the Pips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_Lh4MFiw08&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

102.  New Kid in Town (2013 Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Pa5nqYXEnY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

103.  Patrick Hernandez - Born to Be Alive - Official Video (Clip Officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UaJAnnipkY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

104.  Peter Frampton - Show Me The Way (Live Midnight Special 1975).avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLgeTtYwQ7o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

105.  Peter Gabriel - Solsbury Hill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OO2PuGz-H8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

106.  Pink Floyd - Another Brick In The Wall, Part Two (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrxX9TBj2zY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

107.  Queen - Don't Stop Me Now (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgzGwKwLmgM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

108.  Queen - Fat Bottomed Girls (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMnjF1O4eH0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

109.  Queen - Killer Queen (Top Of The Pops, 1974).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZBtPf7FOoM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

110.  Queen - Somebody To Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kijpcUv-b8M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

111.  Queen - We Are The Champions (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04854XqcfCY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

112.  Queen - We Will Rock You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tJYN-eG1zk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

113.  Queen - You're My Best Friend (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaZpZQG2z10&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

114.  Ram Jam - Black Betty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_2D8Eo15wE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

115.  Ramones - I Wanna Be Sedated (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm51ihfi1p4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

116.  Redbone - Come and Get Your Love (Single Edit - Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bc0KhhjJP98&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

117.  Rod Stewart - Da Ya Think I'm Sexy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hphwfq1wLJs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

118.  Rod Stewart - Sailing (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOt3oQ_k008&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

119.  Simon & Garfunkel - Bridge over Troubled Water (from The Concert in Central Park).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrcwRt6J32o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

120.  Simple Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVRS6SzOjf8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

121.  Smokie - Living Next Door to Alice (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6qnRS36EgE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

122.  Someone Like You  Sugarhill Gang, Furious5, Mele Mel, Scorpio ft. Barshon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdaT4OcC5_0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

123.  Sometimes When We Touch - Dan Hill - Official Video 1994.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IATz8ZVTALo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

124.  STAND BY ME. (Ultimate Mix, 2020) - John Lennon (official music video HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqB8Dm65X18&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

125.  Steve Miller Band - The Joker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dV3AziKTBUo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

126.  Stevie Wonder Superstition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CFuCYNx-1g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

127.  Stevie Wonder-Isn't She Lovely Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVvkjuEAwgU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

128.  Stuck In The Middle With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ln7Vn_WKkWU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

129.  Sweet - Fox On The Run - 45 (OFFICIAL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRv7EjjwYBI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

130.  Sweet - Love Is Like Oxygen - Disco 20.03.1978 (OFFICIAL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRgWvvkSvfk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

131.  Sweet Home Alabama.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrmWFjnAP2E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

132.  Talking Heads - Psycho Killer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O52jAYa4Pm8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

133.  Terry Jacks - Seasons In The Sun (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tPcc1ftj8E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

134.  The Doors - Roadhouse Blues (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgQg3J7xU1k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

135.  The Hollies - Long Cool Woman (In a Black Dress) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8XiNKsKyVk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

136.  The Manhattans - Kiss and Say Goodbye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtjro7_R3-4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

137.  The Marshall Tucker Band - Can't You See (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-48Za7VZR_c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

138.  The Rolling Stones - Angie - OFFICIAL PROMO (Version 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcZn2-bGXqQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

139.  The Rolling Stones- Miss You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuRxXRuAz-I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

140.  The Temptations - Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5Z9-QCmZyw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

141.  The Whispers - And The Beat Goes On (1979).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOaxEa5ONJw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

142.  Toto - Hold The Line (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htgr3pvBr-I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

143.  Two Out of Three Ain't Bad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVvXWUAKtus&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

144.  Village People - YMCA OFFICIAL Music Video 1978.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CS9OO0S5w2k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

145.  Wild Cherry - Play That Funky Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHcYFxU4fMo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

146.  Wish You Were Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjpF8ukSrvk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh

147.  Zoom - Commodores.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPQz5nCn158&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAkaUUy57-mR97f8SBgMNHh
70's Music Hits Playlist - Best of 70s Music Classics