
100,000 SUBSCRIBERS  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5opJW_YuM5Y&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

50,000 Chocolate Bars! #Ad What Have I Done... Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfFHXfcZYfc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

90s Kid Shows CHALLENGE  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaiNt24Csd8&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

An Amazing Month Compilation  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DmnswSJDKc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Ask An 8 Year Old!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5BjFqqY-44&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Beginner Fidget Spinner  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=do6OuyGDGuY&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Biggest Awkward Headphone Compilation!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tisRCBsVlVk&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Calling Customer Services For Some Love  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8golAnCfsYg&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

DAD VLOGS ARE FUN!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJks5-CBVyU&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Did I Complete The 50,000 Bar Challenge Ad  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcPdkdBTjvU&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

DOVER = Worst Place To Live  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9O4Z8tIg1-U&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Dover Has a Banksy!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yEQGwLhDIY&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Fathers Day  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1_fkAr8s7g&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

First Day At The Gym  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArW-MAYWm1s&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Followers Qs (with A Donut)  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4g02qDwpw8&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

I Have Glasses!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqBtRFP2AYs&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

I'm Calvin Harris!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkHjXn789mc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

I'm In Trouble!!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g39skSci2M&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

If You Laugh You Lose!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StJegD2njmE&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

If You Lick Then You Tweeze  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1he-3Kc6Xjs&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

John Cena - Jenga Files!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIi2FUjlqc4&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Karting Challenge With Ali A & Clare Siobhan Ad  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cikvE0kx8xI&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Ksi Vs Joe Weller Reaction  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5L1PnsPHdk&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

MINECRAFT TUTORIAL!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=douPHPOzPb8&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

MUM Q&A  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbgfi94Vvsc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

My Book My Book!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46Aj_VrurcI&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

My First & Worst Tattoos  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgjC3DhU8Fg&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

My First Beauty Class!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3tvGcQW1aA&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

My First Twinkie!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRQetOx2T_k&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

My Foam Mask  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HhA-40IXF0&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

My Ghillie Suit!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItACevMbztg&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

My See Ya Later Tattoo!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuXS7YaZ0NI&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Our First Christmas Tree!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ie2eT3K3gRY&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Pet Problems!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GVBw6QhpNU&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Q & A With CHARLOTTE!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4inYWA6NK0&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Reacting To My Old Videos  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKi7NBduBkc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Reading Hate Comments! (Mum Cameo)  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgeu3QWBNDY&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Reading Mean Comments (Ft. Mum)  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rpfraGE-wE&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Ringing My Followers  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EA3VMLt4wKA&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

STAR WARS The Last Jedi Dad Vlog  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bQJY6mWEQA&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Surprising My Followers With OnePlus Phones And Pizza!!!  Arron Crascall AD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1jJxL-QvXw&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

The Awkward Freeze!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cf4ipB55BZE&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

The First Lockdown Girlfriend Haircut!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAgKKSJtHbo&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

The Most DAD Thing Ever!!! Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F__KVjtzoFU&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

The Play Button Is Here!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WNEmSrPy0g&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

The Rascal Challenge  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x02JhsjGq9k&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

They Pushed It Into My EARS!!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6WQenRYCBk&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Toddler Q & A  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QU3fwPusZYc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Top Ten Star Wars Moments With Alfie Crascall  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3r3JmqhZL0&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Unboxing The Ultimate Mask!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1DM2FHIPfc&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

VINE 2 IS COMING!!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TEYcupsKeY&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Waxing and Plucking Challenge  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiGChTpPh4k&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

When you meet your Daddy's Home Heroes!  Arron Crascall AD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXVg0jVyCWQ&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Why Did I Do This Face Peel!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHewazn_Kx8&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Worlds Worst Gamer!! (Fortnite)  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBg570pPLeo&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

Worst Tv Ads In The Car!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tto_00IDW08&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

You Laugh You Lose! (With Charlotte)  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nweNgDiEmNU&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F

£60 Random Dad Gifts!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJ7Q464r438&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3ILvT_s9ZzwsDwLQYdWd0F
Think it's a Vlog