
1.  Adventure Shimmer and Shine Pretend Play.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aw73P9KW2Co&pp=sAQA

2.  Adventures for children. Dad was lost on the island.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wkr-W04slGg&pp=sAQA

3.  Amusement theme park of giant dinosaur Video for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXtk5Wk5fDw&pp=sAQA

4.  Babies dolls and funny kid doing shopping.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzT5GcpE8Ms&pp=sAQA

5.  Babies dolls and funny little girl playing together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pL50Fr9cMQ&pp=sAQA

6.  Baby doll birthday party Funny video for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIHQmpSqLQw&pp=sAQA

7.  Baby dolls playing with Nastya in the outdoor playground for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMHteQ76Ygs&pp=sAQA

8.  Birthday Nastya! 4 years and Zoo as a gift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1f_2_wX_nVU&pp=sAQA

9.  Check up song for kids by Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3e9n3V799k&pp=sAQA

10.  Christmas song for kids about Nastya and Santa Claus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMbyrlZjGdY&pp=sAQA

11.  Colored foam and Funny kid singing color song for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xxduej8WAZo&pp=sAQA

12.  Dad Lost in Store - Halloween Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECbTw8zUigg&pp=sAQA

13.  Daddy sick song - nursery rhyme for kids about Dad from Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAbkhSqe5F4&pp=sAQA

14.  Farm toys and playhouses for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7FDgTZrMl8&pp=sAQA

15.  Funny Compilation videos for kids about Nastya and her papa Pretend play.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBJX0JBJpjo&pp=sAQA

16.  Funny hotel toy story with Daddy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eq9FQExgPfY&pp=sAQA

17.  Funny Kid and indoor playground for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-46FKsgomZw&pp=sAQA

18.  Funny Story by Skay in amusement park for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2l923iz4wg&pp=sAQA

19.  Funny Story of Cinderella by Like Nastya kids channel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TF4yvpzBn2c&pp=sAQA

20.  Funny toys and brave Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1oNcWtmLco&pp=sAQA

21.  Funny toys pretend play at the playground for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSe5mAJHdwA&pp=sAQA

22.  Funny video Compilation for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SE59E0APQ44&pp=sAQA

23.  Hurry up to school - nursery rhymes song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIZHfcsRGgQ&pp=sAQA

24.  Indoor Playground for kids Cool play area with toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anpp8iUzeV8&pp=sAQA

25.  Kid's Rhymes songs in the easter eggs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtfMIf1siNg&pp=sAQA

26.  Learn names of fruits with Nastya and giant fruits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BN6PNhsKxo&pp=sAQA

27.  Like Nastya - You Can - Kids Song (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCTDC1SaiJs&pp=sAQA

28.  Like Nastya and her birthday 6 years.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvUqCrEIRt0&pp=sAQA

29.  Like Nastya Birthday music video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Buiwe92cMm0&pp=sAQA

30.  Little girl Nastya and baby doll play fun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cnJQH3ZBTA&pp=sAQA

31.  Magic Colored fruits and vegetables grow up by Like Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKZ6dOBZfxo&pp=sAQA

32.  Magic Colored toyhouse tents with Luntik.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SG7dwodL9wE&pp=sAQA

33.  Nastay pretend play with dress up and make up toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9uro8-FC28&pp=sAQA

34.  Nastia saves hedgehogs in a dark forest and pretend play with toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Va7zn2PdVJ4&pp=sAQA

35.  Nasty and crazy morning with dress up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAIF3smTJ8M&pp=sAQA

36.  Nasty and papa pretend play the restaurant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OwYfxN_QNI&pp=sAQA

37.  Nasty playing Car Wash with Cleaning Toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-BPQfTdukA&pp=sAQA

38.  Nasty plays with Miss Katy and Mister Max.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKhCxZHmFRk&pp=sAQA

39.  Nastya - birthday song - (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moic0U0OjWI&pp=sAQA

40.  Nastya - Chocolate Challenge for Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ad9Z-AaMWWs&pp=sAQA

41.  Nastya - collection of songs for kids from Like Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVass44NzpA&pp=sAQA

42.  Nastya - It's Me - song for kids (Official Music video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywbImjsO_D8&pp=sAQA

43.  Nastya - Learn and Play show with Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r97WxtxRP3Y&pp=sAQA

44.  Nastya - song about the first day at the School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8UIdXIYppQ&pp=sAQA

45.  Nastya - Sorry - Kids Song (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30MCisMOWoM&pp=sAQA

46.  Nastya again chooses a profession.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dxqp-rweDVU&pp=sAQA

47.  Nastya and a big Collection of Chocolate Stories for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUOt7n42er0&pp=sAQA

48.  Nastya and a collection of fun challenges with dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TowgV0KMqk&pp=sAQA

49.  Nastya and a collection of kind children's songs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkqKXmtT_xI&pp=sAQA

50.  Nastya and a compilation of funny stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5xrKaFhjHc&pp=sAQA

51.  Nastya and a compilation of new series about friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqdbXyWt888&pp=sAQA

52.  Nastya and a family trip to her grandmother.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnjIPCOvNYg&pp=sAQA

53.  Nastya and a fun adventure on the beach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yt89HcHDtLU&pp=sAQA

54.  Nastya and a fun family trip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uy30PB5BpV0&pp=sAQA

55.  Nastya and a fun story about a splinter in the finger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-KDh2xEerA&pp=sAQA

56.  Nastya and a Funny Collection of Summer Stories for Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrQNYsY0hrc&pp=sAQA

57.  Nastya and a funny story about a huge pimple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EntpK7EwaSM&pp=sAQA

58.  Nastya and a funny story about a sleeping dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hG_Xq6Xdr-8&pp=sAQA

59.  Nastya and a kids song about a Superhero. Songs for Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FwxcrRIOEI&pp=sAQA

60.  Nastya and a newest collection of fictional stories for children and their parents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RD8jj3W6byc&pp=sAQA

61.  Nastya and a song for children about masks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXTYIp7CBHw&pp=sAQA

62.  Nastya and a song for children about the English alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQHHvdmh00E&pp=sAQA

63.  Nastya and a song for kids - Guess the Animal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5icCVBs4aC0&pp=sAQA

64.  Nastya and a story for kids about uncomfortable pillows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdmDosE2N9E&pp=sAQA

65.  Nastya and a tea party for her kittens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elCwDB9erLY&pp=sAQA

66.  Nastya and adventure police chase stories for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsCrUb-QQ94&pp=sAQA

67.  Nastya and adventures in a mysterious house.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKS8zmh3Pu4&pp=sAQA

68.  Nastya and adventures with her friend Evelyn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yht9m2xubvk&pp=sAQA

69.  Nastya and adventures with mysterious houses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTumtP8OXz0&pp=sAQA

70.  Nastya and all the animals in her house.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeJbhgIfV1s&pp=sAQA

71.  Nastya and an educational story about professions and schooling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyqHf-F2qEo&pp=sAQA

72.  Nastya and baby doll doing shopping - song for kids Nursery Rhyme by Nastya at the candy shop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEiN79mfQTY&pp=sAQA

73.  Nastya and baby doll playing hide and seek Funny video for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OQk9ajpcUY&pp=sAQA

74.  Nastya and baby doll teleported in magic cupboard Video for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwgRcT0jMPQ&pp=sAQA

75.  Nastya and Baby doll vs Pesky Flies! ?nd other Funny Stories by Like Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTP1MDRVhKA&pp=sAQA

76.  Nastya and baby doll want to sleep Video for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBET-MiNfkU&pp=sAQA

77.  Nastya and bear funny playtime with baloons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oN2rp2D0aZg&pp=sAQA

78.  Nastya and beauty salon for princesses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G334cJzybr8&pp=sAQA

79.  Nastya and beauty stories about dress up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wUGoycTBZI&pp=sAQA

80.  Nastya and best bedtime kids stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jst06iYns00&pp=sAQA

81.  Nastya and Birthday Party! Birthday Video Collection with friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcX8sdk-UPg&pp=sAQA

82.  Nastya and children's stories about viruses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqrJY26S5D4&pp=sAQA

83.  Nastya and cleaning day for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHpEajAA6Dc&pp=sAQA

84.  Nastya and dad - a mysterious challenge in the house.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mpADQq4fQw&pp=sAQA

85.  Nastya and dad - a series about the birthday..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5PI-P8VBuc&pp=sAQA

86.  Nastya and dad - a story for kids about harmful sweets and candies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5r_muNv4zSE&pp=sAQA

87.  Nastya and dad - favorite stories for children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHu5lxHqkAs&pp=sAQA

88.  Nastya and dad - fun competitions and challenge with toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_e6g5-EHLg&pp=sAQA

89.  Nastya and dad - funny dress up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxNAnc78amM&pp=sAQA

90.  Nastya and dad - funny stories about toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2EAm_gKNV4&pp=sAQA

91.  Nastya and dad - funny stories for children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8HKO38I1RE&pp=sAQA

92.  Nastya and dad - how to behave with parents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoxMZEVYqVE&pp=sAQA

93.  Nastya and dad - jokes with sweets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZaNUix0i0I&pp=sAQA

94.  Nastya and dad - let's taking a bath - song for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2uU3W3B15w&pp=sAQA

95.  Nastya and dad - magical stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jdf362jXGU&pp=sAQA

96.  Nastya and Dad - One wonderful family day of fun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2q5CMPGJ358&pp=sAQA

97.  Nastya and Dad - short videos for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HQvxoduX9c&pp=sAQA

98.  Nastya and dad - stories about the right behavior.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Hm3__-hC4I&pp=sAQA

99.  Nastya and dad - strange dreams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hc4-cvgc8ZU&pp=sAQA

100.  Nastya and dad - the best series about princesses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9gyV7NAw_0&pp=sAQA

101.  Nastya and dad - the story of how important it is to wash hands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dMcuLi0RV0&pp=sAQA

102.  Nastya and dad - the story of the harmful witch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8ivAPLXT3Q&pp=sAQA

103.  Nastya and dad - travel and adventure stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qWsJgQ2rlz4&pp=sAQA

104.  Nastya and dad are going on a summer vacation family trip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9CuWss_K6A&pp=sAQA

105.  Nastya and dad are going on a trip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVVz4894m50&pp=sAQA

106.  Nastya and dad are going to swim in the pool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5B_EifSU60&pp=sAQA

107.  Nastya and dad are having fun in the park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsDPvWknB5w&pp=sAQA

108.  Nastya and dad are learning math.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6e0UJmm7baQ&pp=sAQA

109.  Nastya and dad are learning the Alphabet and Numbers  Educational Videos for Toddlers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocWWX7EDeWY&pp=sAQA

110.  Nastya and dad are playing hide and seek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWX7nwqvPYk&pp=sAQA

111.  Nastya and dad are playing with Santa Claus in Christmas toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EV1Uc2TCpOk&pp=sAQA

112.  Nastya and dad are popping balls with surprises.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3PiIIyf2Z0&pp=sAQA

113.  Nastya and dad are preparing for the Christmas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpGKuctkovo&pp=sAQA

114.  Nastya and Dad are pretending to play at the Puerto Rico Children's Science Museum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fuVx9ISwOI&pp=sAQA

115.  Nastya and dad are trying to make friends with a neighbor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXsPfm3yNiw&pp=sAQA

116.  Nastya and dad bathe their cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgceDO9dMqc&pp=sAQA

117.  Nastya and dad bought a kitten.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gpPD_Z6z9U&pp=sAQA

118.  Nastya and dad came up with fun entertainment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0u9ky00CSFw&pp=sAQA

119.  Nastya and dad came up with funny entertainment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enxgTSmwoQY&pp=sAQA

120.  Nastya and dad changed places.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhhevWmYlSw&pp=sAQA

121.  Nastya and dad Collection for kids of New Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttNJmOV4TLo&pp=sAQA

122.  Nastya and dad come up with fun outdoor games and giant slime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptQaVQrv-hE&pp=sAQA

123.  Nastya and dad created a new game for kids themselves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80f3WNl2-HQ&pp=sAQA

124.  Nastya and dad decorated the car in pink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFDXIrrTZnw&pp=sAQA

125.  Nastya and Dad do dress up and makeup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJ8FcdvWzNE&pp=sAQA

126.  Nastya and dad dress up at the ball.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNQQceW5bpk&pp=sAQA

127.  Nastya and dad found gifts for Halloween.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=visI16HN4Kk&pp=sAQA

128.  Nastya and dad fun play Outdoor Games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=948oroFYoa4&pp=sAQA

129.  Nastya and dad go camping.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77EQ7WWYdiQ&pp=sAQA

130.  Nastya and dad go on a trip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P77khMJCyDA&pp=sAQA

131.  Nastya and dad got into a mysterious test.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhOF-rSDArQ&pp=sAQA

132.  Nastya and dad have created a funny collection of new stories for children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhay88eYCtI&pp=sAQA

133.  Nastya and dad have fun in the playgrounds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpI2v8o-Zvg&pp=sAQA

134.  Nastya and dad have fun in the toy museum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H32yqshAmCg&pp=sAQA

135.  Nastya and dad have fun with toys - the most popular series for children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0_ECdM9_4Y&pp=sAQA

136.  Nastya and dad have new pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BN31kVP26s&pp=sAQA

137.  Nastya and Dad in a New Year's story about a family trip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CT7MW0M8xPg&pp=sAQA

138.  Nastya and Dad in good home stories for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xY40g3kYcfU&pp=sAQA

139.  Nastya and Dad in the Museum of Selfie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyM-ChXgrzU&pp=sAQA

140.  Nastya and Dad in the yummy Fruits and Vegetables dance challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPYyRsSHRy4&pp=sAQA

141.  Nastya and dad in your favorite amusement park in Thailand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3fT0itUqvY&pp=sAQA

142.  Nastya and dad learn the English alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Jv9BKQkn30&pp=sAQA

143.  Nastya and dad made a sale of toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3VhPWGa6cw&pp=sAQA

144.  Nastya and dad make a giant multi-colored slime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KfDx6G_urs&pp=sAQA

145.  Nastya and dad make dresses for the party themselves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01Slw1R4yN8&pp=sAQA

146.  Nastya and dad make ice cream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OVSFQ8Oe8k&pp=sAQA

147.  Nastya and dad open boxes with surprises to learn the alphabet..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN1eYcw6fQ4&pp=sAQA

148.  Nastya and dad open gifts from Santa Claus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bbh_AJAZX1s&pp=sAQA

149.  Nastya and dad paint playhouses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiNXsQR6Scg&pp=sAQA

150.  Nastya and dad pick vegetables on the farm for mom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcmEf6DK27E&pp=sAQA

151.  Nastya and dad play fun at the farm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIHI-FNUn18&pp=sAQA

152.  Nastya and dad play funny plots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eRcNsacCmY&pp=sAQA

153.  Nastya and dad play hide-and-seek in the store.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lLALMnA2so&pp=sAQA

154.  Nastya and dad play in the candy museum for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sF_HleHcKo&pp=sAQA

155.  Nastya and dad play roulette.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMiV6pOFUHk&pp=sAQA

156.  Nastya and dad play with a huge inflatable ball.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbVDdbc6oRA&pp=sAQA

157.  Nastya and dad play with an inflatable trampoline.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnThO25qJls&pp=sAQA

158.  Nastya and dad play with lego.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TkR9226c6o&pp=sAQA

159.  Nastya and dad play with outdoor activities toys for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kscQmHn-OLY&pp=sAQA

160.  Nastya and Dad playing with funny toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AR7DtBpPoQw&pp=sAQA

161.  Nastya and dad pretend play makeup toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQTYyWYc1-8&pp=sAQA

162.  Nastya and dad Pretend Play with Musical Instrument Toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxAr6Q_lgpk&pp=sAQA

163.  Nastya and Dad Pretend Play with Toy Sewing machine and dress up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RFpdEJ-Fgk&pp=sAQA

164.  Nastya and dad staged funny competitions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc6RMO6DgcU&pp=sAQA

165.  Nastya and dad turned into princesses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znmCWOcHx28&pp=sAQA

166.  Nastya and dad went on a cocoa tour to learn how chocolate is made.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEbKIRVBRsA&pp=sAQA

167.  Nastya and dad went to a strange haunted house.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_QMBmnHU98&pp=sAQA

168.  Nastya and dad were locked in the room.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KOZGykukNA&pp=sAQA

169.  Nastya and Dad's Birthday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xXvl9KZvA4&pp=sAQA

170.  Nastya and Daddy - copy me challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aElcBR19a8&pp=sAQA

171.  Nastya and daddy pretend play with funny game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6orbLKNDZPg&pp=sAQA

172.  Nastya and daddy sleeping at sea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9AC5MEnKCs&pp=sAQA

173.  Nastya and Daddy solve the mystery challenge of 5 keys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1dNTp1AsUY&pp=sAQA

174.  Nastya and day routing with baby doll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Wv4jkwFcik&pp=sAQA

175.  Nastya and educational songs for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7Pkb2a4Nc4&pp=sAQA

176.  Nastya and Eva are learning the Summer Alphabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1F8B1R-9Zc&pp=sAQA

177.  Nastya and Evelyn found a magic toy shower that teaches you to be kind and honest..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkoiOjx4xaY&pp=sAQA

178.  Nastya and Family drive-thru Christmas trip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyrLh7mRYUA&pp=sAQA

179.  Nastya and family games with kids for outside.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--tRdjU0t8w&pp=sAQA

180.  Nastya and friends learn to share with each other.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WY-OlYeFgk&pp=sAQA

181.  Nastya and friends play in the Slime City.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAgkD6yInho&pp=sAQA

182.  Nastya and friends play with snow and sculpt a snowman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dx9o5-mKHcw&pp=sAQA

183.  Nastya and fun outdoor active games for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdxbzmoK-Ig&pp=sAQA

184.  Nastya and funny cases with Daddy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMfONo0tXY4&pp=sAQA

185.  Nastya and funny Collection of New Stories for Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYFXDUGsZmk&pp=sAQA

186.  Nastya and funny kids playing with toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUUTSTOpnyc&pp=sAQA

187.  Nastya and funny stories about fun on the beach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Abh3eKBRUQM&pp=sAQA

188.  Nastya and funny stories for the night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4rHvnn_Rw8&pp=sAQA

189.  Nastya and funny story at night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDWRMYgcduM&pp=sAQA

190.  Nastya and funny videos about realy toys and characters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uOsLi-Gr_8&pp=sAQA

191.  Nastya and giant funny baby doll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAIdxeibwx8&pp=sAQA

192.  Nastya and gifts - compilation about the New Year and Christmas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvddiAA5g-E&pp=sAQA

193.  Nastya and grand cleaning in the house.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4qX9LsBUaQ&pp=sAQA

194.  Nastya and Grinch - Who Spoiled the New Year to Children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goT-mRWnnQE&pp=sAQA

195.  Nastya and Halloween jokes for dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNgRFJaCtOs&pp=sAQA

196.  Nastya and happy holidays with her grandfather.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIEoHAMPYZE&pp=sAQA

197.  Nastya and her adventure with toys on the sea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yelLIx6t-uA&pp=sAQA

198.  Nastya and her Birthday Party 7 years old.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0kdZixRiwg&pp=sAQA

199.  Nastya and her cool dress up and make up toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCW9lnJLzmI&pp=sAQA

200.  Nastya and her dad are playing Without Toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvLalvGJz9M&pp=sAQA

201.  Nastya and her daily Routine with dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92tpVKUvDk4&pp=sAQA

202.  Nastya and her daily routine with pampered kittens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fs07rgsLvkQ&pp=sAQA

203.  Nastya and her DIY room for kids decor ideas. Room In Style Like Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9if3iDHnsUA&pp=sAQA

204.  Nastya and her family travel dreams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsnekCY5fEs&pp=sAQA

205.  Nastya and her Family trip to the pig island.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lgu-wgHbis&pp=sAQA

206.  Nastya and her favorite series about toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ah0-0WAdr8&pp=sAQA

207.  Nastya and her friend make animal figurines from vegetables and fruits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSp6pAtm29s&pp=sAQA

208.  Nastya and her friend pretend play a beauty contest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poPilgo1khU&pp=sAQA

209.  Nastya and her friend staged a magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLvApk5dXs4&pp=sAQA

210.  Nastya and her friends are playing a mysterious challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnMLhiz6azo&pp=sAQA

211.  Nastya and her friends had a playdate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3svWmWMYIDI&pp=sAQA

212.  Nastya and her friends Mickey and Minnie Mouse with gifts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtkRDOE38-g&pp=sAQA

213.  Nastya and her Friends Princesses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfbcH_OO-Ck&pp=sAQA

214.  Nastya and her funny pets kittens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEASiuY8Epc&pp=sAQA

215.  Nastya and her mistakes in behavior - Rules of conduct for children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzQ2vSZ9JE8&pp=sAQA

216.  Nastya and her mysterious adventures with dolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4Bq9cvjxdI&pp=sAQA

217.  Nastya and her new cool room.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKkse0tRjF0&pp=sAQA

218.  Nastya and her new DIY room in the style of Like Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuVNFg47c6I&pp=sAQA

219.  Nastya and her new dolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k61Dj9OBYDQ&pp=sAQA

220.  Nastya and her new pink room.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhAokurkOu8&pp=sAQA

221.  Nastya and her new princess carriage bed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPUEq4V8G94&pp=sAQA

222.  Nastya and her new room in the style of Princess Elsa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_PL-AJaa50&pp=sAQA

223.  Nastya and her new room with a unicorn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mozvszoaIU0&pp=sAQA

224.  Nastya and her new toy dogs with fleas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwdMfvI8Www&pp=sAQA

225.  Nastya and her routine work in the police.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVUNZJ8h4yo&pp=sAQA

226.  Nastya and her stories about cats and kittens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2KJRwjUg9Q&pp=sAQA

227.  Nastya and her strange nanny.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELV5WgWV4NY&pp=sAQA

228.  Nastya and Hot vs Cold Challenge with Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gATKAUXmghg&pp=sAQA

229.  Nastya and kids jokes with her friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9n628AM-sk&pp=sAQA

230.  Nastya and Klava deliver Christmas presents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FN2zqHrKKKw&pp=sAQA

231.  Nastya and Klava have a bubble foam party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMeFZrV3kPA&pp=sAQA

232.  Nastya and learning videos about the right behavior.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAgCTmV0yXs&pp=sAQA

233.  Nastya and LOL house for children with surprises.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyrPYqdIFhw&pp=sAQA

234.  Nastya and lost surprises.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYTWsjc6qQk&pp=sAQA

235.  Nastya and Maggi - new toys for princess.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9142uTpFF4&pp=sAQA

236.  Nastya and Maggie - funny stories for girls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IMgHsqTKZU&pp=sAQA

237.  Nastya and Maggie in the kids story about the magic wand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1Tj3s5nPlA&pp=sAQA

238.  Nastya and magic drawing in color paints.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koq_KSXZnHU&pp=sAQA

239.  Nastya and magic toy food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rD-Jp4JzujU&pp=sAQA

240.  Nastya and magical colored raincoats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a86MwIq4Oc4&pp=sAQA

241.  Nastya and magical mirrors changing faces.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FgP-qBVGUA&pp=sAQA

242.  Nastya and Margarita - funny events.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNgker3_qiI&pp=sAQA

243.  Nastya and Merry Christmas Stories for Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JR7UxeFPqS0&pp=sAQA

244.  Nastya and morning routing with baby dolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOhsEhhuNWI&pp=sAQA

245.  Nastya and mysterious adventures on Halloween.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JK0TgKx9H8I&pp=sAQA

246.  Nastya and New Collection for kids of funny Stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfZt7VIt97M&pp=sAQA

247.  Nastya and New Episodes about Kids Behavior.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMP6jhvpRGs&pp=sAQA

248.  Nastya and new friendly family stories for children and their parents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmhaja6rpZw&pp=sAQA

249.  Nastya and new rules of conduct for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkmcSv0J3Io&pp=sAQA

250.  Nastya and new series with her beloved friends kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UdiOHU7M00&pp=sAQA

251.  Nastya and Papa - a new series about sports.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXg1iNgCnBw&pp=sAQA

252.  Nastya and papa - family fun at the amusement park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyEMm5SiPLw&pp=sAQA

253.  Nastya and papa - proper nutrition for kids. Playing toy food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DczubIigvtU&pp=sAQA

254.  Nastya and papa are building playhouse for toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq-G73VnCBk&pp=sAQA

255.  Nastya and papa are learning to count to 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvxbQLGM5Oc&pp=sAQA

256.  Nastya and Papa are preparing colored noodles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7Wbx34hWBk&pp=sAQA

257.  Nastya and papa compose their funny fictional stories.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dV3_aFncllM&pp=sAQA

258.  Nastya and papa family playtime on the playground.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zmCekXaVxc&pp=sAQA

259.  Nastya and papa found strange surprises in the garden.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfo6eObXZLk&pp=sAQA

260.  Nastya and papa fun play at the theme park of Peppa toy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0dZk3OGMbY&pp=sAQA

261.  Nastya and papa go to a picnic to eat lunch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9e4b2EgcSo4&pp=sAQA

262.  Nastya and papa hunt Easter eggs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clZO_V7zV1Q&pp=sAQA

263.  Nastya and papa in a funny house with treats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZWKzz2WuJI&pp=sAQA

264.  Nastya and papa in a mysterious maze with surprises.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MB9OO6YkOYE&pp=sAQA

265.  Nastya and papa makes a new houses for toys dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sElyTRL18JE&pp=sAQA

266.  Nastya and papa playing hide and seek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xB9Kv1DwD14&pp=sAQA

267.  Nastya and papa playing with toy blocks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-87_xBh2OQ&pp=sAQA

268.  Nastya and papa pretend play at the amusement park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAljancHQe8&pp=sAQA

269.  Nastya and papa pretend play at the children's museum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq5SAopVQ_o&pp=sAQA

270.  Nastya and papa pretend play in a dream Video for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhJe4lMweKY&pp=sAQA

271.  Nastya and papa pretend play in toy shop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCYbpqoGuTs&pp=sAQA

272.  Nastya and papa pretend play in toy store.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2A1SvD1MY0Y&pp=sAQA

273.  Nastya and papa pretend play Kitchen Restaurant Toy Cooking Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPUI2eACiP0&pp=sAQA

274.  Nastya and papa Pretend Play Making Satisfying Colorful Glitter Glue Slime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HoNJ2Y3syJE&pp=sAQA

275.  Nastya and papa pretend play of toy shop and other toys - compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qR97wZCcNGM&pp=sAQA

276.  Nastya and papa pretend play police.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZbyY7bXBLg&pp=sAQA

277.  Nastya and papa pretend play with cleaning toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_oVQ-oM_y4&pp=sAQA

278.  Nastya and papa pretend play with magic toy shop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmn7Pzmj-XE&pp=sAQA

279.  Nastya and papa pretend play with magic tree.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0i9Y_DtPPU&pp=sAQA

280.  Nastya and papa pretend play with playhouse House tour Video for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kN0CiUMVPaY&pp=sAQA

281.  Nastya and papa pretend play with sleep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZWKkzbnzJ8&pp=sAQA

282.  Nastya and papa sleeping at farm sheep Family fun trip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqKpJxLtuvw&t=2s&pp=sAQA

283.  Nastya and Papa vs funny toy dogs! Pretend play with doggies twins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZBwujFBb0s&pp=sAQA

284.  Nastya and Princess song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycG-ILKYHT0&pp=sAQA

285.  Nastya and Roma's birthday in Halloween style.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPV1M0Fy0H4&pp=sAQA

286.  Nastya and rules of conduct for kids and adults.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVRdg15kkUk&pp=sAQA

287.  Nastya and series about having fun with her best friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhhMJ4PP-nI&pp=sAQA

288.  Nastya and sleeping dad are having fun in an amusement park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlwi8ha7j4k&pp=sAQA

289.  Nastya and sleeping papa play at park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hUx2jRhQec&pp=sAQA

290.  Nastya and song for children about morning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nuo9jYzYXX0&pp=sAQA

291.  Nastya and song for children about the Bingo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAsRPZJ_aYU&pp=sAQA

292.  Nastya and song for kids about hide and seek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-uu3oSFazc0&pp=sAQA

293.  Nastya and Stacy argue over toy surprises.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nIwXjpQ2nc&pp=sAQA

294.  Nastya and Stacy change toys for sweets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XReRb80PKGM&pp=sAQA

295.  Nastya and Stacy dye their hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwfFl9hWW-U&pp=sAQA

296.  Nastya and Stacy exchanged their pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61ukHmsjt1M&pp=sAQA

297.  Nastya and Stacy had a fun challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cV6yMUoYCh0&pp=sAQA

298.  Nastya and Stacy open huge eggs with surprises and toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tPcKjlN1ig&pp=sAQA

299.  Nastya and Stacy play with edible makeup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1V3U_PL07Ok&pp=sAQA

300.  Nastya and Stacy play with makeup toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjL_V2LXopw&pp=sAQA

301.  Nastya and Stacy prepare desserts for dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbMvrlezHV8&pp=sAQA

302.  Nastya and Stacy show good and bad behavior for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YY49R4gHHnk&pp=sAQA

303.  Nastya and stories about friends and sweets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPOLfR2ZZZw&pp=sAQA

304.  Nastya and stories for children about friendship and kindness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXhEqPIDB6s&pp=sAQA

305.  Nastya and story about worms from the game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qna5W8Pt0bs&pp=sAQA

306.  Nastya and the bedtime story about the Dad Sleepwalker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1S2lwyjLHdo&pp=sAQA

307.  Nastya and the best episodes about friends and girlfriends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5K77p1e_K0&pp=sAQA

308.  Nastya and the Children's Stories about viruses  Kids Stay at Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TD_R15GapM8&pp=sAQA

309.  Nastya and the Doll broke the playhouse for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QsJY9KBnZw&pp=sAQA

310.  Nastya and the magic phone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQWWGmi_5ng&pp=sAQA

311.  Nastya and the magic playhouse with a slide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1wAt9S_80s&pp=sAQA

312.  Nastya and the magical transformation with friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THqI5znK1Vo&pp=sAQA

313.  Nastya and the new funny toy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnQhDsZNjy0&pp=sAQA

314.  Nastya and the new playhouse with a lot of trouble.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNa2LafaoR0&pp=sAQA

315.  Nastya and the policeman are investigating the secret life of pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YCWBffRMVU&pp=sAQA

316.  Nastya and the rules of conduct for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkNDr2-ExSc&pp=sAQA

317.  Nastya and the salon for princesses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkQI0t3gWw4&pp=sAQA

318.  Nastya and the stories about Ice Cream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WFy1rK40L0&pp=sAQA

319.  Nastya and the story about colored hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SaMTl7yr4xg&pp=sAQA

320.  Nastya and the story about friends with the wolf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MapPhzAZrg&pp=sAQA

321.  Nastya and the story about Friendship.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HCWbMx4zX4&pp=sAQA

322.  Nastya and the story about how children not to be have.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVamEFiqSow&pp=sAQA

323.  Nastya and the story about how important it is to study hard at school.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bD7N9XELa-w&pp=sAQA

324.  Nastya and the story about mysterious surprises.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSwMIJqBX5Y&pp=sAQA

325.  Nastya and the story about sad dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozZsWRY7AdA&pp=sAQA

326.  Nastya and the story about the tooth fairy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=355x4zhnpfY&pp=sAQA

327.  Nastya and the story of one huge toy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wb9tdFktVxg&pp=sAQA

328.  Nastya and the strange guest under the bed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NgtZO1scpE&pp=sAQA

329.  Nastya and Watermelon with a fictional story for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ej0XV5hKpK8&pp=sAQA

330.  Nastya and Why it is harmful to watch cartoons for a long time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pf6-DlVrplI&pp=sAQA

331.  Nastya and winter holidays with dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiUL54wdvmU&pp=sAQA

332.  Nastya arranged a beauty salon for dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M75XYAEeaUY&pp=sAQA

333.  Nastya as a bride and princess.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mmytlQtj8c&pp=sAQA

334.  Nastya as Jasmine and dad as Gin in Aladdin's lamp.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HheIk3ycj0&pp=sAQA

335.  Nastya brings beauty, makes up and dresses up in dresses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42dI8p403Pc&pp=sAQA

336.  Nastya builds a playcastle and prevents papa from working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhSpK2LZOe0&pp=sAQA

337.  Nastya buys ice cream and lemonade on the beach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luvG7kvJcQY&pp=sAQA

338.  Nastya celebrates 50 million subscribers on the Like Nastya channel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b95YnpBdsSk&pp=sAQA

339.  Nastya changes dresses and turns into princesses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzO6NA051T0&pp=sAQA

340.  Nastya changes profession.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiQzcwdTG1g&pp=sAQA

341.  Nastya chooses a profession.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WotKs4X6Kc4&pp=sAQA

342.  Nastya collects surprises for Easter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCa1nQXEiFc&pp=sAQA

343.  Nastya copies dad all day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eB_o6E4LQsQ&pp=sAQA

344.  Nastya decided to leave dad and look for another home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Z863kXniH0&pp=sAQA

345.  Nastya decorated papa's car with superheroes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-dYncAFbQw&pp=sAQA

346.  Nastya decorated the house for Halloween.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkLhHn79oio&pp=sAQA

347.  Nastya does a dress up and jumps on a kids trampoline.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Pd_D1sr4Pc&pp=sAQA

348.  Nastya does a good deed for a homeless person  Learn To Help Others Kids Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zRXYRgoewQ&pp=sAQA

349.  Nastya does face painting for a beauty contest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xtowv6VuhNU&pp=sAQA

350.  Nastya does good deeds and gets sweets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy9-UmoP5Vk&pp=sAQA

351.  Nastya does good deeds so dad rewards her with sweets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-iOgplxJgU&pp=sAQA

352.  Nastya does not dress up for the weather.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ma8MYwdueHg&pp=sAQA

353.  Nastya draws mysterious drawings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCvOCzUpu-A&pp=sAQA

354.  Nastya dresses up for a ball.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6DIbqmomYM&pp=sAQA

355.  Nastya dresses up for birthday party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2yoiO8zWDo&pp=sAQA

356.  Nastya dresses up for Diana's birthday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7OHyH3oSB8&pp=sAQA

357.  Nastya dresses up in superhero and rescues dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Sn8t2TtmIA&pp=sAQA

358.  Nastya dresses up in the movie with papa Funny video for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MhiRhAZvIA&pp=sAQA

359.  Nastya dresses up like a doll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZ7_3dmFQVY&pp=sAQA

360.  Nastya dresses up on three parties at the same time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSCiXRunngo&pp=sAQA

361.  Nastya dressing up to party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HK8ENs4mbW4&pp=sAQA

362.  Nastya finds out how smart and creative she is.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UC-w4Gf3K3E&pp=sAQA

363.  Nastya flies on a trip to learn about Russia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hJbouQgjjo&pp=sAQA

364.  Nastya flies to aliens to learn about space..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoXIxftzQiU&pp=sAQA

365.  Nastya found a baby doll and pretends to be a parent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbYN9M2JnQs&pp=sAQA

366.  Nastya found a boy doll and pretends to be a parent - Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXO102RN8Ow&pp=sAQA

367.  Nastya found a doll and pretends to be a parent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCZCPlI82Z8&pp=sAQA

368.  Nastya found a toy that makes wishes come true.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_PYahej1-k&pp=sAQA

369.  Nastya found a treasure on the beach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSgr7pIOXtQ&pp=sAQA

370.  Nastya gives presents for Christmas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tU7NfKhTf0o&pp=sAQA

371.  Nastya goes to the salon for princesses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DH1LS8paaTk&pp=sAQA

372.  Nastya Going To disco party - Dress Up And Hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smFg1Iu-U9M&pp=sAQA

373.  Nastya had a twin sister.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTpqp_4sjRc&pp=sAQA

374.  Nastya has grown a lot and dad is taking her to shopping.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8B5hgshydo&pp=sAQA

375.  Nastya has set up a home zoo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQhvIGbTglA&pp=sAQA

376.  Nastya has two little kittens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vglDOOUp_w&pp=sAQA

377.  Nastya have fun at home - compilation series about Nastya and Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d47bEQutXs&pp=sAQA

378.  Nastya hurries to the ball with the prince.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHIblB3eReE&pp=sAQA

379.  Nastya in a theme park in Thailand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PB_tOHfPrEE&pp=sAQA

380.  Nastya in the amusement park - a collection of the best moments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3WUqCgKX5I0&pp=sAQA

381.  Nastya in the children's museum of giant objects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VD6eZwopnQ8&pp=sAQA

382.  Nastya invited friends to the Playdate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ht9QCbq5EM&pp=sAQA

383.  Nastya invited her friend to visit to have fun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAZNRlUACfs&pp=sAQA

384.  Nastya is arranging a birthday for her kitty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zH8WN0yFPXk&pp=sAQA

385.  Nastya is building a playhouse for a magical horse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mj6dtCyziqc&pp=sAQA

386.  Nastya is building new houses for horses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZ_b5nRug4Q&pp=sAQA

387.  Nastya is dancing with a new flying doll at home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVS1E2xamMo&pp=sAQA

388.  Nastya is going for Halloween treats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uL3OQ6ev-HA&pp=sAQA

389.  Nastya is going to a party for girls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjnfMInk0kc&pp=sAQA

390.  Nastya is going to a party with her friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLdN5HiSRB8&pp=sAQA

391.  Nastya is going to see the new movie Jungle Beat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsIYMIszbjQ&pp=sAQA

392.  Nastya is learning how to become a good scientist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VNz6bru9OQ&pp=sAQA

393.  Nastya is learning the rules of behavior when visiting a friend..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIlFVMuS2js&pp=sAQA

394.  Nastya is looking for a new playhouse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KB-Kfl8bDHk&pp=sAQA

395.  Nastya is painting a new house in pink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QS5RAosKqw0&pp=sAQA

396.  Nastya is playing with a new house and a trampoline..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KIYaIv9KmE&pp=sAQA

397.  Nastya is preparing a birthday for Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9D_TbHqUuVw&pp=sAQA

398.  Nastya is preparing a birthday present for dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZED5tzlzMaM&pp=sAQA

399.  Nastya is repairing children's playhouses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_-Q24nM3RI&pp=sAQA

400.  Nastya is studying the rules of conduct at the airport.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12vyN5O3a8k&pp=sAQA

401.  Nastya is trying to scare dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TC05pBLBFXU&pp=sAQA

402.  Nastya is trying to sleep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3UHvau9lN0&pp=sAQA

403.  Nastya learn insects with her dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6DQ_C9SGSQ&pp=sAQA

404.  Nastya learns by playing with her dad  Collection of children's videos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BplQkobI32A&pp=sAQA

405.  Nastya Learns English Alphabet with dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TeP1QMtmAjs&pp=sAQA

406.  Nastya learns from Meggie the rules of the Princesses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7o9kY__x-ZU&pp=sAQA

407.  Nastya Learns How To Foster a Kittens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyqklQSkVxI&pp=sAQA

408.  Nastya learns how to reuse on Earth Day with the PAW Patrol Toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrzDOqXBVEc&pp=sAQA

409.  Nastya learns the Alphabet, colors and numbers  Collection learn like Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QViBclFNi8&pp=sAQA

410.  Nastya learns to joke with dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZnUWYIWdtw&pp=sAQA

411.  Nastya learns to ride a bike  useful video for children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGGgVks_yMM&pp=sAQA

412.  Nastya learns to write words correctly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIW3p9sxrdo&pp=sAQA

413.  Nastya learns where the eggs come from for Easter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmAstBvZzHw&pp=sAQA

414.  Nastya like a naughty princess.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLLNSQL8W-Q&pp=sAQA

415.  Nastya Little Angel Song (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qvqlK8Dc7M&pp=sAQA

416.  Nastya lost her dog and other stories for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z24QuAGV2D0&pp=sAQA

417.  Nastya made a crash experiment with slime and antistress toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsR-_38daeo&pp=sAQA

418.  Nastya made a to-do list for the day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YApa4GR6vto&pp=sAQA

419.  Nastya makes a new room for dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzcWJRgEA9g&pp=sAQA

420.  Nastya makes gifts to friends for Valentine's Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTZHDWLJvuk&pp=sAQA

421.  Nastya makes jokes on her dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nB97u6W2luc&pp=sAQA

422.  Nastya married.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QobyrTNTVo&pp=sAQA

423.  Nastya on the farm feeds animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c112lh7DrzM&pp=sAQA

424.  Nastya opens surprises with super strength.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxzD6suq4Zo&pp=sAQA

425.  Nastya participates in a dance competition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yp9GnUmQjsQ&pp=sAQA

426.  Nastya playing at the sheeps farm with funny animals and giant colored toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhyVY4kpqPo&pp=sAQA

427.  Nastya playing with cool toys Funny videos for children Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uW_6947CNA8&pp=sAQA

428.  Nastya playing with Easter Surprise eggs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FB3rvB9mQB8&pp=sAQA

429.  Nastya playing with funny toy cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49TaaqjggPU&pp=sAQA

430.  Nastya playing with make up toys and dress up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmyjivY8HRk&pp=sAQA

431.  Nastya Playing with new friend & pretend play with toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nA0K82tWY-4&pp=sAQA

432.  Nastya plays a police officer and asks dad to wear a mask.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXvXer3ulps&pp=sAQA

433.  Nastya plays at school with dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcEuqH6WOVA&pp=sAQA

434.  Nastya plays detective story and is looking for surprises..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPi7xHx5rdE&pp=sAQA

435.  Nastya plays farm with toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUeBv7qcAl0&pp=sAQA

436.  Nastya Plays Halloween Trick or Treat Candy Haul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5YU3rxJg7I&pp=sAQA

437.  Nastya plays hide and seek with baby dolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpmC8ZpAHjg&pp=sAQA

438.  Nastya plays hide and seek with her dad at home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeArJUx00Z8&pp=sAQA

439.  Nastya plays in the cafe of sweets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCKUUZfwzos&pp=sAQA

440.  Nastya plays in the children's museum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4sg0-P6NeE&pp=sAQA

441.  Nastya plays in the seller of sweet shoes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-1BYERYp4Y&pp=sAQA

442.  Nastya plays in the zoo and feeds animals Vlog for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OFjHy_mWfs&pp=sAQA

443.  Nastya plays on a trampoline and has fun with her grandfather.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbbv75spToM&pp=sAQA

444.  Nastya plays pirates with Vlad and Nikita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wv-wJU4qPik&pp=sAQA

445.  Nastya plays the profession of a policeman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCfBIGnPCLM&pp=sAQA

446.  Nastya plays the toy shop and has a picnic with dolls..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXM8CoHAYLQ&pp=sAQA

447.  Nastya plays with a new toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHu6rzj6UPE&pp=sAQA

448.  Nastya Plays with colored toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgQmKApfKVM&pp=sAQA

449.  Nastya plays with dad - a storybook for children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huRnnu8Hqs4&pp=sAQA

450.  Nastya plays with her dad in a challenge with chocolate toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orDJrNpU7FQ&pp=sAQA

451.  Nastya plays with her dad outside with new toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfqfTY5jP3o&pp=sAQA

452.  Nastya plays with magic photos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vwd9wpr7FqY&pp=sAQA

453.  Nastya plays with make up toys for girls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIGKH5kcy8M&pp=sAQA

454.  Nastya plays with playhouses and dolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnkkhdNIdlU&pp=sAQA

455.  Nastya plays with shadow puppets and glowing toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v19Q2tnP4rU&pp=sAQA

456.  Nastya plays with toy Max and treats his foot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BGMROkGeSQ&pp=sAQA

457.  Nastya prepares ice cream and a milkshake for dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XL-McuoJCE&pp=sAQA

458.  Nastya pretend play a restaurant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Qhigdh6Dhs&pp=sAQA

459.  Nastya pretend play and buys used toy cars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KisPM2fZJHE&pp=sAQA

460.  Nastya pretend play at the indoor playground for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7zfD8E7gmw&pp=sAQA

461.  Nastya pretend play at the kid's museum of toy's bears.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5a7WB9Ilp8&pp=sAQA

462.  Nastya Pretend Play Funny Police Chase Story and Costume Dress Up Video for Children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9dWbQ8MxLE&pp=sAQA

463.  Nastya Pretend Play Ice Cream Shop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMVyt7iXlbw&pp=sAQA

464.  Nastya Pretend Play in Shopping with Baby Doll and Toys!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGlcaFTdlM4&pp=sAQA

465.  Nastya pretend play in the magic country of trolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxVOkdgMjJA&pp=sAQA

466.  Nastya pretend play w Kids Make Up Hair Salon Toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QI9YH1ldX0&pp=sAQA

467.  Nastya pretend play with a new giant toy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JICrbRiNkFs&pp=sAQA

468.  Nastya pretend play with baby dolls toy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CDtUo8LMdE&pp=sAQA

469.  Nastya pretend play with funny big baby doll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMheDbfYpN0&pp=sAQA

470.  Nastya Pretend Play with ice cream toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iEkuOvu6f0&pp=sAQA

471.  Nastya pretend play with magic gold fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgVqS0fyeU4&pp=sAQA

472.  Nastya pretend play with magic mirror.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zh69WrDiSlk&pp=sAQA

473.  Nastya pretend play with magic toy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjywSePVeA0&pp=sAQA

474.  Nastya pretend play with playhouses for a new toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yi-e5U5yD8E&pp=sAQA

475.  Nastya pretend play with toy vet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDGa2aRYCHw&pp=sAQA

476.  Nastya pretend play with toys and dolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PO-1LchxSJo&pp=sAQA

477.  Nastya pretends that she has a sticker pox and goes to Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7KoAXXPgp4&pp=sAQA

478.  Nastya pretends to be a flight attendant for dad on the plane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFYoOmfrKJM&pp=sAQA

479.  Nastya Pretends to be a Nanny for Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBBFe_ZZyFg&pp=sAQA

480.  Nastya pretends to be a parent for dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHnv2GxFUVE&pp=sAQA

481.  Nastya pretends to be ill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnKMKTE05Bg&pp=sAQA

482.  Nastya pretends to play a nanny for dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsVKtgjnFes&pp=sAQA

483.  Nastya pretends to play a police chase and learns the safety rules for children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csb3ROeP4Ao&pp=sAQA

484.  Nastya pretends to play and teaches kittens colors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Up0iyugFihc&pp=sAQA

485.  Nastya pretends to play Bakery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYB86NWL6dE&pp=sAQA

486.  Nastya Pretends to Play with dad in the Hotel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmMhhEBRwE8&pp=sAQA

487.  Nastya pretends to play with the seller of funny toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9NbjV1ezzM&pp=sAQA

488.  Nastya pretends to play with two dolls similar to Nastya and dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGK1V9GuUww&pp=sAQA

489.  Nastya pretends to protect her toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIGXjNMGcdA&pp=sAQA

490.  Nastya prevents her dad from working and a new waterslide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0lNMMF0r34&pp=sAQA

491.  Nastya received 2 DIAMOND buttons and a BAG OF GIFTS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s45JXnIQmSU&pp=sAQA

492.  Nastya received a huge baby doll as a gift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j36AUGgs_oo&pp=sAQA

493.  Nastya rides to the zoo Vlog in the zoo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_Pf1kd1dMY&pp=sAQA

494.  Nastya saves toys puppy patrol on the playground.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-9q0C-FaNs&pp=sAQA

495.  Nastya shows dad tricks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFrYEJAwNZo&pp=sAQA

496.  Nastya shows How not to behave children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuIHa0jBPIo&pp=sAQA

497.  Nastya shows what happens to those who cheat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzAh3iZqT4U&pp=sAQA

498.  Nastya sings a lullaby for the baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzOIKyrIBCE&pp=sAQA

499.  Nastya sings her favorite kid's songs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9vIsOxg1jw&pp=sAQA

500.  Nastya studies who alpacas are and takes care of animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8vMQBaOXlw&pp=sAQA

501.  Nastya takes care of the baby who got lost in the toy store.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlGoLZOHirc&pp=sAQA

502.  Nastya teaches dad how to be creative.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyAekMdvlp4&pp=sAQA

503.  Nastya teaches dad to eat healthy food and exercise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0orEyvT9t8c&pp=sAQA

504.  Nastya teaches that you cannot eat sweets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jtcfo0ak06o&pp=sAQA

505.  Nastya teaches the rules of behavior.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8cgASvn5YQ&pp=sAQA

506.  Nastya teaches weather and natural disasters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMTmv1JwXxM&pp=sAQA

507.  Nastya tries on Halloween costumes in the store with her dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIUIZQgtVx4&pp=sAQA

508.  Nastya tries professions not to study at school.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvKpJjniPGI&pp=sAQA

509.  Nastya tries to catch Santa Claus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUlJexppSMc&pp=sAQA

510.  Nastya turned into a boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKYMTX9ee58&pp=sAQA

511.  Nastya turned into a kitten.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qiiGcMI6nQ&pp=sAQA

512.  Nastya turned into a Little Mermaid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7Llzi7nEW0&pp=sAQA

513.  Nastya turns into magical costumes for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLQeeXu8a1Y&pp=sAQA

514.  Nastya turns small toys into large.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIujYyd2HQk&pp=sAQA

515.  Nastya turns unhealthy food into jelly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJO8Rq-yCzU&pp=sAQA

516.  Nastya Visit a grandfather and Learn about Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHXS5alwRAM&pp=sAQA

517.  Nastya visits the zoo and learns how to take care of animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzmW6mpQeSA&pp=sAQA

518.  Nastya vs baby bees dolls Funny video for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCpWnoAdmKI&pp=sAQA

519.  Nastya wants to be a good daughter for dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bE1rCY7JixQ&pp=sAQA

520.  Nastya wants to be beautiful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91fD9l8a42I&pp=sAQA

521.  Nastya wants to go to the disco.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os7CCO0MlWg&pp=sAQA

522.  Nastya with friends in the amusement park Fun on the playground.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIO-b2pRFRQ&pp=sAQA

523.  Nastya with Yummy Fruits and Vegetables and other stories for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cep9a6VuzU&pp=sAQA

524.  Nastya works in an amusement park for children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z120VqlyCRg&pp=sAQA

525.  Nastya, Roma and Diana celebrate Christmas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSqRJaSmgSE&pp=sAQA

526.  Nastya, Roma and Diana play in the park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVCl3CEjvZM&pp=sAQA

527.  Nastya, Roma and Diana pretend play in park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDMKWRfEA0Y&pp=sAQA

528.  Old Macdonald had a farm Nursery Rhyme song for kids by Like Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89xuG25oGQw&pp=sAQA

529.  Playhouse for paw toys Video for children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtKj28pglbM&pp=sAQA

530.  Popular fairy tales for children in the amusement park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=be5e-h5Y22I&pp=sAQA

531.  Pretend play with giant toys for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTr3-ns0DnI&pp=sAQA

532.  Princess Cinderella Cleaning Up from baby dolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGPnt-DgJMM&pp=sAQA

533.  Rain Rain go away and toys in the park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3dfB6oiBS4&pp=sAQA

534.  Skip to my Lou - Nursery Rhyme song for kids by Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXXoQ2mW_YY&pp=sAQA

535.  Song about toy ice cream from Stacy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrQjJ_jFBJ4&pp=sAQA

536.  Song for children about the bill and toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npyRz974Bm0&pp=sAQA

537.  Song for children about the zoo from Nastya and Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLdq2UW7BGQ&pp=sAQA

538.  Song for children from Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGliZuuhfj0&pp=sAQA

539.  Song for kids about fruit smoothies from Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xp2YbYioaiI&pp=sAQA

540.  Song for kids about red bus from Stacy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_Zr8Cm5ZGk&pp=sAQA

541.  Song for kids by Nasty and her toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noBKxfqAVxs&pp=sAQA

542.  Stacy and girlfriend both want the same dress.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuwaEFVa7Zo&pp=sAQA

543.  Surprises toys in the colored easter baskets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YM_GcHBOyGk&pp=sAQA

544.  Swimming song - Stacy pretend play Nursery Rhymes & Kid's songs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpK3P9tXu-M&pp=sAQA

545.  Tales for children in the entertainment park Vlog from Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgw0Sm6ILXI&pp=sAQA

546.  The Boo Boo Story from Nastya and Papa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihreBzzQxuI&pp=sAQA

547.  The Doctor song for kids by Nastya and Dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0Iq9f6UKWM&pp=sAQA

548.  The Floor is Lava with Nastya and Dad (1733586).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGd3SNbav6g&pp=sAQA

549.  The Floor is Lava with Nastya and dad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7JDuWczWH4&pp=sAQA

550.  The toys ran away from Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZZfLOlwKsE&pp=sAQA

551.  Theme park for kids Nastya and Pony play fun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frdLHbUTc8g&pp=sAQA

552.  Toys hit the thunderstorm Video for kids by Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWBPcqi_fyQ&pp=sAQA

553.  Useful videos for children about the rules of conduct in public places.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70bS36a2o70&pp=sAQA

554.  Vlog in museum of ice cream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TFHpjBor-M&pp=sAQA

555.  Vlog Nastya in the super amusement park for children funny kid's video for children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHM4i5Uj2Uw&pp=sAQA

556.  Wear your mask - a story for kids by Like Nastya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0gRztqjXIg&pp=sAQA

557.  What happens if the children's YouTube does not.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgbcpBatB7I&pp=sAQA

558.  ???? ??????? ??????? ? ???????? ???????? ? ????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDpYLg4RyHM&pp=sAQA

559.  ???? ??? ?? ???????? ????? ??? 2017 ? ?????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPpC4dJV9SU&pp=sAQA

560.  ???? ???????? ?? ?????? ? ?????? ??? ?? ???????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Smvp77QKEyE&pp=sAQA

561.  ???? ????? ???? ? ??????? ????? ? ??????? ? ??????? ?????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EF3rv9o2Hf4&pp=sAQA

562.  ???? ???????? ???????? ????? ?? ??????? ????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKOp_994pqk&pp=sAQA

563.  ??????? ???????? ??? ????????? ? ????????? ?????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufCZ59CaL_Y&pp=sAQA

564.  ??????? ????? ????? ? ????? ? ?????? ? ?????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPgc-bE_oEU&pp=sAQA

565.  ??????? ????? ????? ? ?????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-gT9fqdXeM&pp=sAQA

566.  ????? ???? ?????????? ?? ??????? ????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdtyVEY5bXY&pp=sAQA

567.  ????? ? ????? ???????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qW2PDWJaqNU&pp=sAQA

568.  ????? ? ???? ????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJOzg65N4OY&pp=sAQA

569.  ????? ?? ??????? ???????? ?? ????????? ? ?????? ? ?????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIyUmUNFa4A&pp=sAQA

570.  ????? ????????? ???????? ? ???? ?? ?????? ? ???????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUs__YcwhZ8&pp=sAQA

571.  ????? ???? ? ??????? ? ???? ???????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euJYDXd40fs&pp=sAQA

572.  ????? ???? ? ?????? ? ????? ?????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52mLkybofNM&pp=sAQA

573.  ????? ? ??????? ??????????? ? ?????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-UOoUAIO6Q&pp=sAQA

574.  ????? ? ???? ? ????? ??????????? ?? ????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzAMwgyYCDk&pp=sAQA

575.  ????? ? ??????? ????? ????? ? ???????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztpVJrY0jE4&pp=sAQA

576.  ????? ? ???????? ?? ???????? ??????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWEkT5w4BFE&pp=sAQA

577.  ????? ? ?? ???? ????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53O0wKfjI0A&pp=sAQA

578.  ????? ? ?? ??????? ????? ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-3ysEYQ67I&pp=sAQA

579.  ????? ? ??????? ??? ???????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ei8kjhZciXA&pp=sAQA

580.  ????? ? ????????? ??????? ??????? ??? ?????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba6onPA26r8&pp=sAQA

581.  ????? ? ????? ???? ?????? ?? ??????? ????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62CTXtDYxxI&pp=sAQA

582.  ????? ? ?????????? ??????????? ? ???????? ?????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kb8WAslgvhs&pp=sAQA

583.  ????? ? ????? ??????? ?? ????? ? ????? ???? ????? ??? ????? ??? ???????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOtwT4FRXd8&pp=sAQA

584.  ????? ? ???? ? ???????? ????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bNVMLI8ZRE&pp=sAQA

585.  ????? ? ???? ?????? ? ?????? ? ??????? ??????? Nastya and papa playing football.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbeeEYpRSeI&pp=sAQA

586.  ????? ? ???? ??????????? ?? ??????? ? ?????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdePusnD1I0&pp=sAQA

587.  ????? ? ???????? ??? ??? ????? ??????? Nastya and a strange dream pretend play with funny giant doll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsmCNBMzgrQ&pp=sAQA

588.  ????? ?????? ?? ??????? ????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EnM_Se8Ygw&pp=sAQA

589.  ????? ???? ????????? ??????? ?? ??????? ????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7e6R65a8y9U&pp=sAQA

590.  ????? ???? ???????? ??? ??????? ???????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VOknh4d3nI&pp=sAQA

591.  ????? ??? ????????? ?????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVR5cSyCUUI&pp=sAQA

592.  ????? ????? ???????????? ????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ov4pXbWWnYE&pp=sAQA

593.  ????? ???????????? ? ???????? ? ?????? ??????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKYYC7N3dcI&pp=sAQA

594.  ????? ???????? ??? ??? ???? ? ??????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpjXYf5ZUrs&pp=sAQA

595.  ????? ??????? ???????? ? ?????????? ???? ???????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Z5XJkDOBwQ&pp=sAQA

596.  ????? ?????? ???? ? ?????? ???? - Nastya and Papa Pretend Play with Musical Instruments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Iy3Vd9UdaU&pp=sAQA

597.  ????? ???????? ??? ? ?????? ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6TJt6lVFOE&pp=sAQA

598.  ????? ???????? ?????? ? ????? ?????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwySyVXi49c&pp=sAQA

599.  ????? ???? ??????? ?? 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJdNqdKG8L8&pp=sAQA

600.  ???? ???? ????? ???? ??????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lU7olZn1xw&pp=sAQA

601.  ???? ??????????? ???? ? ??????? ? ??????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQWbmKBT4L8&pp=sAQA

602.  ??? ??? ???? ? ??????? ? ??????? ? ???????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7EKfxffV3U&pp=sAQA

603.  ??????? ? ???????? ??????? ? ??????? ??????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EgKL0qmOY0&pp=sAQA
Like Nastya