
1.  $20 and a Turkey Sandwich -- Correct Opinions Pod #26.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaPPeF6i8h4&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

2.  2020 Probs, Roasting Engagements and Crazy White Baby Names -- Correct Opinions Podcast #46.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT_uRmFfkZU&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

3.  5k Race Probz and Reviewing My First Single -- Correct Opinions Pod #9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOmXOdSwVlM&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

4.  Apology Videos, Crazy White Baby Names, and Godzilla vs. Kong  Ep 83.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DSEUpzMgYQ&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

5.  Bachelor Drama and Gorilla Glue Girl - Correct Opinions Podcast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBlgtmgyDBk&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

6.  Bachelorette vs Bachelor Parties and #Instagrannies - Correct Opinions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVlEJWbdPws&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

7.  Blogger Hats, Batman and Airport Probs -- Correct Opinions Pod #5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYczhTFOBOc&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

8.  CDC Being Several Months Behind, Middle School Maddox, and the Oscars  CO Ep 87.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEmueCQbhPQ&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

9.  Counseling, Bidets and R&B Intros -- Correct Opinions Pod #6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCxLE_yWpqU&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

10.  Crazy White Baby Names & Triggered -- Correct Opinions Pod #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvmu0uEtdOU&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

11.  Cryptocurrency Chaos, Triggered, and Terrible TikTok Dating Advice  Ep 89.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKkWmAOJ71o&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

12.  Diets, Genius Business Idea, & Boxing From Anger  CO Ep 93.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CT1rLwmVT2I&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

13.  Do Less Father's Day Posts, Cult Leaders and Sasquatches -- Correct Opinions Podcast #41.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOLtenkQP2c&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

14.  Don't Call Me Precious -- Correct Opinions Pod #10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_v1y20PTlo&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

15.  Don’t Ring my Doorbell -- Correct Opinions Pod #18.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITz3V7eNlH4&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

16.  Drake Bell Reaction, Jake's Laffy Taffy Jokes, & Conor McGregor Recap  Ep 96.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tI2zDlrh098&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

17.  Enough, Fast and the Furious -- Correct Opinions Pod #21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4rE374YnaI&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

18.  Fall Candles Make No Scents and Enough Baby Butt Pics -- Correct Opinions Podcast #56.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6liW4BPDxjA&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

19.  Fall is Not Here Yet!! -- Correct Opinions Podcast #51.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXmTS9BGs2k&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

20.  Fart Forward Episode -- Correct Opinions Pod #13.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7R_fXAJXOkk&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

21.  Ferris Mueller's Report -- Correct Opinions Pod #20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfC4tFC9Eg4&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

22.  Flight Delays, Wedding Speeches, and Puberty -- Correct Opinions Pod #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymf5JW6Nh98&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

23.  Gender Reveal Fails, Dramatic Reading, And Random Bible Verse Baby Names  Ep 86.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_dCvEf4QoI&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

24.  Girl Scout Cookies are better than Westboro Baptist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTevGs3GGog&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

25.  Going On A Date With Your Sister, Olympics Recap, and Triggered  Ep 98.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-6eNanS-PM&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

26.  Helping Our Fans Find Love - Dating Show Podcast - Correct Opinions Ep 73.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JT7oeoVlyk&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

27.  Hey People, Learn How To Talk! CO Ep 92.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11WSXCaGGNY&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

28.  Hogs at the Trough -- Correct Opinions Pod #19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMgY7_MRvRg&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

29.  House Hunters 2021, Sports Clips vs Great Clips, and Dramatic Reading  CO Ep 94.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FUYpvaj9PI&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

30.  How are the crops -- Correct Opinions Pod #15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snJVOtx7xQI&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

31.  How I Met My Wife (Featuring My Wife) -- Special Guest for Episode 50 of Correct Opinions!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d07ss_UZJmM&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

32.  How to stay single and I am not 5'7! -- Correct Opinions Podcast #45.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZPb9C_RzxY&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

33.  I turned my podcast into a dating show for quarantined singles -- Correct Opinions Podcast #34.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0P1EFFR8J1I&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

34.  I'm Ruxton, from Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skQ601p2njA&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

35.  I'm Shawn Mendes' Favorite Viner and My Issues with Costco -- Correct Opinions Podcast #39.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCOOhbC_pAc&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

36.  Immature Brags and a Periodic Elements Song -- Correct Opinions Podcast #48.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10Tys3y9jlQ&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

37.  Kanye West Wants to be President, Fireworks and Cat Parents -- Correct Opinions Podcast #43.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSgmNxAl6DU&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

38.  Khloe Kardashian's new face, Epstein Doc, and Eating Placentas -- Correct Opinions Podcast #38.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDfLm_3YLGw&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

39.  Kim K’s 40th, Civil War and Moms Eating Their Babies — Correct Opinions Podcast #60.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mt6-kSJazXM&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

40.  Kimye Divorce and Trading Bitcoin - Correct Opinions Ep 70.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbR0RzXLgn0&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

41.  Krispy Kreme Vaccine and Cringe Relationship Tips  Ep 82.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wio5Qx1b7iE&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

42.  Love is (not) Blind -- Correct Opinions Pod #25.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8ZXcrnSj1c&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

43.  March Madness, $1000 Giveaway, and Triggered  Correct Opinions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFcqp_DiHb4&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

44.  McGregor Fight and Cringy Christian Sports Video (reaction) - Correct Opinions Ep 72.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXHSr78fhcQ&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

45.  Men Don't Wear Rings and Bad Church Singers -- Correct Opinions Pod #7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKS6G_N0BQQ&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

46.  MLMs, Tom Hanks' Son Chet, and an Interview with Annie F. Downs  Ep #81.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2LNrHyHFD8&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

47.  My Impression of the Presidential Debate and Spooky Season -- Correct Opinions Podcast #55.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reQqQ6mpsUM&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

48.  My Influencer Boxing Match and The Utah Monolith  -- Correct Opinions Podcast #65.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=781PFB07Cfk&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

49.  My Resolution is More Cracks -- Correct Opinions Pod #16.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHCpmn-HXNE&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

50.  My Take on Colder Weather and Election Prediction (kind of) -- Correct Opinions Podcast #59.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WENh_h3awJo&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

51.  My take on Elon Musk's baby, Adele, and an update from Match-Making -- Correct Opinions Podcast #35.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8g0x3pNQKQ&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

52.  My Take on the celebrity Imagine Video -- Correct Opinions Pod #28.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yN16tLlTPWs&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

53.  My take on the Gender Reveal Fire and Ed Sheeran's Baby Name -- Correct Opinions Podcast #52.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzITqWqVjaQ&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

54.  My Thoughts on Cancelling Thanksgiving, Carl Lentz and Garter Tosses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CP5YMmqKhs0&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

55.  My thoughts on Ellen's Return and Extra Eyelashes -- Correct Opinions Podcast #54.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5kngTPH_Pk&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

56.  My Thoughts on Karens and a Special Edition of Triggered -- Correct Opinions Podcast #40.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RSySCdHiyY&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

57.  My Thoughts on MJ's The Last Dance -- Correct Opinions Podcast #33.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DeEymtONfA&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

58.  My Thoughts on the Bachelorette and iPhone 12s -- Correct Opinions Podcast #58.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wC3Hg0G7fsU&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

59.  My thoughts on the Pope and People Asking for Help Moving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnt5xQqPI9Y&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

60.  My thoughts on TikTok and Quarantine Haircuts -- Correct Opinions Podcast #37.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AhmH8g8tC4&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

61.  My thoughts on Zombie Babies, Lebron, and The Pence Fly -- Correct Opinions Podcast #57.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ph7X_70H8B8&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

62.  My Wife and I discuss Gender Reveals and Crazy White Baby Names  Also, Weather  Ep 84.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4b5vxPm_LI&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

63.  My Word of the Year and The Bachelor is Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rE63apqqSiU&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

64.  Nic Cage the Tiger King, Pyramid Scheme Zooms, and Picky Eaters -- Correct Opinions Podcast #36.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9EakRz4weI&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

65.  Olympics Breakdown and Embarrassing High School Stories  CO Ep 97.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeaALexJyxY&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

66.  Parenting a Gamer and Time’s Person of the Year -- Correct Opinions Podcast #66 (1026234).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TrKjqIRaJo&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

67.  Parenting a Gamer and Time’s Person of the Year -- Correct Opinions Podcast #66.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQmqs7ZbiDU&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

68.  Parenting Advice & Planes vs. Ubers -- Correct Opinions Pod #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdWfV-RFhmA&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

69.  Pumpkin Spice Seltzers Are Real -- Correct Opinions Podcast #53.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hucYGRl4F2c&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

70.  Reacting to people naming their kids Covid and Corona -- Correct Opinions Podcast #30.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SeKXaSNCsQ&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

71.  Recap of 2020 and Realistic Resolutions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJFzUIgoh1s&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

72.  Road Trip Struggles, Walmart National Anthem, and Reading Group Messages  CO Ep 95.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWKBoN6-vEs&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

73.  Roasting Live, Laugh, Love and Other White People Signs -- Correct Opinions Pod #27.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zWJ0Sj10fs&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

74.  Roasting MLMs and Braggy Facebook Posts -- Correct Opinions Podcast #47.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDXpezIE7k0&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

75.  Roasting the 5G Conspiracies -- Correct Opinions Podcast #31.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asKTqQ_7IQU&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

76.  Royal Family News and Dramatic Reading  Correct Opinions Podcast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgiSlyV5WJk&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

77.  Shark Tank and an As Seen On TV Product You Definitely Don't Need (reaction) Ep 88.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2Zjou6s0a0&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

78.  Siri is a Brat -- Correct Opinions Pod #11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IytCQZn36Zs&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

79.  Stage Fright and Disney Channel Movies -- Correct Opinions Pod #8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Neu5a42bmgs&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

80.  Super Bowl Commercials and Update on Match Making - Correct Opinions Podcast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q31Q6K0rZ1c&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

81.  That guy that stand when the airplane lands - With Jake Triplett  Ep 85.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpGQp-qzMAc&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

82.  The Craziest Thank You Note and Baby Names of All Time -- Correct Opinions Podcast #42.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YsZ_VmMgaRg&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

83.  The Young King of Instagram -- Correct Opinions Pod #22.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scmGyllA5BY&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

84.  These Piggies Ain't Going to Market -- Correct Opinions Pod #14.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0820F8_KUCQ&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

85.  This is a PC Potty Podcast -- Correct Opinions Pod #17.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IZR0WaeiEU&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

86.  This Netflix Rom-Com Is Too Much.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5mXjquCBKo&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

87.  TikTok bans MLM and Braggy Christmas Cards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qo6k7RJvtdU&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

88.  Transfer of Power and Masks - Correct Opinions Ep 71.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndcq9gLiNOg&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

89.  Vibes Are Up, Logic Is Down  Mask Rules at Bars, The Grammys Reaction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PycpRMxVb3I&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

90.  Virtual Youth Pastor Impressions and Triggered -- Correct Opinions Podcast #49.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYjJze0j7Aw&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

91.  Wedding Hashtags and Baby Got Back (funky folk version) -- Correct Opinions Pod #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKsPZmwY4tg&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

92.  What Triggers Me in Lockdown -- Correct Opinions Pod #29.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxX8PSx9tFY&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

93.  When people make the WORST noises in public...  CO Ep 90.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ommFE2Ovdo&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

94.  Why do celebrities keep doing this -- Correct Opinions Podcast #61.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRriJa2M-8I&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

95.  Will Smith, Plant Parents and Wedding Performances -- Correct Opinions Podcast #44.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbiQdFILPF0&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_

96.  Would You Rather... Questions Are Dumb -- Correct Opinions Podcast #32.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfQOUWmhfdE&list=PL8p1HHVn5asfyL1Nt4vXAskDK70w6oMR_
Correct Opinions