
1.  (Part 2) Explanation of Masculine & Feminine & How to Unify Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vbZejRBamo

2.  13 Confessions of a New Age Guy [Comedy].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZZ4N_avCp4

3.  14 Random Facts About Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FU6yMY2MAL4

4.  3 Different Ways to Deal With Criticism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lq6wKzLlmf4

5.  A Basic Meditation for Beginners (How to Meditate).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-bTU5CWUPs

6.  A beautiful spot in the Himalayas (Manali, India).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hut58jIwLVE

7.  A CALL FOR THE AWAKENING OF HUMANITY (Inspiring Speech).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h37tVVzs0tw

8.  A Message for Those Who Miss the Spirit World (Heaven).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-yFhHiRBsY

9.  A Message to Christians Who Say I'm Going to Hell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jRyG_ZqbeI

10.  A Message to Men on Understanding Women.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pwpa69poAl0

11.  A New Vision of God What Does God want.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwsH2AzfqvI

12.  A Powerful Spiritual Awakening Experience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFsx_U3n-_g

13.  A Powerful Spiritual Healing Exercise—The Body Vibrating Technique.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd6VT5gkcBA

14.  A Powerful Technique for Clearing Energy Blockages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KYRpnJZJEo

15.  A pretty snowstorm in Jasper, Alberta & future travel plans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e45vyKKHit0

16.  A Rant Against Fundamentalist Spirituality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWp6m1VD1eE

17.  A Simple, Powerful Emotional Healing Exercise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oMaqnWga2Q

18.  A Song of Exquisite Beauty & Poignant Melancholy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRv5b8WqPQE

19.  A Spiritual Adventure in Hawaii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_78zpYy2QyA

20.  A Spiritual Analogy for Life on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sv2XdW0p070

21.  A Spiritual Exercise for Releasing Anxiety & Negative Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aowjsFSwmc

22.  A Spiritually Awakened Man (Shunyamurti).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8E87caOL2pw

23.  A Strange Childhood Experience That Blew My Mind Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfRRloTBN1U

24.  A strange story from the Rainbow Gathering in Utah.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUWcP2F5Rg4

25.  A supermoon in Canada & the Grateful Dead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a21HmRzd4w

26.  A taste of real India at Paharganj bazaar, Delhi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNRBdMbFHL4

27.  A taste of real India in Jaisalmer, Rajasthan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8uzTlbaNgw

28.  A Tour of My Life on Planet Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMZvOy5YKUE

29.  A Yoga Lesson for Travelers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-L22DN9p20

30.  Absolute Proof of a Spiritual Reality (Metaphysical Realm).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJ7fisjUYx0

31.  Absolute Proof of Life on Other Planets (Extra-Terrestrials).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22jR0wRWKBo

32.  Abundance vs. Simplicity on the Spiritual Path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9z-xT2HcnU

33.  Acroyoga in Rishikesh, India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwohhOYXSec

34.  Addicted to Conspiracy Porn Conspiracy Paranoia Syndrome.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJY33GR4C2I

35.  Adventures in Astral Travel My Out of Body Experiences (OBE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEDFWgf5T6g

36.  Aloha From Hawaii!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EV4oPC3fsQc

37.  Amazing banyan tree & swimming at Waikiki, Hawaii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXL0uaQfHE4

38.  Amazing FREE intestinal cleanse (colonic)—Saltwater flush.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DH8jX6890y8

39.  Amazing hot springs in the Himalayas (Manakarin, India).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIBz04PuXKE

40.  Amazing views of the Teotihuacan Pyramids, Mexico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cd-13ubAwM

41.  An amazing technique for stress relief in India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quQSOxlCfjQ

42.  An Annoying Thing Conspiracy Theorists Do.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52UrfFT0tzA

43.  An Easy Way to Understand What the Universe Might Be.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Onv8Dwin3cU

44.  An effective muscle relaxation exercise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0EV7IMBOoM

45.  An Explanation of Masculine & Feminine & How to Unify Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0c7gmvs-6M

46.  An Explanation of the Chakras & the Path to Enlightenment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxBfZCqz8vk

47.  An Important Message of Peace from Jesus [Comedy].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=894huY_xRaE

48.  An Urgent Warning to Earth from an Alien [Comedy].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zlt4fza_RU

49.  Are New Age Beliefs a Distraction from Spiritual Growth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7fKiFBYR-A

50.  Are Pleiadians the Angels from the Bible (Channeled Beings).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ywgsBGVtYY

51.  Are Thoughts & Emotions an Illusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5MWN4fzLrQ

52.  Are Yoga and Meditation Evil Yoga and Christianity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcAyyq3Xi44

53.  Are You Prepared to Be Wrong About Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgBkjwG5P6k

54.  Ascension & Enlightenment You Must Go Down Before You Can Go Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZl_QePFPc4

55.  Ascension, Jesus & the Shroud of Turin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iS7z-EM3CVw

56.  Astral Travel & Going to the Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fktFyELvpxU

57.  Author Gabriel Morris on Kundalini, Spiritual Awakening, Teal Swan & More.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVi8PGaBWMk

58.  Avoid titanium dioxide in soap, sunscreen & toothpaste!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEZ1CmGqz9A

59.  Awesome musical jam session in Rishikesh, India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=in-rv1QA7RQ

60.  Awesome Spiritual Authors Carlos Castaneda, Barbara Marciniak, Barbara Hand Clow, Ceanne Derohan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h47e411yngQ

61.  Balancing Spiritual Energies in Trying Times.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxYHizvcQKY

62.  Beautiful Indian music in Rishikesh, India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tquoarLqABE

63.  Beautiful Rainbow Gathering music, by Jeff Curtis Rebirth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NH0ZeIQGCU

64.  Beautiful Rainbow Gathering music, by Jeff Curtis Untitled.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IuSIlN0PVM

65.  Blatant Media Deception to Distract the People—Wake up America!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XK0Bwbdb080

66.  Camping at Steens Mountain in southeast Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvh5178vJbk

67.  Can Spiritual Teachers Be Trusted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-T2pKtp4_Ns

68.  Can the Law of Attraction Help Starving Children in Africa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbCZF412rgs

69.  Can the Rich Get into Heaven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jIGOJ4LQ_g

70.  Catching Butterflies, The Vagabond Song (Paros, Greece).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qI6hbsKbrOY

71.  Coming Consciously Into the Moment (Be Here Now).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CZIx_6a5CY

72.  Confessions I Am a Goddess Worshiper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IBMiT8UJj8

73.  Confessions I Was Raised by Pot-Growing Hippies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SURUG80MU_k

74.  Contradictory Statements of Spiritual Teachers Teal Swan, Bashar, Abraham, A.J. Miller.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdLWbO2EPJU

75.  Create Your Own Religion Reply to Teal Swan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LznYQmr6mL8

76.  Creating a Sacred Spiritual Space.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b54gQHihdgE

77.  Crop Circles Strange Unanswered Questions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipNByRTYMSQ

78.  Dealing with Insomnia & Chronic Exhaustion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-DguaVOR3w

79.  Death of the Ego.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCE-he9A4Jg

80.  Demonstration of Breath of Fire (Yogapranayama).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pjvaSRiJPg

81.  Do No Harm Vegetarianism & Spirituality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnE_cxg4-3M

82.  Do Our Souls Have a Gender (Masculine or Feminine).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVn1Mq0eAKI

83.  Do We Have 2 Suns Binary Star TheoryPrecession of the Equinoxes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqfoGYKsxIw

84.  Does Be Here Now Mean Neglecting the Future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQPzeDdw8Uo

85.  Does true happiness require having no preferences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4nxsKByzUA

86.  Does What We Resist Persist A New Age Mantra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQGyVzwq3mA

87.  Don't Waste Your Time with Positive Thinking!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlnjSPXo0Rg

88.  Earth is Becoming a Powerful Spiritual School.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCJ6I6TXeIM

89.  Earth's Second Sun A Plausible Theory (Binary Star System).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npqqW09nK0M

90.  Easy crown chakra exercise for clearing energy blockages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pC-3nkmqNc

91.  Easy Yoga Anyone Can Do! Sun Salutations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBCbivgKMTY

92.  Easy Yoga in 3 Minutes Forward bend & variations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74ADtZvX_eo

93.  Easy Yoga in 3 Minutes Shoulder stand & plow pose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HV3K2O0VqXo

94.  Easy Yoga in 3 Minutes Spinal flexes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liWEVKwEk4A

95.  Easy Yoga in 3 Minutes Upper body twists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVZwkyLYMuE

96.  Easy yoga lesson in Rishikesh, India, Yoga Capital of the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbkyFQWG6U4

97.  Emotional Breakdown or Spiritual Breakthrough.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c209Dok83Yo

98.  Emotional Wounds Are Like Bullets (Emotional Healing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5c2I3BvySs

99.  Energy Flowing is Bliss! A Spiritual Philosophy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9EjcTrkyGc

100.  Exploring Ecstatic States of Being.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3KSVwUQ70Q

101.  Exploring Incan Ruins in the Andes of Peru (Ollantaytambo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FF23PVi33w

102.  Exploring the desert dunes of Rajasthan, India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kZ5TBZxARs

103.  Exploring the Ganges River in Rishikesh, India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_89UoTbagtw

104.  Exploring the Mayan ruins of Chichen Itza, Mexico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqvJQRzARm8

105.  Exploring the Nature of Mind & Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=be3tLDmP104

106.  Exploring the Thar desert near Jaisalmer, India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcI2gVSElMs

107.  Exploring Varanasi, India on the Ganges River.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcqzYJQ7gmY

108.  Facing Fear for Personal Empowerment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeVWscyafdw

109.  Fear Cannot Hurt You!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMVXqHnrgmo

110.  Fear is the Doorway Back to God.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73NFPxI_zKw

111.  Feminine Power vs. Ancient Visions of God.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70eyDXec4cA

112.  Finding Balance Between Humility & Your Greatness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzhvNeRRYp0

113.  Flat Earth Theory No Way in Hell is the Earth Flat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=495SDjohnyA

114.  Gabriel Kundalini A Journey of Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah5LKM978Og

115.  Gabriel Morris Spiritual Author, World Traveler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-_z83hEJqg

116.  Geology & the Legend of Atlantis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqlEvOpcBlo

117.  Get Off the Internet & Live! Real Life Spirituality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th3WaEY6CnI

118.  Get Real About the New Age Movement! (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjmtjbkzSyA

119.  Get Real About the New Age Movement!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXHSNvV1Fww

120.  Get Your Energy Moving! My Spiritual Philosophy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rh0L65vFk4

121.  Getting blessed in a tantric temple, India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fUoldl_Bro

122.  Giving a Fck vs. Not Giving a Fck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3EUWpxjFBk

123.  God Doesn't Care If You Follow the Rules.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDSmIGG69y8

124.  God is Not a Nerd.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxmK7AaZ4R4

125.  God loves hitchhikers The law of attraction in action.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlJvSrnxcyY

126.  Greetings from Oregon! And travel plans update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_OIIRgzYxQ

127.  Hard at work on the night shift (not).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a27ZxtxYl1w

128.  Hawaiian Raw Food Goddess Dance Party!! With Dan McDonald (LifeRegenerator).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhcoANjhv4U

129.  Healing the Goddess Creation of the Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_7eYchjhC8

130.  Healing the Goddess Kundalini, Jesus & the Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rb0zUAz_jg

131.  Healing the Goddess The Power of Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmxGt8bEJ-8

132.  Healing the Goddess The Role of the Masculine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3z5gUEUnpE

133.  Healing with Kundalini Energy & the Physical Body.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKYp-A1oL9s

134.  Hi From Thailand!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZGKaagqDws

135.  Hiking around Mcleod Ganj, India, home of the Dalai Lama.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyKcksicJmY

136.  Hiking at Polihale State Park, Kauai, Hawaii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSiVHdPIy60

137.  Hiking in the woods, Jasper National Park, Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qpymCw2TW8

138.  Hiking with my brother in the Wallowa Mountains, Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1L5X1U2zafI

139.  Hiking with Teal Swan, the Spiritual Catalyst in Utah.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpj6mY8RuFE

140.  Hilarious Yoga & New Age Quotes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEU4E4GlyDY

141.  Holy Synchronicity, Teal Swan! (Teal Scott).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Wd_NXGKCao

142.  How Can Women Understand Men Better Exploring Masculinity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4-0E3OqYF4

143.  How Can You Experience a Spiritual Awakening (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhBwDb9TShE

144.  How Can You Experience a Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7AeopNmdWc

145.  How does an enlightened person live their life (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFBCVI-kXnA

146.  How does an enlightened person live their life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_RqmGz9Y6M

147.  How Emotion Works (The Feeling Body Explained).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tk028C-f428

148.  How fear rules our lives & what to do about it.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_pZSoL8PTo

149.  How God & the Goddess Became Separated.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqPXEG031SI

150.  How have I changed after Kundalini Awakening 20 years later.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_NRFLdwlFI

151.  How I Came to Earth From Another Dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7x0buJWS28

152.  How I Traveled to Earth From the Stars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tz4s2K3W0M0

153.  How Religion Confuses Lucifer & God The Biggest Spiritual Misunderstanding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-QqHpLQDTQ

154.  How the Hell Do You Say Namaste New Age Comedy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9skQfEL8Mk

155.  How the Illuminati Controls the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sH5VxsTvORA

156.  How to Be Focused On Your Purpose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FOMxT0omb8

157.  How to Be Gracefully Wrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovRg15XLOFc

158.  How to Be Here Now in the Real World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxlA-kU6FBo

159.  How to Break Free from Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kdfvgca2olA

160.  How to catch a bus in India! Incredible India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M1SqQK8qY4

161.  How to Change Your Feelings The Big Secret.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKaGg_xrNhA

162.  How to Combat Lucifer & Repel Evil  ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUt7WqHeoKY

163.  How to Connect With Your Higher Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dvv7HkwYKMA

164.  How to Conquer the Illuminati.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHirOxUkhkw

165.  How to Create Your Own Religion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPbTP3aBqeM

166.  How to deal with anger on the spiritual path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFy4THHemoo

167.  How to Deal with Anxiety (A Spiritual Approach).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0o0SXnqiQME

168.  How to Deal with Bullies A Simple Solution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I33Xjo6cjDg

169.  How to Deal with Criticism from Others.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4RQ3LDlBaM

170.  How to Deal with Emotional Hell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lpjGYqZtjg

171.  How to Deal with Strange Spiritual Energies & Experiences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUc3G8fN7B4

172.  How to Evolve Your Soul (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hL8Afv1fkGs

173.  How to Evolve Your Soul (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBXdpEcwshU

174.  How to Evolve Your Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72Ha74ITjQ0

175.  How to Experience Altered States of Consciousness (Without Drugs!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLSXYagAzUI

176.  How to Express Your Emotions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgYSXp37Ilo

177.  How to Face Your Fears (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk6vlo4c7QU

178.  How to Face Your Fears.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBWf-fGnOqI

179.  How to Fall Off a Tree Doing Yoga.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LylJ7z5n9dI

180.  How to Feel Greater Peace of Mind in 1 Minute.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUcs5IBCr0g

181.  How to Free Yourself From the Projections of Others.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCcfKibMeqg

182.  How to Get Closer to God.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRHz4RkkCSI

183.  How to Get High on Life (Spiritual Inspiration).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XW7xl_23Rx8

184.  How to Get More Spiritually Grounded.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgU7zwVVWvM

185.  How to Get Radical on the Spiritual Path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqAM4FK12og

186.  How to Identify False Spiritual Teachers & Gurus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Jp__HsadbY

187.  How to Inspire More Love in the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSgePtP4ZTo

188.  How to Love a Woman Tantric Sex Techniques.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7E_BGCB_xo

189.  How to Love Your Body & the Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOJPs-uxZSw

190.  How to Meditate An Explanation of Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yof7kBV52As

191.  How to Raise Your Spiritual Vibration A Lesson in Oneness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCIKfURgE9w

192.  How to Release Anger for Greater Peace of Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3iIm-9ze9k

193.  How To Save the World With Your Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UElMl_lIwSE

194.  How to Save Your Soul—Without Jesus!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3ZyNmvNPIY

195.  How to Stop Thinking & Calm the Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1mNitjjN-0

196.  How We Create Our Reality (Law of Attraction).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZLC9W9dzs4

197.  I definitely have an interesting life!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nib5OqHHdyE

198.  I'm Committed to Helping Heal the Planet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bseCn_kez1E

199.  I'm Confused About A.J. Miller (Divine Truth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNFBsoygawk

200.  Identifying Unacceptable Outcomes in Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pn3_mcOgp3A

201.  If Angels Played Guitars in Heaven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sq3BBZFKBlE

202.  In Defense of the New Age Movement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pWevaNa7Jc

203.  India Travel A weird story from Varanasi on the Ganges River.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ew_OnOcqevk

204.  Inside a mysterious, magical cave in India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2c1-9_CnnDU

205.  Interview with a Tantrica What is Tantra Asttarte Deva Shakti Bliss.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fk49oN1cnAE

206.  Intriguing Interview on Love & Relationships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oQnHifbiZ8

207.  Is a world economic collapse coming soon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RR5KETiT4qA

208.  Is A.J. Miller the Return of Jesus Christ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohC3ihLYBUg

209.  Is body movement during meditation okay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQX5w1lrgC4

210.  Is Fasting Safe My Juice & Water Fasting Experiences & Advice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stjttPUTCxY

211.  Is Fresh Juice Better Than Sex A Juicy Comedy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XomfiYfD4HQ

212.  Is individual will opposed to Divine Will.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKOe2WDu0Uo

213.  Is Jesus Christ Buried in Kashmir, India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwTmzyaUNu4

214.  Is Killing Bugs Wrong An Ethical Quandary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOQRQmePpqk

215.  Is life a movie and we're all actors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCoTYoVIHtk

216.  Is Love Simple or Complicated.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2atFVpyoe84

217.  Is Money Evil Understanding Money & Spirituality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Vf7dT321kU

218.  Is Negative Energy Bad or Is It Necessary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2_DjvdfQ_U

219.  Is Non-Attachment in Love Possible.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVqxHBqo4uM

220.  Is Science a Religion A New Age Critique of Science & Physics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9Ueay_AJao

221.  Is the ego bad Understanding ego in our lives.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6nx0dDl0To

222.  Is the New Age Movement a Money-Making Scam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZ_naLke8Hs

223.  Is the New Age Movement a Religion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOdGPju_DTQ

224.  Is the Shroud of Turin Real or a Hoax.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8slB4JSULRg

225.  Is the Universe a Holographic Illusion What Does That Mean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QVzQyCWqpA

226.  Is there good & evil or is everything love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qo1p_uaELaw

227.  Jesus Will Not Save You! The Misunderstanding of Christianity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnwmWxaE_dc

228.  Jesus, Mary & Tantric Sex Temples of India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NgLPBzeXuo

229.  Just another day in Hawaii....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWcMIT52UV4

230.  Keys to Happiness in Life Breaking the Mold (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQxx8VzZOP4

231.  Keys to Happiness in Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIjwaGJFl2A

232.  Kundalini & the Art of Being A Story of Kundalini Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mxy8svsW5wE

233.  Kundalini & the Power of Awakening A Spontaneous Kundalini Experience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMmv1j2V7lQ

234.  Kundalini and the Art of Being A powerful story of spiritual awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGcE9_xJeO4

235.  Kundalini Awakening Discussion Interview with Author Gabriel Morris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wiRs9MUsHQ

236.  Kundalini Awakening vs. Other Spiritual Awakenings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adtyBWl88Yk

237.  Kundalini discussion in India Kundalini awakening, kundalini energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQupfcIH7Hg

238.  Kundalini is a River The Power of Kundalini Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_knu8h5av8

239.  Kundalini is Consciousness Exploring Kundalini Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OziUJs7lQpI

240.  Kundalini is Love Understanding Kundalini Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhxy6QrqpJk

241.  Kundalini Love Bliss Activation Connecting with Will.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUI2jxLQCEU

242.  Kundalini, the Goddess, Jesus & Sexual Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeadrGCTyoc

243.  LEVITATING WHILE MEDITATING! How To Levitate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0nj5w91E90

244.  Living with birds in my hut in the Indian desert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_p-9M8GVvi4

245.  Living Without Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-KcIPLd5Bo

246.  Love & a Call for Love (A Course in Miracles).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sloZM3EOzeM

247.  Love & Fear on the Spiritual Path A Deeper Perspective.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXsrnHPwJoc

248.  Love is On the Other Side of Fear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RjvaayUWiI

249.  Love, Sex & Relationships A Woman's View.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P74esQyWnDw

250.  Manifesting Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hji3UPGOHc0

251.  Men Who Are Vampires of Feminine Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrKFE9G4IXc

252.  Monkeys up close & personal in Bali, Indonesia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36Eh8xpOBcU

253.  Mountain biking in the woods in Jasper N.P., Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVhN4TPj4RI

254.  My 15-Minute Beach Yoga Warm-Up Routine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ski6vAqnHjI

255.  My Constructive Criticisms of Buddhism (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPPId5os9Ts

256.  My Constructive Criticisms of Buddhism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucHQQ3kB3Cw

257.  My Crazy Cool 1980s High School Scrapbook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hoLXd8aMHk

258.  My Disagreement with the Buddha.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNZ6M8rK6Ak

259.  My experience with a strange cult in Sedona, Arizona (Aquarian Concepts).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqUDx7ts984

260.  My Experience with Mooji in India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts-iiIfXNCE

261.  My Out of Body Experience Astral TravelProjection (OOBE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cRVQyJtTlM

262.  My personal experiences with Solara, spiritual author.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXpZfGBPEgM

263.  My Powerful Kundalini Awakening Experience Dealing with Kundalini.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_psIaEDGNzo

264.  My Religion is Honesty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mItKxApeBA4

265.  My Strange Quest for Enlightenment A Funny Journey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkLkyinPzTg

266.  My Strange Supernatural Experiences in the Spirit World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JS76VkM3Is

267.  Mystical Yoga Images in a Strange Cave in India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nYuo4RAEyw

268.  Natural, Organic Gardening Tips, with Sterling Starseed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJmH-eowp6g

269.  Nature & the spiritual path Love the Earth!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbwMp4ofPFg

270.  Negative Emotion vs. Love and Happiness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAqbtRjnzyo

271.  New Age Channeling How to Channel an Alien Being.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WbFh8njMvE

272.  New Age Ideas are Being Proven by Science.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJISsb7jKlc

273.  New Age Lingo What Does Getting Triggered Mean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmViuaQgmDo

274.  New Age Response to Mark Passio on New Age Bullshit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2s-c3n4cG30

275.  No Way in Hell are Crop Circles a Hoax!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abCH28uHvXU

276.  No Way in Hell is the Shroud of Turin a Hoax!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_P1XSZYo4I

277.  Obsessive Thoughts Hide Denied Emotions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyNgGl_PhPA

278.  One of the Biggest Spiritual Misconceptions (Attachment).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=It2xsehZRJU

279.  Oneness vs. Duality, Creative vs. Reactive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KY_9BQM4SEc

280.  Open Mic Music & Talent Show in Honolulu, Hawaii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJCLZz-v4SU

281.  Opening the Heart Chakra to Love and Compassion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NhF2uqT38E

282.  Part 2, How to Save Your Soul—Without Jesus!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5NQopxaQU8

283.  Peace & Love from Kashmir, India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4qaG68JV5E

284.  Plato's Allegory of the Cave A fascinating spiritual paradigm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kF71R36fOzY

285.  Plato's Allegory of the Cave, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIPxBCmhjDs

286.  Positive Focus vs. Embracing the Shadow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRY9h8V9Mb0

287.  Practical relationship advice It's not about being right.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiM4k3PzlRQ

288.  Pranayama (Yogic Breathing), Meditation & Omming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGGXypqbN8s

289.  Primal spirituality Claiming your personal power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_l9x_XArW0

290.  Proof of Reincarnation Scientific Research of Past Lives.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZKEP_hA_vU

291.  Psychedelic graffiti in Oaxaca, Mexico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i0aAqnmdI0

292.  Psychedelic Yoga at Incredible Mayan Pyramids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVkOzo5KUiQ

293.  Psychedelic Yoga at Machu Picchu, Peru.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrHPoNBdGn0

294.  Psychedelic Yoga Bloopers & Outtakes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jl_rtoEdxcQ

295.  Psychedelic Yoga in a Hotel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LiJGQyQZlE

296.  Psychedelic Yoga in a Strange Cave in India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RulohMjzE4w

297.  Psychedelic Yoga in Bali, Indonesia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZ2ajixtqQM

298.  Psychedelic Yoga in the Snow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QE7cH0CZrd8

299.  Psychedelic Yoga in the Wilderness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuGRkzZQjSE

300.  Psychedelic Yoga Music Videos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owEqF8GTRFI

301.  Psychedelic Yoga on a Caribbean Island.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLi8xySZzJk

302.  Psychedelic Yoga on a Secret Beach in Hawaii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkprhFnCxKE

303.  Psychedelic Yoga on the Night Shift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tB8na3RPxwM

304.  Psychedelic Yoga Photos in a Cave in India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uqifiyLJeE

305.  Radical Honesty in Romantic Relationships Men, women, love & communication.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GautudO9BHE

306.  Rainbow Gathering 2014 in Utah!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmcukjmvT3g

307.  Rainbow Gatherings An Experience of Peace & Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OelF3Ivk098

308.  Rainbow Gatherings An Ideal Political Structure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggWhoEAY8L0

309.  Real Evidence of Atlantis A Cosmic Catastrophe 12,000 Years Ago.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKZlWgZG6yw

310.  Real love reflects other's self-love back to them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MogSQm4MWHE

311.  Reply to Eckhart Tolle on Excessive Thinking (A Better Idea).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37mTtUR53bs

312.  Reply to Leija Turunen ) Don't Take Shit Too Personally!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaOZVaRiIOU

313.  Reply to Polona Somrak in a beautiful fairy forest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dsqaTVUjMM

314.  Reply to Teal Swan on Healing the Past.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4Gu4u9KFFo

315.  Reply to Teal Swan on Spiritual Bypassing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0EEFjK5q8c

316.  Reply to Teal Swan on Spirituality 2.0.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxsmeU8n5a8

317.  Resolving Anxiety, Stress, Anger & Energy Blockages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fk_yHM7EIw

318.  Response to Ma Nithya Sudevi Denying the Lower Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ti6v8IWl5Y

319.  Response to Ma Nithya Sudevi Starseeds and Lightworkers, Wake up!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIiW8RiKiTE

320.  Response to Ma Nithya Sudevi, Part 2 Starseeds and Lightworkers, Wake up!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhoXMYIzgq4

321.  Rishikesh, India Beautiful views of the Ganges River.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuWpVbgd8Sk

322.  Rishikesh, India Yoga Capital of the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MREJ4Jdr3vs

323.  Romantic Relationships Finding Balance Between Men & Women.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsY0-A5gkfU

324.  Saltwater flush intestinal cleanse Awesome digestive aid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-PvStMlxac

325.  Self Love vs. Self Denial—Finding the Middle Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAnECypFZHw

326.  Self mastery vs. self control on the spiritual path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dpAltDkM7g

327.  Sexual comments on Facebook (Wise up guys!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ejVhGS6Izg

328.  Should we care what others think of us.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zdc68PdGX-I

329.  Should we fear God, or is God only love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pTQ8q7mFk0

330.  Some of My Favorite Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp-0kYIHKOQ

331.  Soul Mates & Twin Flames Explained Men, Women, Love, Relationships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJOsEj8Kj2o

332.  Spiritual Crisis How to Handle Kundalini Energy & Kundalini Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQXgKfIfapo

333.  Spiritual Healing for Men Practicing Self-Awareness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEwQK1HtaCE

334.  Spiritual hitchhiking, creating your reality & trusting the universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEVSY3q0KRM

335.  Spiritual questions and quandaries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dwi6WryU4k

336.  Spiritual Shortcuts (Look Deeper Within).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpbNZHYCPpA

337.  Spiritual Shortcuts (Working With Energy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0BepqnaMo0

338.  Spiritual Things to Do While Driving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPr4fAYmkM4

339.  Spirituality 101 Explained.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOx5pMT2YOA

340.  Spirituality in the Real World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfepLkh5lvw

341.  Spontaneous jam session in a restaurant in India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPCD7c19cc4

342.  Staying Alive in Toronto, Canada Colorful Bloor Street.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyCqEdH2K9U

343.  Story of a Powerful Spiritual Teacher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yynza9lPldg

344.  Suggestions for Insomnia Natural Remedies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALrmVJCGGNI

345.  Sunset over the Ganges River, Rishikesh, India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6NGXOPL5xY

346.  Take Charge of Your Enlightenment! Creating Your Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-u1tEzefOSM

347.  Teal Swan (Teal Scott) is Awesome! The Spiritual Catalyst.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Wveruynqi4

348.  Teal Swan Blows Your Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFCqyOyaeUE

349.  Teal Swan Describes the Spirit Realm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dsTaEvFdqA

350.  Teal Swan Discusses Aliens in the 3rd Dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGG8LCLEKTU

351.  Teal Swan Discusses Anger & How to Deal With It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yOH4BPi9pE

352.  Teal Swan Discusses Crop Circles & E.T.'s.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lhl8_MLtEw

353.  Teal Swan Discusses Earth's Second Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eea1D-j82A

354.  Teal Swan Discusses Future Events on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5Z5BuXuyHo

355.  Teal Swan Discusses Her Marriage & Relationship Lessons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYEnIPexyXE

356.  Teal Swan Discusses Jesus, Christianity & Islam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5U4Yirwwgs

357.  Teal Swan Discusses the Sex Chakra & Sexual Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZZcEwKNBMw

358.  Teal Swan Explains God & Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zs7a0QoNQWA

359.  Teal Swan Explains How Spirits Come to Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wayYC2ytJY

360.  Teal Swan Explains Spiritual Ascension & Enlightenment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2v6YhRRU7U

361.  Teal Swan Explains the Higher Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k9SW3WjBdQ

362.  Teal Swan Explains the Law of Attraction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRarqnhk74o

363.  Teal Swan Interview God, Love, Aliens, Crop Circles, Ascension & More!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F06n2ZI9pz0

364.  Teal Swan Interview Her Childhood, E.T.s, The Law of Attraction & More.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuaNpSKN_2k

365.  Teal Swan Is Life a Movie and We're All Actors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArWP3w2SQxE

366.  Teal Swan on Her Childhood of Ritual Abuse & Torture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mumkO5lz9Sc

367.  Teal Swan on her Experience Traveling to China.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4QVkKi9yg0

368.  Teal Swan on Her Past Life as Sai Baba from India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuMr2BrIuyM

369.  Teal Swan on How to Be More Confident.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9RuTKYdAcA

370.  Teal Swan on Kundalini, Christ's Return, Walk-Ins & More.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYIhhVnPQ-o

371.  Teal Swan on Love, Sex, Tantra, Men & Women.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-dAjRohStg

372.  Teal Swan on Meditation, Eastern Philosophy, the Astral Plane, Dimensions & More.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MoKhbcTIes

373.  Teal Swan on Multi-Dimensional Reality & E.T.s on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohUXbF_NCxA

374.  Teal Swan on President Obama & World War 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5oSLdjHtE8

375.  Teal Swan on Self-Expression & Radical Honesty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTXMOuTBQZA

376.  Teal Swan on Starseeds, E.T.'s, the Spirit Realm, Higher Self, Future Events on Earth & More.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioK8wIbXc1o

377.  Teal Swan on Starseeds, Pleiadians & How E.T.s Come to Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxMyAVn1Mic

378.  Teal Swan on Syria, Obama, WW3 & the World Economy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FgS2Y0BIk4

379.  Teal Swan Raw & Unedited Small Talk & Deep Thoughts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEDJ6ax9I1o

380.  Teal Swan Sex Advice for Men & Women.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6e7-fpXhU8

381.  Teal Swan Talks About Physical Beauty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nW63-x7t6VI

382.  Teal Swan UPDATE on Earth's Future 2015 & Beyond.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puH8HZef6uY

383.  Teal Swan's Out-of-Body Experiences (Astral Travel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wao7LqgSDzI

384.  Teal Swan, the reincarnation of Sai Baba from India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hd7A2z-L8g4

385.  Thanks for everything Jasper! I'm fing outta here!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6MqHxA4j4M

386.  Thanks to 20,000 subscribers! And update from Nepal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2qpxmmZx58

387.  The #1 Problem on Earth (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QF_7_b7ZXwE

388.  The #1 Problem with Religion & Most Spiritual Paths.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3xI2gE8OhQ

389.  The Anti-Spiritual Spiritual Approach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOOMWq7NGbc

390.  The Awkward Meditation Technique (A Lesson in Self-Love).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSqxTL44nH8

391.  The Bear Who Wanted to Be a Bear (A Story of Remembrance).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJAmAk4PiYM

392.  The beauty of nature & future travel plans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4HY96Up8nU

393.  The benefits of yoga & pranayama for body, mind & soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oPuGgQwynk

394.  The Best Band Nobody's Heard Of.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NW3SlvRGvyQ

395.  The Biggest Misconception About God.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_cTcqMITHo

396.  The Conspiracy Against Life-Force Energy (Kundalini).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ki8-VL6okr0

397.  The Day I Visited the Tomb of Jesus in India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr11-9slAYA

398.  The Deeper Meaning of Namaste from India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSLzjM1jK6I

399.  The Difference Between the Mind & Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2vonTWO2yg

400.  The Emotional Revolution Spiritual Healing in the Modern World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4GOpXdJpEk

401.  The End of the World As We Know It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijP76W-zLn8

402.  The Fall of Atlantis 12,000 Years Ago Solid Evidence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8sZYnt6W-4

403.  The Feng Shui of Life—Channeling Chi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cG_bRWAgsKs

404.  The Folly of Contrarianism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkMGE4FKGDM

405.  The Folly of Destroying Your Ego.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-fwC2UliU8

406.  The Fukushima Nightmare & Nuclear Insanity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOIgHbawdC0

407.  The Greatest Service You Can Offer the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlmKW_4hMEU

408.  The head-patting exercise for stress relief.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrkX_AjREA0

409.  The Hitchhiker's Guide to Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu-85aUH8oQ

410.  The Hitchhiker's Principle A Message of Hope.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9cNmU1aZ9U

411.  The Importance of Bodywork Massage, yoga, reiki, acupuncture, tai chi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cC17B0cYbOA

412.  The Importance of Emotional Healing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvHz86JiZ7U

413.  The Importance of the Grand Spiritual Quest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9aaJ9oD9fQ

414.  The Importance of Throwing Out Your Holy Books.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q00bZ9l0O6s

415.  The Introduction to My Interview With Teal Swan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Eyo7it_u-g

416.  The Key to Discovering Spiritual Truth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zif0RbIaVY

417.  The Key to Understanding Reality & Personal Power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLhfS6pTnp0

418.  The Law of Attraction is Like a River.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVeJkDK_nj8

419.  The Meaning of Life Have fun & learn something!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJrc8eeGID4

420.  The miracle of aloe vera for skin & hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McNgwac8TGU

421.  The Misunderstanding of Spiritual Enlightenment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9SnjHFkYyo

422.  The Most Hilarious Thing That Ever Happened.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrOkIpgyd1I

423.  The Most Important Spiritual Principle The Power of Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7YQge0EhMo

424.  The Most Important Thing in Life & the Spiritual Path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcT5_7ZChYA

425.  The myth of spiritual detachment from thoughts and emotions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c80A5iQ5_R0

426.  The Online Spiritual Revolution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuGe9obwpIo

427.  The perfect imperfection of life, the universe & everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llOGZTsygPs

428.  The Power & Folly of Radical Honesty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzYiI71KtfE

429.  The Power and Limitations of Positive Thinking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6h1jgNkm-Qk

430.  The Power of Consciousness is Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrREfpDLf0c

431.  The Power of Emotions on the Spiritual Path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaNUKfYzX58

432.  The Power of Kundalini Awakening A Cautionary Tale.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6o9sUrUm4z0

433.  The power of omming during meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39-deW22mLU

434.  The Power of Pranayama (Life-Force Energy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBbivGjT8OA

435.  The Precession of the Equinoxes Explained The 26,000-Year Great Year Cycle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BZfJrECQck

436.  The Problem With Forgiveness (A Course in Miracles).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzcHs4mrtPU

437.  The Problem with Most Human Souls (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyOPA38ts9A

438.  The Problem with Most Human Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcu2RqI5ot8

439.  The Problem with Science A Spiritual Perspective.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bSb5lTeqTXs

440.  The Problem with Spiritual Teachers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V27gv-6wS28

441.  The Quickest Path to Enlightenment A Powerful Lesson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIoVDwumErQ

442.  The Real Power of Consciousness The Core Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGxsnTpwvak

443.  The REAL Secret of the Law of Attraction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSjnmSkqukU

444.  The Root Cause of Suffering & Unhappiness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mte-o4cox-0

445.  The Secret Key to Spiritual Healing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBcSS5Kh0KA

446.  The Spiritual Benefits of Fasting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ka0tzE0xda0

447.  The Spiritual Path is Not an Intellectual Exercise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wsnlo8r2fgQ

448.  The Story of My 8-Hour Meditation Experience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PG3rappdz5c

449.  The Story of My First Vision Quest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwI5BM8Lldk

450.  The Truth is in Your Heart!  ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ce8w7lAv60Q

451.  The Ultimate Goal of the Spiritual Quest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Orvx0BxSTE

452.  The Ultimate Key to Enlightenment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pX_bzcABvU

453.  The Vision Quest & Fasting to Alter Your Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHAzn_rOwo0

454.  The wisdom of non-judgment on the spiritual path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyc9pp5ybTs

455.  The World is More Beautiful Than You Realize.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7a0DF3PL3k8

456.  The Yoga Travelers Spiritual Adventures Around the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6ZQ9LyJ-tg

457.  There is No Enlightenment Without Emotion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjW_0ouLmhI

458.  There is NO Grand Scientific Conspiracy Hiding the Truth from You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuhrsioT4M0

459.  There is No Love Without the Feminine (Goddess).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdSgzlIckoo

460.  Things are about to get awesome! (Despite the typhoon).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5LyXAjotyc

461.  This Song Will Touch You Deep Within.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKhtSECqXp0

462.  Time Does Not Heal Wounds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUQhkqFg9hg

463.  Tips for Challenging Kundalini Symptoms & Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7t8nQL2hu6s

464.  Tips for Greater Self-Love & Inner Strength.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm6xRcZsQjE

465.  To Change the World, Be Your Authentic Self!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GnC3hHiuPI

466.  To Hili Bug ) Beautiful Kate Wolf song, Highway in the Wind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JH4KMPeDqvI

467.  Tour of a beautiful ashram in Bali (Ashram Munivara).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l05xq_uSqsY

468.  Tour of a beautiful fairy garden & labyrinth in Sedona, Arizona.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygjF51_91ys

469.  Tour of a Hindu temple and a blessing in India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeZu5EwyBCU

470.  Tour of an amazing Hindu temple in the Indian desert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7K_h3tynj9Y

471.  Tour of Orr Nude Hot Springs Resort, Northern California.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3cPt7ss_Ig

472.  Traditional Mexican spiritual ceremony on the Yucatan peninsula.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfVtdQnVcss

473.  Traveling as a Spiritual Practice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZNiRuug5uE

474.  Trusting the Universe vs. Making Shit Happen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HKPvbObp84

475.  Trusting the Universe When Things Go Wrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0B6EtRjlCw

476.  Truth Seekers Don't Be Fooled By the Wrong Conspiracies!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nI378R-yC4Q

477.  ULTRA SPIRITUAL STRIKES BACK!! A Reply to JP Sears.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxbLqDT_E6E

478.  Understanding Different Levels of Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tLauQCTIF8

479.  Understanding Karma & the Law of Attraction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKMp1Iupq40

480.  Understanding the Divide Between Men & Women.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Azd1i6VqEzY

481.  Understanding the Power of Feminine Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6r1k4LhZ_8

482.  Understanding Women, Sex & Relationships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3N9YU6bl-w

483.  Walking in a winter wonderland in Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HU3akj1KMc

484.  Watch Out For Stevia! My Really Bad Stevia Experiences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EokbuqnE0cY

485.  We are islands in the ocean of God Exploring the nature of consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFTAwEUPxBA

486.  We Can't Forsake Earth on the Spiritual Path!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1qPFtNolAs

487.  We Don't Need a Messiah to Save the World (A.J. Miller).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2qZJ8XW44M

488.  We're All Searching for Ecstasy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlCQEstQGfk

489.  Weird Shit Teal Swan Says [Funny].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQUt7uobPHE

490.  Welcome to winter in the Canadian Rockies!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLvCSzdBKwA

491.  Were Humans Vegan or Vegetarian in the Ancient Past.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxNRM0W6d68

492.  What are Altered States of Consciousness & How to Achieve Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4jr0ruYpIc

493.  What are Rainbow Gatherings A Human Experiment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7quXKTq1zoI

494.  What are Soulmates vs. Twin Flames.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDf6vngsBgc

495.  What are Starseeds Messengers from Afar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2_Fdm6r14c

496.  What are the Benefits of Yoga Yoga Demonstration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1j-JEo3In1c

497.  What Do Women Really Want from Men.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WB_9C1hfqtw

498.  What Happens at a Rainbow Gathering Experimental Village.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdK0oTRFtSs

499.  What if When We Die, That's the End.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGY7cDgSmW4

500.  What is a Buddhist stupa Symbol of enlightenment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oi8a_pl-fIU

501.  What is a sweat lodge And how to build one.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMsWFc_ILVQ

502.  What is a Vision Quest Native American Spiritual Tradition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFVKPb1CacY

503.  What is Christ Consciousness Unconditional Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40QvrmyvAsU

504.  What is Deja Vu Visions of the Future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50m_92ycGG4

505.  What is Emotional Intelligence The Power of Emotion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lj1KsfF-Cfs

506.  What is Enlightenment A Spiritual Illusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkPxzolRRbw

507.  What is Free Will A Unique Perspective.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iA4uxZNppPw

508.  What is Full Kundalini Awakening vs. Partial Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0is0n1lBDOQ

509.  What is guilt really How guilt constricts our reality & vibration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWRvGtD6R0E

510.  What is Karma The Law of Attraction and Vibration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtKbgtJ4uUM

511.  What is Mindfulness Being in the Present Moment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3vi-RwpMtE

512.  What is my diet Tour of my fridge & where I'm living.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vay0Xte0vg

513.  What is Non-Resistance Reply to Teal Swan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUcRpVCJLzw

514.  What is Shadow Work The Path to Inner Power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkFjhz7C414

515.  What is Shadow Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxYHbV-mfwQ

516.  What is Shamanism Bridging Worlds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWEPPEEeByU

517.  What is Shamanism Exploring the Spirit Realm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkm3sq5sERo

518.  What is Spiritual Ascension A New Age Fairy Tale.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egn6bT6RRLs

519.  What is Synchronicity The Universe Conspiring Cooperatively to Create Your Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEiCUzvil2w

520.  What is the #1 Problem on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXuPtOt4ZyQ

521.  What is the Buddhist Middle Way BuddhismGautama BuddhaSiddhartha.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aX7QU1j1tts

522.  What is the Goddess & the Divine Feminine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vKM9owgl_M

523.  What is the Holographic Universe A Spiritual Mystery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvUGXM7tqmw

524.  What is the Law of Attraction An Explanation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rhwi8rVpp38

525.  What is the Real Meaning of Life A Spiritual Journey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFjoCkx18aQ

526.  What is the spiritual quest, in a nutshell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwRctMLwiLM

527.  What is Your Spiritual Quest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-10MfXk5SU

528.  What Makes a Good Spiritual Teacher or Guru.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y33RvBMKWD0

529.  What the Heck is Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7oEn_fyo-0

530.  What the Hell is the Point of the Spiritual Path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KqAg3NVmt2M

531.  What's a Cult vs. a Spiritual Community.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBII3sY5L9A

532.  What's the Deal With Narcissism A Spiritual Perspective.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJIk0FTRs9M

533.  When in Doubt, Breathe! Conscious Breathing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpSHaher1sE

534.  Where Do My Spiritual Insights Come From.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_bGMSXrh_4

535.  Who are the Pleiadians 5th Dimensional Beings from the Pleiades Star System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZvzMRiOwOM

536.  Who is Dan Millman Spiritual Visionary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNgM_68Dg8I

537.  Who or What is God God & Oneness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUFHXW5AkMg

538.  Who or What is Lucifer Light Bearer, Bringer of Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWEybDn3iIU

539.  Who was Carlos Castaneda Author of The Teachings of Don Juan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrFekt8_86c

540.  Why do many Lightworkers feel so exhausted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a69E9M5Mq0I

541.  Why I Disagree with Ma Nithya Sudevi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-g6knnB3wQ

542.  Why is Kundalini Awakening Often Traumatic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mlbl4OCu5lE

543.  Why is the World So Fucked Up A Spiritual Explanation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBzHrOM58LA

544.  Why Mark Passio is Both Right & Wrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SaQ6OQAn248

545.  Why Modern Science is Doomed to Failure A Spiritual Analysis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVO9wF1kfTk

546.  Why should men feel emotions Finding balance between masculine and feminine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VL4tq4lG0fo

547.  Why Travel to India Land of Incredible Experiences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1u6Povw5zo

548.  Why You Should Find Truth Within.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9RXpFTussg

549.  Will There Be Depopulation on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIQCSs5hktI

550.  Women are calling for men to be more present.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrFRkNhN0OY

551.  Women Are Closer to God (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZuonGibQ9c

552.  Women Are Closer to God Understanding Feminine Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6K_yH0a3l8Y

553.  Would the world be better if Jesus never came to Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNzRZpKiQ6w

554.  Yoga in Strange Places Around the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eq0_hRb9EGM

555.  Yoga in the Incredible Himalayas of Nepal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-_SV6oNsuk

556.  Yoga in the snow Elevated lotus pose, spinal flex & spinal twist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95wnkWcw4SY

557.  Yoga is Fucking Awesome! The Power of Yoga.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31EZQA-F_VQ

558.  Yoga lesson in a beautiful meadow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4E7y7fLDqg

559.  Yoga lesson in Hawaii Pranayama (Yogic Breathing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HucEkdsEkMQ

560.  Yoga lesson on a beach in Hawaii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXdLM_Agdjw

561.  Yoga postures in a strange cave in India.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzP0OzhcnUw

562.  Your True Nature is Ecstasy Finding Eternal Bliss Within.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEg2gFpPy0o
Inner Quest - Videos