
1.  A counter project in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUm1evTJ2Z8

2.  Basics of functions in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwDHINjr1AQ

3.  Better code with object chain in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ko5tv0tP6XA

4.  Borrow a method using bind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoUboMfIemw

5.  Callback and arrow function introduction in array.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tny4_-QjNHg

6.  Classes and module exports in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQCdwX0p_tc

7.  Closure in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bC-ilFHSt4s

8.  Code hoisting in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ta1umc3tkQ

9.  Coercion and falsy values in JavaScript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0O-9uXmqbFI

10.  Confusing part of THIS in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTPt5XO7KoU

11.  Destructure the data in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brtUfHte9uc

12.  Event listener in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBnsO6QWGEY

13.  Event loop  Will javascript wait.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvTMIKHvPxU

14.  Fill and Filter in Array in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2k6osJPXsgk

15.  Fixing the bug in game  Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqOUYVjllVE

16.  For Each loop in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAFjcAxcNcY

17.  For in and for of loop in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlagmmCwOU4

18.  For loop basics in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26QWcjTdJGM

19.  Functions in variable  User Role in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEX8ohGSOyc

20.  Generating elements and Text node in DOM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEj0IsPa37M

21.  Get Computed properties in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NONbkVx5FAM

22.  Get to know game files.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksV07bvCR3c

23.  Get to know node Elements in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPBPlNABfpk

24.  How to grab web elements in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkOL-mZjq60

25.  How to Handle API in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjbsRjf8QN8

26.  Inheritance in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FX2hGgUPbeY

27.  Introduction to Array in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lr-uGVNM8Ko

28.  Lexical scoping in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qT5S7GgIioE

29.  Light intro to THIS in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTACw0-yAzc

30.  Logic of game  javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0KQP7qfrYo

31.  Logical conditional Login in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uT9n7iIxEw8

32.  Maps in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMfMdE3wifs

33.  Methods and objects in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqBaQHXHwm0

34.  New keyword in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uhp9xPCILno

35.  Objects from MDN docs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IH7TJla_rwY

36.  Objects in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPddGlSIV3M

37.  Operators in javascript  Calculate discount.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxyFRb0_eUQ

38.  Our first User Signup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sb5_BIprKDs

39.  Private props getters and setters in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGR2nH1HIR4

40.  Promise async and await in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjbr21JLfgg

41.  Scope chaining in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGGOOYOXoQ4

42.  Self Executing Anonymous Function and functional programming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRwgc6ERk_g

43.  Slice and Splice in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1qDSAUclzI

44.  Solution of Scope problem in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2YoiwVmAa0

45.  Spread and REST operators in Javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DoIGxx7P-ps

46.  Switch for role based access in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wyPpPlFwrI

47.  Template literals in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXhbV_xgkMo

48.  Ternary operator in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0HJtkYtjwk

49.  Type and Operator precedence in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvKktNrJXcY

50.  Understand the context in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JMXlGt3OSo

51.  Variable and datatypes in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycLqC41TO1U

52.  Welcome to Javascript Course.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=papg2tsoFzg

53.  Welcome to new JavaScript course.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2md4HQNRqJA

54.  What are conditionals in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx7N3QGrVWE

55.  What are Javascript engines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMKWdLX9w3M

56.  What ES version of javascript is good for us.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z-VseyACaE

57.  What is DOM (1597556).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkXAGe7SLm0

58.  What is DOM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkXAGe7SLm0

59.  What is new in Javascript 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwHJCTXg6Es

60.  What is proto in javascript (1709932).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9CaKd2bq-E

61.  What is proto in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9CaKd2bq-E

62.  While and do while loops in javascript (1925169).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCl3W4kR4-c

63.  While and do while loops in javascript.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCl3W4kR4-c

64.  Why iife appears in javascript interviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ex652LPfUdA
Javascript course