
ambiguity in grammar  TOC  Lec-59  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdI2TI7zefY

ambiguity in grammar example 1  TOC  Lec-60  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iFtFJUkw2k

ambiguity in grammar example 2   TOC  Lec-61  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5639CLulk0

cfg to pda conversion  conversion   TOC  Lec-84  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mehO_4R7D6o

Chomsky normal form   TOC  Lec-69  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uNRMAU8t4I

closure properties of regular languages  Part-1 TOC  Lec-44  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaTHCo6Ns5I

closure properties of regular languages  Part-2  TOC  Lec-45  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1wTU4kjZHs

complexity classes  P & NP  TOC  Lec-96  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yHYbz-Hec8

context free grammar in automata  Example-2  TOC  Lec-50  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtRBEjBSNnA

context free grammar in automata  Example-3  TOC  Lec-51  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FORd2Sf9pfQ

context free grammar in automata Example-1  TOC  Lec-49  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyjB5xW0tQc

context free grammer  Introduction  TOC  Lec-48  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9LrKPZsu40

conversion of NFA to DFA example  Part-2  TOC   Lec-20  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIIYyVCPKQk

conversion of nfa to dfa examples  Part-1  TOC   Lec-19  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syjJutOdLnI

convert regular expression to finite automata  examples  TOC  Lec-43  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_KRbXPCGWg

convert regular expression to finite automata  TOC  Lec-42  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiJuCKLQEjQ

converting CFG to CNF  steps  TOC  Lec-70  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTontnRJiNc

converting CFG to CNF example  TOC  Lec-71  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7G0PwGrdlH8

converting CFG to GNF example - 2  TOC  Lec-74  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cEpXxP0z-E

converting CFG to GNF example-1  TOC  Lec-73  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=447aBp1M6C4

derivation in theory of computation  TOC  Lec-52  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_Gk_xPP8zc

derivation tree  TOC  Lec-56  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLw6OoDeuf0

derivation tree example 1  TOC  Lec-57  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrHczBql0cE

derivation tree Example 2  TOC  Lec-58  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgM3NYDREy4

deterministic finite automata (DFA)  TOC   Lec-9  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqknGBJqchc

dfa example with solution  Part-1  TOC   Lec-10  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6bwSnoTniY

dfa example with solution  Part-2  TOC   Lec-11  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9FZYPT6X8Q

dfa example with solution  Part-3  TOC   Lec-12  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwWkw8gNCcA

elimination of epsilon production   TOC  Lec-67  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIm_yChkLIM

equivalence of two FA example  TOC   Lec-22  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wtWR6xF-Mk

equivalence of two finite automata  TOC   Lec-21  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQTcNUPJlws

finite automata  applications & different type  TOC   Lec-8  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2S4At1yakug

finite automata  TOC   Lec-6  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8g1AUtdayt0

griebach normal form   TOC  Lec-72  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_xUKj1oGL8

halting problem  Turing Machine(TM)  TOC  Lec-95  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Q9qAM2htII

languages & operations  TOC   Lec-5  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq-MZf-zAog

leftmost and rightmost derivations  Example-1  TOC  Lec-53  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_aMajzrKF4

leftmost and rightmost derivations  Example-2  TOC  Lec-54  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GF7PYeA2Pwk

leftmost and rightmost derivations  Example-3  TOC  Lec-55  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fE7A0a0jQNc

mealy and moore machine  differences  TOC  Lec-33 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lH_qfCTh9Co

Mealy machine  TOC   Lec-25 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUtn8iI7b4U

mealy machine design  Example1  TOC   Lec-26 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Et7Kv-p-acs

mealy machine design  Example2  TOC   Lec-27 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj-KwpMqGHI

mealy machine design  Example3   TOC   Lec-28 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_G0Xjm5CfI

mealy to moore conversion  TOC  Lec-34 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1UaAluDGqY

mealy to moore example  TOC  Lec-35  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYCmNXjDVVE

mealy to moore example 2  TOC  Lec-36  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKOGsHPelc0

minimization of DFA  TOC   Lec-23 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VeFvQoRuXk

minimization of DFA example  TOC   Lec-24 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53qT4NZ3nOo

moore machine  TOC   Lec-29 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mbPgbGXSvs

moore machine design  Example1  TOC   Lec-30 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSjEKhUY9ok

moore machine design  Example2  TOC  Lec-31 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMR2zek_e2c

moore machine design  Example3  TOC  Lec-32 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zj8krqoBw0

moore to mealy machine conversion  Example-1  TOC  Lec-37  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOqa-nI2lGI

moore to mealy machine conversion  Example-2   TOC  Lec-38  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqZyBVR9Dr0

moore to mealy machine conversion  Example-3  TOC  Lec-39  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm1FQIeQlmc

nfa and dfa differences  TOC   Lec-18  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZp7CJwe6nw

NFA example  Part-1  TOC   Lec-14  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=764ITgEu-KU

NFA example  Part-2  TOC   Lec-15  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcyDv1bWR1k

NFA example  Part-3  TOC   Lec-16  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws3014s6ncY

nfa with epsilon   TOC   Lec-17  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlYCzNDJVYo

non deterministic finite automata (NFA)  TOC   Lec-13  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKCAPVaU0Qk

power of alphabet  TOC  Lec-4  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnaCgVn29fU

pumping lemma example  Part-1  TOC  Lec-76  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91Ukv82n6T4

pumping lemma example  Part-2  TOC  Lec-77 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfkv6BDixas

pumping lemma for RL  TOC  Lec-46  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5M20ka_sULM

pumping lemma for RL example  TOC  Lec-47  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxOmsdW_tJQ

pumping lemmafor CFL  TOC  Lec-75  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ww4m4UJTbWE

pushdown automata (PDA)  terminologies used  TOC  Lec-80 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oC3z3jyh-I

pushdown automata (PDA) acceptance   TOC  Lec-81  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFR2gkejEnk

pushdown automata (PDA) in TOC  Introduction  Part-12 Lec-78 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTV9RPIsdW4

pushdown automata (PDA) in TOC  Introduction  Part-22 Lec-79 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANEy0U92VBQ

pushdown automata example  Part-12   TOC  Lec-82  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntrF_KxHn18

pushdown automata example  Part-22  TOC  Lec-83  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gU3scx0E0JI

Recursive & Recursively enumerable languages  TOC  Lec-94  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mX9lULtwO0s

regular expression  Examples  TOC  Lec-41  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNMD1wE3TDM

regular expressions in theory of automata   TOC  Lec-40  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FG0REWfuL0

removal of unit production  CFG   TOC  Lec-68  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kidmQIu0lrU

removal of useless symbols  CFG  TOC  Lec-66  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnteU4oGMuY

sempty, lenght, concatenation of string  TOC  Lec-3  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0Obv_cJLpI

simplification of CFG   TOC  Lec-65  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=603fO3xPIAo

symbol, alphabet, string  basic definations  TOC   Lec-2  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQRUkXhwHa4

TOC introduction  TOC  Lec-1  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCiZZiqVv9w

transition diagrams, table and function  finite automata  TOC   Lec-7  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaD7zcjGU28

turing machine  Example-1  TOC  Lec-90  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSpeMO52Wxo

turing machine  Example-2  TOC  Lec-91 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDsmAKJ8_fM

Turing machine ( TM)   Introduction  Part-12  TOC  Lec-85  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xpB9r13fYQ

Turing machine (TM)   Introduction  Part-22   TOC  Lec-86  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STh3_6E5PQQ

Turing machine (TM)  operation on tape  TOC  Lec-87 Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbW8nFdIpwI

Turing machine(TM) language   TOC  Lec-89  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRlMCRm0-Ak

turing thesis  turing machine  TOC  Lec-88  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3AQsBE8xSI

unambiguous grammar   TOC  Lec-62  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SMEMtRVbx0

unambiguous grammar example 1  TOC  Lec-63  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQ2rPI9gp3A

unambiguous grammar example 2  TOC  Lec-64  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bbr3u5bNnYY

variants of TM  Multihead & Offline   Part-22  TOC  Lec-93  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ll_lVVZZOwI

variants of TM  Multitape & Non deterministic  Part-12   TOC  Lec-92  Bhanu Priya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zz2bVMJ1wIU
Theory of Computation ( TOC )