
1.  Don’t Make Me Wait (Live On The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, US  2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz0w_RGesM0&pp=sAQA

2.  Melody Gardot, Sting - Little Something (Visualiser).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ED42mlQZjI&pp=sAQA

3.  Sting & Shaggy - Don't Make Me Wait (Live On Good Morning America2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ggn9hMlL-kE&pp=sAQA

4.  Sting & Shaggy - Dreaming In The U.S.A. (Live On Good Morning America).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSWsUKe-0lA&pp=sAQA

5.  Sting & Shaggy - Gotta Get Back My Baby (Live On Good Morning America).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STZ3N0x8b0A&pp=sAQA

6.  Sting & Shaggy - Morning Is Coming (Live On Good Morning America2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NZL6MVtFUE&pp=sAQA

7.  Sting & Shaggy - Webisode #1 - Don't Make Me Wait.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LR5iVLcdyVw&pp=sAQA

8.  Sting - 25 Years (Webisode 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZXuV6-jNCM&pp=sAQA

9.  Sting - 25 Years (Webisode 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWMxKoQ9Xmw&pp=sAQA

10.  Sting - 25 Years (Webisode 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLvcxRXPmGs&pp=sAQA

11.  Sting - 25 Years (Webisode 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzthYqPX4p8&pp=sAQA

12.  Sting - 25 Years (Webisode 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAi1TOvJUJg&pp=sAQA

13.  Sting - 25 Years Upbringing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaLZhCKVolQ&pp=sAQA

14.  Sting - 50,000.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpkWn4EQ4Ns&pp=sAQA

15.  Sting - 57th & 9th (50,000Webisode #2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtuiIfDX2Gw&pp=sAQA

16.  Sting - 57th & 9th (Webisode #1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSH8PBNaRmI&pp=sAQA

17.  Sting - 57th & 9th Album Focus (Webisode #4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWvaiFevDag&pp=sAQA

18.  Sting - 57th & 9th Petrol Head.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kl9_cjaqJ7c&pp=sAQA

19.  Sting - A&M 50 Webisode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcBYKP_TDF0&pp=sAQA

20.  Sting - After The Rain Has Fallen (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLvZbR0R3CA&pp=sAQA

21.  Sting - All This Time (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LdUme7QZLY&pp=sAQA

22.  Sting - August Winds (Live at the Cherrytree House).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcfwpyvyG9c&pp=sAQA

23.  Sting - Be Still My Beating Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ng4P6FWVdcE&pp=sAQA

24.  Sting - Brand New Day (2019 VersionAudio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENIpBp1YQhY&pp=sAQA

25.  Sting - Brand New Day (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cA46ZNjrzeY&pp=sAQA

26.  Sting - Bring On The Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEQSjEEu4nc&pp=sAQA

27.  Sting - Can't Stand Losing You (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZgeJY1_pL0&pp=sAQA

28.  Sting - Dead Man’s Boots (Live At The Public Theater).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zI4H9rE6MHU&pp=sAQA

29.  Sting - Demolition Man (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5nqW2R3Ark&pp=sAQA

30.  Sting - Demolition Man (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q76Qr8xlb1s&pp=sAQA

31.  Sting - Demolition Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSOxgrv7osk&pp=sAQA

32.  Sting - Desert Rose (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uck5s156F4I&pp=sAQA

33.  Sting - Desert Rose (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3lWwBslWqg&pp=sAQA

34.  Sting - Don't Stand So Close To Me (Dave Audé Remix) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xg2uUbIKxMs&pp=sAQA

35.  Sting - Don't Stand So Close To Me (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8lQG2dqOew&pp=sAQA

36.  Sting - Englishman In New York (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HATOKmdaKc&pp=sAQA

37.  Sting - Englishman In New York.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d27gTrPPAyk&pp=sAQA

38.  Sting - Every Breath You Take (My Songs VersionAudio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgJ5qgfsIa0&pp=sAQA

39.  Sting - Fields Of Gold (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQbFhi9dTGk&pp=sAQA

40.  Sting - Fields Of Gold (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLVq0IAzh1A&pp=sAQA

41.  Sting - Fortress Around Your Heart (Option Two).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiPiRKbNCWY&pp=sAQA

42.  Sting - Fragile (1391225).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB6a-iD6ZOY&pp=sAQA

43.  Sting - Fragile (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atqbcWO-TNA&pp=sAQA

44.  Sting - Fragile (Live From The Cherrytree House).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozV3NEItY_g&pp=sAQA

45.  Sting - Fragile (Live) (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47Mj7uyb0KM&pp=sAQA

46.  Sting - Fragile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLLg9ssYrkY&pp=sAQA

47.  Sting - I Can't Stop Thinking About You (1126997).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZIUzaZ8dm8&pp=sAQA

48.  Sting - I Can't Stop Thinking About You (1802113).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtEIuz71tEk&pp=sAQA

49.  Sting - I Can't Stop Thinking About You (1803392).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjOe7uwPrGo&pp=sAQA

50.  Sting - I Can't Stop Thinking About You (Live At The Olympia Paris).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBipK65wWX8&pp=sAQA

51.  Sting - I Can't Stop Thinking About You (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKyh2kYOdOk&pp=sAQA

52.  Sting - I Can't Stop Thinking About You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQKk7x5Hg7s&pp=sAQA

53.  Sting - I'm So Happy I Can't Stop Crying (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LI8khooPyJk&pp=sAQA

54.  Sting - If I Ever Lose My Faith In You (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsihbupjWA4&pp=sAQA

55.  Sting - If I Ever Lose My Faith In You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7km4EHgkQiw&pp=sAQA

56.  Sting - If You Love Somebody Set Them Free (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoiZ0pGp9lc&pp=sAQA

57.  Sting - If You Love Somebody Set Them Free (My Songs VersionAudio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6mMoDUlV_U&pp=sAQA

58.  Sting - If You Love Somebody Set Them Free (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSGl3d4KOMk&pp=sAQA

59.  Sting - Let Your Soul Be Your Pilot (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGdV_niLcVk&pp=sAQA

60.  Sting - Little Wing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcdNcLYH47c&pp=sAQA

61.  Sting - Live At The Olympia Paris (Extended Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZ9fN_LbBPM&pp=sAQA

62.  Sting - Love Is The Seventh Wave (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXZistami3c&pp=sAQA

63.  Sting - Mad About You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxtYzo0OLXs&pp=sAQA

64.  Sting - Message In A Bottle (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hb7j5IkkGxc&pp=sAQA

65.  Sting - Message In A Bottle (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2o4zxtqNZ4&pp=sAQA

66.  Sting - Message In A Bottle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zru9S4i09GU&pp=sAQA

67.  Sting - My Funny Valentine (feat. Herbie Hancock) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOQg57vCg9Y&pp=sAQA

68.  Sting - New Album (1297937).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1njIqwwGLYA&pp=sAQA

69.  Sting - New Album.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kn4UL1Ybnrg&pp=sAQA

70.  Sting - Next To You (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1nqPn_9_U8&pp=sAQA

71.  Sting - One Fine Day (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPpi4IsPoU4&pp=sAQA

72.  Sting - Petrol Head (Live At The Olympia Paris).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmpQJn8oPLw&pp=sAQA

73.  Sting - Petrol Head.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYJ2FAKhQi8&pp=sAQA

74.  Sting - Rob Mathes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fUcXSG9AmEo&pp=sAQA

75.  Sting - Roxanne (Live) (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XBQWXv9T9E&pp=sAQA

76.  Sting - Russians (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHylQRVN2Qs&pp=sAQA

77.  Sting - Send Your Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hr8lYMBf090&pp=sAQA

78.  Sting - Seven Days (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pG7_gceIFL4&pp=sAQA

79.  Sting - Shape Of My Heart (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSAN5d4ziok&pp=sAQA

80.  Sting - Shape Of My Heart (My Songs VersionLive From The Today Show2019).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jPFdg4CNss&pp=sAQA

81.  Sting - Shape of My Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlwIDxCjL-8&pp=sAQA

82.  Sting - So Lonely (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9hA_lPVCFY&pp=sAQA

83.  Sting - Spirits In The Material World (Live) (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnsMfhHU1r4&pp=sAQA

84.  Sting - Sting The Studio Collection - Vinyl Unboxing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6kQ0sha5HU&pp=sAQA

85.  Sting - Sting The Studio Collection ...Nothing Like The Sun (Webisode #3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7OGcE45wVU&pp=sAQA

86.  Sting - Sting The Studio Collection Box (Animated Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhLC6OQI1aQ&pp=sAQA

87.  Sting - Sting The Studio Collection Box Set Teaser (Webisode #1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VopYQoHn3c&pp=sAQA

88.  Sting - Sting The Studio Collection Brand New Day (Webisode #7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LCfsO4TFJA&pp=sAQA

89.  Sting - Sting The Studio Collection Mercury Falling (Webisode #6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NT65DetLEhA&pp=sAQA

90.  Sting - Sting The Studio Collection Sacred Love (Webisode #8).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Is70mspULg&pp=sAQA

91.  Sting - Sting The Studio Collection Ten Summoner's Tales (Webisode #5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udd1IJSyeDA&pp=sAQA

92.  Sting - Sting The Studio Collection The Dream Of The Blue Turtles (Webisode #2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgFN0hOepiU&pp=sAQA

93.  Sting - Sting The Studio Collection The Last Ship.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4f479FHmF4&pp=sAQA

94.  Sting - Sting The Studio Collection The Soul Cages (Webisode #4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ECVlAq6eTQ&pp=sAQA

95.  Sting - Stolen Car (Take Me Dancing) (B Recluse Mix) ft. Twista.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjxtMt2oWLQ&pp=sAQA

96.  Sting - Stolen Car (Take Me Dancing) (Batson-Doc WilI.I.Am Remix) ft. will.i.am.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nPPdssDrdE&pp=sAQA

97.  Sting - Stolen Car (Take Me Dancing) (Radio Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbJVeTORXxE&pp=sAQA

98.  Sting - Synchronicity (Live) (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=di0KNwWq41Q&pp=sAQA

99.  Sting - The Complete Studio Collection (Unboxing? Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxahJQJOUOE&pp=sAQA

100.  Sting - The Complete Studio Collection If On A Winter’s Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKjdNBYlcPM&pp=sAQA

101.  Sting - The Complete Studio Collection Songs From The Labyrinth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pU4dKIrZnL4&pp=sAQA

102.  Sting - The Complete Studio Collection Symphonicities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALsr1UzZwi8&pp=sAQA

103.  Sting - The Complete Studio Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7DipW8fkPQ&pp=sAQA

104.  Sting - The Empty Chair - Live from the Bataclan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wciOD56pafE&pp=sAQA

105.  Sting - The Last Ship (EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87lKbcMBEdE&pp=sAQA

106.  Sting - The Last Ship (Live From The Public Theater).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=621JCAh2V3U&pp=sAQA

107.  Sting - The Origins Of The Last Ship.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vCuwE7kg1w&pp=sAQA

108.  Sting - The Soul Cages (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjCo_gmZJ5E&pp=sAQA

109.  Sting - They Dance Alone (Cueca Solo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MS_bN5ECJTI&pp=sAQA

110.  Sting - They Dance Alone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5h4d-vB6NzI&pp=sAQA

111.  Sting - Walking On The Moon (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nFEIZcjs7I&pp=sAQA

112.  Sting - We'll Be Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYps5LfOaGg&pp=sAQA

113.  Sting - What Have We Got (Live At The Public Theater).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAQsFB7pr5Q&pp=sAQA

114.  Sting - What Have We Got (Live From Jimmy Kimmel Live!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZ8SXCH0A-Q&pp=sAQA

115.  Sting - What Say You Meg (Live At The Public Theater).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tsgEjrVPcg&pp=sAQA

116.  Sting - When We Dance (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWjfONP51G4&pp=sAQA

117.  Sting - Whenever I Say Your Name (Official Music Video) ft. Mary J. Blige.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roGSyZC79Dg&pp=sAQA

118.  Sting - Why Should I Cry For You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZSGQ5wMaDE&pp=sAQA

119.  Sting - You Still Touch Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwZ2XrEr7s0&pp=sAQA

120.  Sting 2020 HD Remastered Video Preview 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2su5L7mTN_U&pp=sAQA

121.  Sting 2020 HD Remastered Video Preview 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81p9ux0VYxw&pp=sAQA

122.  Sting 2020 HD Remastered Video Preview 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2c9w8GsRws&pp=sAQA

123.  Sting 2020 HD Remastered Video Preview 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsVlaGyfgWw&pp=sAQA

124.  Sting 2020 HD Remastered Video Preview 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-Zh3q2Pg84&pp=sAQA

125.  Sting 2020 HD Remastered Video Preview 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYJwjqVtdSQ&pp=sAQA

126.  Sting 2020 HD Remastered Video Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__5XEQyIdMw&pp=sAQA

127.  Sting and Chris Botti - In The Wee Small Hours Of The Morning (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RIk3arfQtg&pp=sAQA

128.  Sting Discusses DUETS - 'Rise & Fall' with Craig David (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l91Tuky6ktM&pp=sAQA

129.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Desert Rose with Cheb Mami (1627603).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5FIUMF3SNw&pp=sAQA

130.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Desert Rose with Cheb Mami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tfPtLBuCx8&pp=sAQA

131.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Don't Make Me Wait with Shaggy (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kljCbExArQg&pp=sAQA

132.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Don't Make Me Wait with Shaggy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPgT6Ka9JAk&pp=sAQA

133.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Fragile with Julio Iglesias (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp-oRGymBqg&pp=sAQA

134.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Fragile with Julio Iglesias.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikyZL_3RRnQ&pp=sAQA

135.  Sting Discusses Duets - In The Wee Small Hours Of The Morning with Chris Botti (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4ADz7YmAw8&pp=sAQA

136.  Sting Discusses DUETS - In The Wee Small Hours Of The Morning with Chris Botti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIxmpbotaxU&pp=sAQA

137.  Sting Discusses DUETS - It's Probably Me with Eric Clapton (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AbIG7RQxXE4&pp=sAQA

138.  Sting Discusses DUETS - It's Probably Me with Eric Clapton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EJZKzAHcjo&pp=sAQA

139.  Sting Discusses DUETS - L'Amour C'est Comme Un Jour with Charles Aznavour (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpNS8Zr8ZTY&pp=sAQA

140.  Sting Discusses DUETS - L'Amour C'est Comme Un Jour with Charles Aznavour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03yfR1jaq6A&pp=sAQA

141.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Little Something with Melody Gardot (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_MolQkwJdWA&pp=sAQA

142.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Little Something with Melody Gardot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vU_LYCvTfs&pp=sAQA

143.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Mama with Gashi (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6R7iHOw4-I&pp=sAQA

144.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Mama with Gashi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zvRJvrqrss&pp=sAQA

145.  Sting Discusses DUETS - My Funny Valentine with Herbie Hancock (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wepVEMW3b8Q&pp=sAQA

146.  Sting Discusses DUETS - My Funny Valentine with Herbie Hancock.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jp_wUA-s4Gw&pp=sAQA

147.  Sting Discusses DUETS - None Of Us Are Free with Sam Moore (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HA6Md13vNz4&pp=sAQA

148.  Sting Discusses DUETS - None Of Us Are Free with Sam Moore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXyR-q4crNM&pp=sAQA

149.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Practical Arrangement with Jo Lawry (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFEKjZPmaxo&pp=sAQA

150.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Practical Arrangement with Jo Lawry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAF9A1MP7Ro&pp=sAQA

151.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Reste with GIMS (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuB6Gc7IB3o&pp=sAQA

152.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Reste with GIMS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEionxgVMGs&pp=sAQA

153.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Rise & Fall with Craig David.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-42uT2zNUw&pp=sAQA

154.  Sting Discusses DUETS - September with Zucchero (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8j6fTn3FvP4&pp=sAQA

155.  Sting Discusses DUETS - September with Zucchero.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mfz678siU9o&pp=sAQA

156.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Stolen Car with Mylène Farmer (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9sruChzkO0&pp=sAQA

157.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Stolen Car with Mylène Farmer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63aTOa0D_E8&pp=sAQA

158.  Sting Discusses Duets - We'll Be Together with Annie Lennox (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3O8G_He5WCI&pp=sAQA

159.  Sting Discusses DUETS - We'll Be Together with Annie Lennox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=le3Rt0wijfc&pp=sAQA

160.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Whenever I Say Your Name with Mary J. Blige (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jixjLI7-JU&pp=sAQA

161.  Sting Discusses DUETS - Whenever I Say Your Name with Mary J. Blige.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byKDx_HAOGA&pp=sAQA

162.  Sting Discusses MY SONGS - Brand New Day (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OEpCLm6gCs&pp=sAQA

163.  Sting Discusses MY SONGS - Brand New Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slxRbJW0i4s&pp=sAQA

164.  Sting Discusses MY SONGS - Desert Rose (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PIS5bzBC9I&pp=sAQA

165.  Sting Discusses MY SONGS - Desert Rose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8mizOqjHfs&pp=sAQA

166.  Sting Discusses MY SONGS - Englishman In New York (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzjT4wwzwAw&pp=sAQA

167.  Sting Discusses MY SONGS - Englishman In New York.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mZgbIRUiNk&pp=sAQA

168.  Sting Discusses MY SONGS - Message In A Bottle (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9TztAlLR4s&pp=sAQA

169.  Sting Discusses MY SONGS - Message In A Bottle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bH_CU56Yv_0&pp=sAQA

170.  Sting Discusses MY SONGS - Roxanne (French).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFnPvxL5IhM&pp=sAQA

171.  Sting Discusses MY SONGS - Roxanne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thE5ACU1DTw&pp=sAQA

172.  Sting, Bruce Springsteen - Every Breath You Take (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GYt6mzQ3Xo&pp=sAQA

173.  Sting, Shaggy - 44876 (Audio) ft. Morgan Heritage, Aidonia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sMmulAuupc&pp=sAQA

174.  Sting, Shaggy - Don't Make Me Wait (Animated Toon).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5k5mz81c98&pp=sAQA

175.  Sting, Shaggy - Don't Make Me Wait (Dave Audé RemixAudio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuGppKccsno&pp=sAQA

176.  Sting, Shaggy - Don't Make Me Wait (iLL Wayno RemixAudio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDPAGhn7ncI&pp=sAQA

177.  Sting, Shaggy - Don't Make Me Wait (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0xKz5TsYb0&pp=sAQA

178.  Sting, Shaggy - Don't Make Me Wait (Tropkillaz RemixAudio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dGZqs7ui5s&pp=sAQA

179.  Sting, Shaggy - Dreaming In The U.S.A. (Baio Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLwnXFEwJoU&pp=sAQA

180.  Sting, Shaggy - Gotta Get Back My Baby (Audio) ft. Maître Gims.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLeNxQwMJwc&pp=sAQA

181.  Sting, Shaggy - Gotta Get Back My Baby ft. Maître Gims.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrLpf9yziOg&pp=sAQA

182.  Sting, Shaggy - Just One Lifetime (1744884).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGvDSOaV6_w&pp=sAQA

183.  Sting, Shaggy - Just One Lifetime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNobqcfLb2Y&pp=sAQA

184.  Sting, Shaggy - Morning Is Coming (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaZx4MptKjc&pp=sAQA

185.  Sting, Shaggy - Silent Night (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBNDrVEblFs&pp=sAQA

186.  Sting, Shaggy - Skank Up (Oh Lawd) (Lyric Video) ft. Ding Dong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9uZzVpYWfU&pp=sAQA

187.  Sting, Shaggy - Waiting For The Break Of Day (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8guEORR0Hjo&pp=sAQA

188.  Sting, Shaggy - Webisode #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28fttRr2Zbs&pp=sAQA

189.  Sting, Shaggy - Webisode #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofM43pDw4iY&pp=sAQA

190.  Sting, Shaggy - Webisode #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TkO1-1BIyQ&pp=sAQA

191.  Sting, Shaggy, Dave Audé - Just One Lifetime (Dave Audé RemixAudio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DS0k1NEgqfM&pp=sAQA

192.  Sting, Shirazee - Englishman  African In New York.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEWhcqgd3Cs&pp=sAQA

193.  Sting, Shirazee - EnglishmanAfrican in New York (Live From Good Morning America2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUIs3pKH3j0&pp=sAQA

194.  Sting, Zucchero - September (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tgth3Tt1ZDo&pp=sAQA

195.  Sting, Zucchero - September (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmUB17tHncg&pp=sAQA

196.  The Snow It Melts The Soonest (Live At The Cherrytree House).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sltfZXiqk8c&pp=sAQA

197.  To Love And Be Loved.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGqpMHt784s&pp=sAQA
Sting