
#MeToo March and SpeakOUT Portland Oregon 1-20-18.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWiCmDnWYQE

2012 PDX Bicycle Show Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8FCnab82ls

2012 Portland Oregon Pride Parade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZNqqOc8g9A

2012 Portland Tattoo Expo-Portland Oregon USA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0nX4lntPCE

2012 Portland Tattoo Expo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHeUV-Ak81U

2012 Providence Bridge Pedal Portland Oregon USA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yckwuUm3mH0

2013 AIDS Walk Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYFgs4Xkut4

2013 Christmas Ships Parade Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjJpOulrPjU

2013 Portland Tattoo ExpoInked Up World Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRpYDrl8hro

2013 Shimmy Shake and Share-Belly Dance Showcase.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1k4nI1EuMA

2013 Slabtown Festival-Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cgbh_1WcQYQ

2014 Chrome and Ink Festival-Salem Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEvbHsj4vlQ

2014 Portland Pride Parade Portland Oregon USA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FS5LJ7b1Z4

2014 Portland Rose Parade on CAFFEINE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dssmWKBNnE0

2015 Friendly House Spring Auction-Ballyhoo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfkNPBXcr00

2015 May Day ParadeMarchProtest Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gk4cnpfroMI

2015 Pride Parade Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Phip-Z-dqAM

2015 Red Bull Flugtag Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZqOd59z3KE

2016 Friendly House Spring Auction-Ornithopolis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf7-5bvydhg

2016 Ink’n The Couve Tattoo Convention-Vancouver WA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyxpUH1EAD8

2016 Portland Winter Light Festival.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKcXkEqUGjA

2017 FH Friendlies Awards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88mgZPwBPnE

2017 Friendly House Spring Auction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnaFFX-HZZw

2017 Friends of SAGE Awards Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ds_ZPNQJFMg

2017 Portlandia Mermaid Parade Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4URTKXH0dx0

2017 Trans Pride Parade Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wf8RBVHpziU

2018 Rose Festival Grand Floral Parade Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1_8G9789Pw

2018 Starlight Parade Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EtOaChVbFk

2019 Winter Light Festival Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEBOTxuFlDk

2021 Buck Moon Naked Bike Ride Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qgt3KMaYc3A

39th Annual ESCO Harvest Dinner 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLOmY4bxWgQ

A Relaxing Drive in the Countryside 10-27-20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwh-jqi_Pyw

Alt-Right vs Portland Oregon 6417.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=madqHaoxxoo

Anti-Trump Protest Pioneer Square 11- 09 -16 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdcdxQx6egg

Anti-Trump Protest Portland Oregon 12017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUKA43aM6bU

Beach Drone 7-9-17.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llax5wLIotU

Biden Harris Party Portland Oregon 11 07 20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26QXKehIBrs

Bill and Marria Wedding 10-13-2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOhxo-Jy05k

CC Slaughter's is Closing!  Street Show 10920 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOpE1zTVLzM

Cinco de Mayo 2016 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdieO8nrXQo

Corgi Walk 2016 Portland Oregon Pearl District.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcU68Kn3oPA

Corgi Walk in the Pearl 2015 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g66KTBntrwk

DSLR Meetup Macro, Closeups, and Mushrooms 2 21 15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7veoarJU860

Fall Color in Portland OR 2020-A Shortcut to the Car Wash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxkrs85E-y0

Fall Color in Portland OR 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-T-ABUw04s

Fall Color in Portland Oregon 11092020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBtp6ohOxd8

Fall Color in Portland Oregon 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vR8QVwo62B8

Fall Color.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVKyRVkzIKk

Festa Italiana 2015 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqJU8R-e61I

First Thursday in the Pearl 6-7-12 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YagKasbu9w

Friday Drone1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKwYWj1Xf-8

George Floyd Protest Video 5-30-20 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0K5imwLhU1M

Goose Hollow Days 2018 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=til_Nkbbuh4

Goose Hollow Days Street Festival 91617.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9FLw9e8764

Graffiti Drone-Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIBkuiXGi4Y

Grand Opening of the Trimet Orange Line and Tilikum Bridge Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z32wgnuwb-4

Grubbin'-Ankeny Park Reactivation-Portland Oregon 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twi2YCsL0Yo

Gypsy Heart Tribal Dance @ 2012 Art in the Pearl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8uwEstatGE

Hempstalk 2015 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJrC49XAleM

International Cat Show 2017 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jt0Y4OUhbBk

Jenny Finn Orchestra at Secret Society Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i71y0H_XGA4

July 4th 2018 Fireworks Portland Oregon ADHD (Short) Version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1T2jrYtbPew

July 4th 2018 Fireworks Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoUgKHuOgR8

Karen's Birthday Tattoo 11 23 14.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwuupI-eaGE

Laser Show @ Parasol Lakeside Bar-Wynn Hotel Las Vegas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98iSgpEnp74

Life in the Slo Lane1 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8qN1JqiJm4

Looking for a Parking Space 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDu9Hn2_76c

March for Impeachment and Protest-Portland Oregon 12018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XozOCp17sU0

March for Our Lives Portland Oregon 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xofvqD5TBNg

May Day Protest Riot Portland Oregon 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDcY9Crcsd0

Nikon P1000 Test.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRSYnvjUd5I

No DAPL Protest Portland Oregon 12817.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgeVcSKHdko

Obama Visits Portland Oregon 5715.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvA37LzRv20

Occupy Portland-Pink Martini-Storm Large ConcertRally-Pioneer Square.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgtEOyn1ki4

Occupy the Pearl-Jamison Square-Occupy Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rw4smBloa9Y

Portland Oregon Dyke March Pride 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVs8hrDCQ0k

Portland Oregon Snow 22018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGcsvkMmzsY

Portland Oregon Snow 314 20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FBtDRXcTzo

Portland Oregon Street Art Alliance Event 72118.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azVGzdkcAsU

Portland Snow Ice Storm 02-2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGtmRPINyGE

Portland Winter Light Festival 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58163F4oa0U

Portlandia Mermaid Parade 2018 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTS9bEcqcCY

Pride Parade 2016 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hR3hOfkSKc

Proud Boys vs Anti-fa Protest Portland Oregon 8-4-18  vers1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAhBjxRsMuQ

Proud Boys vs Anti-fa Protest Portland Oregon 8-4-18 vers2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oP_X0xj0hks

Quick Milk Run-Portland Oregon 10-13-20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z07Ny2x1dD8

RAWR Friendly House 87th Birthday Party 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8y1CUNhP-4s

Rose City RollersNoon Tunes @ Pioneer Square Portland OR.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwslYWccvWQ

Rufus and Sofia got a NEW Cat TV!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkJRcT1CcXY

Rufus and Sofia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfF9o9UqzzI

Rufus and Sofia’s New Toy 9819.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsQFnvD9tnk

Sauvie Island Snow Geese-Portland Oregon 02-09-19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8AGMyr3JG4

Shut Down the City Protest-Portland Oregon 12517.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unOkAru1mgM

Slabtown Festival 2016 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9Gr4Q-UW7A

Slut Walk Portland Oregon 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSVJ9D55fso

Spectacular-Design and Spectacular-Living.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwWlm2oDW3U

Starlight Parade 2016 Portland Rose Festival-ON CAFFEINE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0v0mhXsOfTg

Steel Bridge-Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFFuDATNAwc

Sundown @ Ecotrust Concert #1 Pearl DistrictPortland Oregon 7512.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFmnM5ev0JY

Sundown @ Ecotrust Concert #2 Pearl DistrictPortland Oregon 71212.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kjne-pg_Cs

Sundown @ Ecotrust Concert #3 Pearl DistrictPortland Oregon  71912.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjAivLOoeW8

Swish, Swoop, Swirl-Friendly House Fundraiser Auction-Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZ9bFw9tCXo

Thrill the World PDX  2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2JeT7zjHEw

Trump CruiseRally 8 29 20 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRfSgaXIV2w

Urban Decay1 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmKqgJH86eQ

Urban Decay2 Portland Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADFmL9mfKOk

Women's March Portland Oregon 12117.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5RAxi9D5r8

Yl'luria The Crystalline Siren.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPsLkbhTsIM

Zahara Belly Dancer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbQvnfpkb9A
Most Interesting Videos!