
1.  cooking show for our dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-X8lHMDZkIE&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

2.  Dog Finger Painting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fk5zjfLL6XI&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

3.  dog massage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqeJf6DfhjI&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

4.  Getting My Italian Greyhound.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-TsHz9rw6E&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

5.  I Let My Dogs Walk Me For A Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ew1JYegKF7s&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

6.  Jenna's Ratchet Fashion Boutique Dog Costumes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICBJSNvi3RE&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

7.  kermit fell into the pool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qx2c3qKK-UY&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

8.  kermit got stung by a bee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0DUanYOpAw&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

9.  kermit’s 8th birthday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_6GzPrdCgg&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

10.  Making A Tiny Living Room For My Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEx1wcbBvdg&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

11.  Making My Dog A Bed Out Of Soap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3it6WSL15A&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

12.  Meet Peach The Puppy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSlBInQ4eR8&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

13.  mr. marbles 10th birthday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5R8qjMwMh8&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

14.  My Dog Reviews Soap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouj_on9MxcQ&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

15.  My Dogs Eating Peanut Butter For 3 Minutes Straight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csQHg3YLwrI&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

16.  My Dogs Eating Popcorn ASMR.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYxzLGk2NcY&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

17.  My Dogs Meet A Cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtlLI_pBC3s&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

18.  My Dogs Pick My Makeup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yJJlb3E6JQ&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

19.  My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wRgNPdU7fQ&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

20.  My Dogs' Bike Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6z0aU6V9wsY&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

21.  My Dogs' Wedding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gML71RXkMNE&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

22.  our dogs seeing our new house for the first time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmRVmNJqPMs&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

23.  peachy's 4th birthday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yb8c-xiG8uQ&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

24.  Reading Mean Comments About My Dogs 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPpBz9x6a6I&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

25.  taking care of our cermets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9gUORpifho&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

26.  Taking My Dog To Meet Santa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp2rFoZ3GN8&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

27.  Testing My Dogs' Intelligence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSnQ1hsmCTE&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

28.  Throwing My Dogs A Pool Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mO7yKkq5HkE&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

29.  Transforming Myself Into My Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ag6Xj26WBf8&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

30.  Treating My Dogs Like Babies For A Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fvv83jYh8pA&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF

31.  Who's Smarter Chihuahua Vs. Hamster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44OxwxcclI8&list=PL6kUYoRkn0naAaeQeDcRe7gpO7zqRBlAF
Jenna marbles and her dogs