
Abbi Kirsten Gillespie - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Abbi_Kirsten_Gillespie_-_Videos/Abbi_Kirsten_Gillespie_-_Videos.txt

Alanda Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Alanda_Craft_-_Videos/Alanda_Craft_-_Videos.txt

Altenew - Inspiring Paper Crafting Project Ideas - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Altenew_-_Inspiring_Paper_Crafting_Proje/Altenew_-_Inspiring_Paper_Crafting_Proje.txt

Ana  DIY Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Ana__DIY_Crafts_-_Videos/Ana__DIY_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

Ann Melvin Positively Papercraft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Ann_Melvin_Positively_Papercraft_-_Video/Ann_Melvin_Positively_Papercraft_-_Video.txt

aPasos Crafts DIY - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/aPasos_Crafts_DIY_-_Videos/aPasos_Crafts_DIY_-_Videos.txt

Art and Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Art_and_Craft_-_Videos/Art_and_Craft_-_Videos.txt

Artkala - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Artkala_-_Videos/Artkala_-_Videos.txt

Arush diy craft Ideas - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Arush_diy_craft_Ideas_-_Videos/Arush_diy_craft_Ideas_-_Videos.txt

AuntieTay - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/AuntieTay_-_Videos/AuntieTay_-_Videos.txt

Awesome Crafters - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Awesome_Crafters_-_Videos/Awesome_Crafters_-_Videos.txt

beading tutorials - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/beading_tutorials_-_Videos/beading_tutorials_-_Videos.txt

Becca Feeken - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Becca_Feeken_-_Videos/Becca_Feeken_-_Videos.txt

Craft & Art School - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Craft_&_Art_School_-_Videos/Craft_&_Art_School_-_Videos.txt

Craft Box IN - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Craft_Box_IN_-_Videos/Craft_Box_IN_-_Videos.txt

Craft Videos - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Craft_Videos_-_Videos/Craft_Videos_-_Videos.txt

Craft with Creativity - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Craft_with_Creativity_-_Videos/Craft_with_Creativity_-_Videos.txt

Crafter's Companion - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Crafter's_Companion_-_Videos/Crafter's_Companion_-_Videos.txt

Crafts And Drawings - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Crafts_And_Drawings_-_Videos/Crafts_And_Drawings_-_Videos.txt

Crafts n' Creations - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Crafts_n'_Creations_-_Videos/Crafts_n'_Creations_-_Videos.txt

Craftsy - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Craftsy_-_Videos/Craftsy_-_Videos.txt

Create & Craft TV - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Create_&_Craft_TV_-_Videos/Create_&_Craft_TV_-_Videos.txt

Creative Hud - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Creative_Hud_-_Videos/Creative_Hud_-_Videos.txt

Cristhian Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Cristhian_Crafts_-_Videos/Cristhian_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

DIY Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY_Crafts_-_Videos/DIY_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

DIY Crafts TV - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY_Crafts_TV_-_Videos/DIY_Crafts_TV_-_Videos.txt

diy cushion covers,
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/diy_cushion_covers,/diy_cushion_covers,.txt

DIY How To Make  Diy cushion cover ideas,
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY_How_To_Make__Diy_cushion_cover_ideas/DIY_How_To_Make__Diy_cushion_cover_ideas.txt

DIY Paper Crafts - Giulia's Art - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY_Paper_Crafts_-_Giulia's_Art_-_Videos/DIY_Paper_Crafts_-_Giulia's_Art_-_Videos.txt

DIY quick crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY_quick_crafts_-_Videos/DIY_quick_crafts_-_Videos.txt

DIY- Best Out of Plastic Bottles CENTERPIECE
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY-_Best_Out_of_Plastic_Bottles_CENTERP/DIY-_Best_Out_of_Plastic_Bottles_CENTERP.txt

DIY-Paper Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY-Paper_Crafts_-_Videos/DIY-Paper_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

Easy Kids Craft - Home
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Easy_Kids_Craft_-_Home/Easy_Kids_Craft_-_Home.txt

Easy Peasy and Fun - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Easy_Peasy_and_Fun_-_Videos/Easy_Peasy_and_Fun_-_Videos.txt

Frishta DIY Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Frishta_DIY_Craft_-_Videos/Frishta_DIY_Craft_-_Videos.txt

Galina's Crafts Tutorials - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Galina's_Crafts_Tutorials_-_Videos/Galina's_Crafts_Tutorials_-_Videos.txt

Helen Griffin UK - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Helen_Griffin_UK_-_Videos/Helen_Griffin_UK_-_Videos.txt

Hobbycraft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Hobbycraft_-_Videos/Hobbycraft_-_Videos.txt

How to draw a easy Flower optical
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/How_to_draw_a_easy_Flower_optical/How_to_draw_a_easy_Flower_optical.txt

How to Make Crystal Clear Slime With 2 Ingredients!! Slime With Glue no borax!!
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/How_to_Make_Crystal_Clear_Slime_With_2_I/How_to_Make_Crystal_Clear_Slime_With_2_I.txt

How to make Paper  Juice
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/How_to_make_Paper__Juice/How_to_make_Paper__Juice.txt

INNOVA Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/INNOVA_Crafts_-_Videos/INNOVA_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

Interweave Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Interweave_Craft_-_Videos/Interweave_Craft_-_Videos.txt

Isa's World - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Isa's_World_-_Videos/Isa's_World_-_Videos.txt

Kraft story - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Kraft_story_-_Videos/Kraft_story_-_Videos.txt

Lia Griffith - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Lia_Griffith_-_Videos/Lia_Griffith_-_Videos.txt

Lorien's Craft Box - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Lorien's_Craft_Box_-_Videos/Lorien's_Craft_Box_-_Videos.txt

Love For Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Love_For_Crafts_-_Videos/Love_For_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

MASS Art and Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/MASS_Art_and_Craft_-_Videos/MASS_Art_and_Craft_-_Videos.txt

Maymay Made It Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Maymay_Made_It_Crafts_-_Videos/Maymay_Made_It_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

MC Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/MC_Crafts_-_Videos/MC_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

Minakshi Biswas - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Minakshi_Biswas_-_Videos/Minakshi_Biswas_-_Videos.txt

My Craft Quiet Books - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/My_Craft_Quiet_Books_-_Videos/My_Craft_Quiet_Books_-_Videos.txt

NurseTara04 - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/NurseTara04_-_Videos/NurseTara04_-_Videos.txt

Origami with Jo Nakashima - Home
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Origami_with_Jo_Nakashima_-_Home/Origami_with_Jo_Nakashima_-_Home.txt

Paper Folds - Origami & Crafts ! - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Paper_Folds_-_Origami_&_Crafts_!_-_Video/Paper_Folds_-_Origami_&_Crafts_!_-_Video.txt

Paper Magic - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Paper_Magic_-_Videos/Paper_Magic_-_Videos.txt

papercrafter45 - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/papercrafter45_-_Videos/papercrafter45_-_Videos.txt

Pearl's Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Pearl's_Crafts_-_Videos/Pearl's_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

PootlesPapercraft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/PootlesPapercraft_-_Videos/PootlesPapercraft_-_Videos.txt

Rajni's Art n Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Rajni's_Art_n_Crafts_-_Videos/Rajni's_Art_n_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

Sam Calcott UK - Mixed Up Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Sam_Calcott_UK_-_Mixed_Up_Craft_-_Videos/Sam_Calcott_UK_-_Mixed_Up_Craft_-_Videos.txt

Shagufta Fyms - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Shagufta_Fyms_-_Videos/Shagufta_Fyms_-_Videos.txt

Shemi Dixon - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Shemi_Dixon_-_Videos/Shemi_Dixon_-_Videos.txt

Skymagenta Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Skymagenta_Craft_-_Videos/Skymagenta_Craft_-_Videos.txt

Srushti Patil - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Srushti_Patil_-_Videos/Srushti_Patil_-_Videos.txt

Stampin' Up! - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Stampin'_Up!_-_Videos/Stampin'_Up!_-_Videos.txt

Stitch and Flower - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Stitch_and_Flower_-_Videos/Stitch_and_Flower_-_Videos.txt

Sushma's Craft and Creations - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Sushma's_Craft_and_Creations_-_Videos/Sushma's_Craft_and_Creations_-_Videos.txt

The Crafty Chica, Kathy Cano-Murillo - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/The_Crafty_Chica,_Kathy_Cano-Murillo_-_V/The_Crafty_Chica,_Kathy_Cano-Murillo_-_V.txt

This Southern Girl Can - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/This_Southern_Girl_Can_-_Videos/This_Southern_Girl_Can_-_Videos.txt

Twin Tag - Ayesha Firoz - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Twin_Tag_-_Ayesha_Firoz_-_Videos/Twin_Tag_-_Ayesha_Firoz_-_Videos.txt

Vinni's craft ideas - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Youtube_(259K_Links)/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Vinni's_craft_ideas_-_Videos/Vinni's_craft_ideas_-_Videos.txt
Arts and Crafts - Youtube Channels