
1.  African Elephant ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fk3VdpuFx0Q

2.  African Lion ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlZwYsJpqjo

3.  Army Ant ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_hEZNxG_H8

4.  Banded Mongoose  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRzFs39gNOs

5.  Beetle ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veY5fyt66cg

6.  Big-headed Mole Rat  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGxkLYfR5PQ

7.  Black Caiman  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udpI7Xm4-Xc

8.  Black Rhino  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ST_83Hkrbk4

9.  Blue Whale ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dciLg3Zm1hI

10.  Bottlenose Dolphin ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjMn_dVCJyA

11.  Cheetah  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J20eXhZTHEo

12.  Christmas Crab ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xB74swq2LlI

13.  Cobra ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImUgAzHSyIc

14.  Crocodile  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyTNzTYFqlw

15.  Eastern Gray Kangaroo  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nQzs_4WhO0

16.  Frogfish  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVIt_m3GcAk

17.  Gentoo Penguin ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnu5htZpruE

18.  Giant Pacific Octopus ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vQnKO_2kKk

19.  Gila Monster  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jI6aFbBUqkY

20.  Gorilla  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHhSCO5-3Pg

21.  Gray Wolf ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYKsI5ILiaQ

22.  Harpy Eagle  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Og0OKvMmnAc

23.  Hippo  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ks_P46IZCxk

24.  Monarch Butterfly  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1b87rwtXGzA

25.  Polar Bear  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdCaBF8NJ00

26.  Raccoon  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lViKrWgTYk

27.  Red-Bellied Piranhas ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsrBdPaewLg

28.  Red-eyed Tree Frog ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42GAn4v5MgE

29.  Scorpion  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT89nvkYNDM

30.  Seahorse  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqP0xqbnAMU

31.  Secretary Bird  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7itwHJiNRz4

32.  Shrimp  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8sdXkVAHbY

33.  Sloth Bear ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8xvlmdWtMs

34.  Spotted Owl  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifXMpuNk9RA

35.  Tarantula ???  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rOvmN-qfaA

36.  Tiger ??  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OmRW4em_vA

37.  Tree Kangaroo  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfZKxcAo5tw

38.  Walrus  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r35i6WFbPa0

39.  Wildebeest  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzgI-1ArLb4

40.  Wolf Eel  Amazing Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-njRqPqr3Y
Amazing Animals  Nat Geo Kids