
1.  3 clues to understanding your brain  VS Ramachandran.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rl2LwnaUA-k

2.  A tale of mental illness  Elyn Saks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6CILJA110Y

3.  Alison Gopnik What do babies think.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cplaWsiu7Yg

4.  Annie Murphy Paul What we learn before we're born.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stngBN4hp14

5.  Are we born to run  Christopher McDougall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-iGZPtWXzE

6.  Barry Schwartz Our loss of wisdom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lA-zdh_bQBo

7.  Beware conflicts of interest  Dan Ariely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8Y8FK8gonc

8.  Daniel Goleman Why arent we all Good Samaritans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3wyCxHtGd0

9.  Elliot Krane The mystery of chronic pain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6--CMhcCfQ

10.  Exploring the mind of a killer  Jim Fallon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2V0vOFexY4

11.  Honest liars -- the psychology of self-deception Cortney Warren at TEDxUNLV.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpEeSa6zBTE

12.  How reliable is your memory  Elizabeth Loftus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PB2OegI6wvI

13.  How to build your creative confidence  David Kelley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16p9YRF0l-g

14.  How to make stress your friend  Kelly McGonigal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcGyVTAoXEU

15.  How to spot a liar  Pamela Meyer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_6vDLq64gE

16.  Janine Shepherd A broken body isn't a broken person.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ltDJynTduY

17.  Keith Chen Could your language affect your ability to save money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lw3YTbubyjI

18.  Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi Flow, the secret to happiness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXIeFJCqsPs

19.  Molly Crockett Beware neuro-bunk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b64qvG2Jgro

20.  Neil Burgess How your brain tells you where you are.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zd71719_G8Y

21.  Optical illusions show how we see  Beau Lotto.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf5otGNbkuc

22.  Peter Doolittle How your working memory makes sense of the world.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWKvpFZJwcE

23.  Philip Zimbardo The psychology of time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bo4HiVetBd0

24.  Sarah-Jayne Blakemore The mysterious workings of the adolescent brain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zVS8HIPUng

25.  Scott Fraser The problem with eyewitness testimony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buhMdC7MO0U

26.  Sheena Iyengar The art of choosing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDq9-QxvsNU

27.  Sherwin Nuland How electroshock therapy changed me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEZrAGdZ1i8

28.  Steven Pinker What our language habits reveal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjQM8PzCEY0

29.  Stuart Brown Play is more than fun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHwXlcHcTHc

30.  TEDxIB @ York - Yale Fox - Nightclubs as Research Labs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSShNSgOAR0

31.  TEDxRainier - Dr. Patricia Kuhl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRRiWg6wYXw

32.  TEDxYouth@Manchester 2011 - Julian Baggini - Is There A Real You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFIyhseYTWg

33.  The brain in love  Helen Fisher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYfoGTIG7pY

34.  The happy secret to better work  Shawn Achor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLJsdqxnZb0

35.  The new era of positive psychology  Martin Seligman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FBxfd7DL3E

36.  The pattern behind self-deception  Michael Shermer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_6-iVz1R0o

37.  The psychology of evil  Philip Zimbardo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsFEV35tWsg

38.  The quest to understand consciousness  Antonio Damasio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMrzdk_YnYY

39.  The riddle of experience vs. memory  Daniel Kahneman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgRlrBl-7Yg

40.  Want to be happier Stay in the moment  Matt Killingsworth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy5A8dVYU3k

41.  What hallucination reveals about our minds  Oliver Sacks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgOTaXhbqPQ

42.  What makes us feel good about our work  Dan Ariely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aH2Ppjpcho

43.  Why do we sleep  Russell Foster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWULB9Aoopc

44.  Why good leaders make you feel safe  Simon Sinek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmyZMtPVodo

45.  Why we hold hands Dr. James Coan at TEDxCharlottesville 2013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UMHUPPQ96c

46.  Why we think it's OK to cheat and steal (sometimes)  Dan Ariely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUdsTizSxSI
Psychology TED Talks