
1.  (Unique Design) New Year Diagonal Popup card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 965.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwWhfi-hrAE

2.  10 Amazing Paper Tricks !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZ1sHNKuG0w

3.  10 DIY Heart Crafting for Valentine's Day ????- 872.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZRzc4V7uaM

4.  10 Easy Craft Ideas from Toilet Roll Papers - Recycle  Upcycle  DIY - 821.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcyLxgyp_18

5.  100 plus Gifts, Cards and Decoration Ideas for Diwali  Christmas  Eid  New Year!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YINyW-bAj4E

6.  100000 SUBSCRIBERS - Huge Give away from Paper Folds #715(Closed).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpVmiq32zEY

7.  13 pointed Ninja Star Blade  Chakra - DIY Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBy4DuvZcJY

8.  16 Point Two Coloured NINJA STAR BLADE SHURIKEN  Modular Origami - 1057.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TSnlXYPSzk

9.  16 pointed Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - DIY Origami Tutorial - 866.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BRvHmhtDkk

10.  16 Pointed Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds  DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBjZWzza2iw

11.  2 PAPER BOMBS  CRACKER  Pataka for Diwali & Christmas - 938.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9s7a7lZGJXo

12.  20 in 1 Origami  (20 Origami models from one paper) - Tutorial from Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhjDar0YdAo

13.  3 easy Flying Planes  - Have Fun - DIY Origami Tutorial - 912.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAyPGdBbSJk

14.  30 point  NINJA STAR BLADE  WREATH  Modular Origami - 1054.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpmffTtMEQc

15.  360° Flower Bouquet (Unique Design) Popup Card - DIY Tutorial - 919.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1GYYxFkKoA

16.  3D House  Hut ?? - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJf1fWwYGKQ

17.  3D House Popup card - DIY Tutorial - 902.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vCLwOQDb3M

18.  3D Popup Flower Bouquet Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtVRcXYzzOE

19.  3D STAR - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 1016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQYDZPlZAqU

20.  4 Easy boxes for day to day use - DIY Origami Tutorial - 922.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEH1Jq-rq8Q

21.  4 Easy flowers to craft - DIY Tutorial - 925.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=906AhdnqP4Y

22.  4 Petals Flower - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 990.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZtfrjHou68

23.  4 pointed Ninja star Blade Shuriken  - Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NO2rmKEU4Kw

24.  40 Awesome DIY Cards for this Holiday season - PAPER FOLDS - 939.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CK8TRUybim8

25.  40 Beautiful Flower Crafting Ideas - DIY Tutorial - 895.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkBxeDAL3oY

26.  5 Amazing Independence Day and Republic Day Crafts - 1008.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvtGmFdIKd8

27.  5 Easy Origami Folds  for Beginners - DIY Tutorial - 1011.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzPu5FZkcUc

28.  5 Quick and Easy methods to cut and make a Square Paper Sheet for Origami - DIY Tutorial..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Un1ROxt9nE

29.  50 Cards and Gift Ideas for Mothers day - DIY Tutorial - 909.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmUowGqYCJA

30.  6 DIY Cubes - Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 971.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKyt0KcK3zA

31.  6 Easy Snowflakes designs for Christmas decoration - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 966.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh4n5CX7xW8

32.  6 Floating Origami Paper  Boats - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 967.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pT_HjjMcBiA

33.  70 Plus DIY Card making Ideas for your Loved ones - Scrapbook  Greetings  Photo Card - 775.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmsxx5e4ktk

34.  8 Petals Flower - DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 824.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMDGlne8Ajs

35.  Accordion Box - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEYkgLofcBo

36.  Accordion Message (Master Unique Design) Popup Card - DIY Tutorial - 908.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGoqmmmgUnU

37.  Accordion Photo Card Box - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 720.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Rxegvi7fos

38.  Action Fun Origami  - Paper Broken Arrow trick - Very easy to do..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsmEbDmOkIU

39.  Action Fun Origami - News Paper PopperCrackerPataka (Loud and Easy)-Diwali Special..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FunUpBCbF60

40.  Action Fun Origami - Paper Flying Rocket Jet Plane (Fire Ranger) - Flies quite a distance !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZL6DNa_DDJY

41.  Action Fun Origami - Paper Flying Rocket Plane - Dasher - Flies very far and very sturdy!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Jhy2DNfZ8I

42.  Action Fun Origami - Paper PopperCrackerPataka (Loud and Easy)-Diwali Special-Method 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2zezpeCmOQ

43.  Action Fun Origami Flying Jet Paper Airplane(13) - The Dart !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nvYrI7QloE

44.  Action Fun Toy Origami -  Paper Modular Square Tiled Spinning Top - Very Easy!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48gNxm4JLTk

45.  Action Fun Toy Origami - Paper 'Kaleidoscope  Flexagon' Never ending design changing rotations..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulBP-lGECiU

46.  Action Fun Toy Origami - Spinning Top using Newspaper  Toothpick - Very easy, any one can do !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVEEXXYDp3I

47.  Action Fun Toy OrigamiCraft - Paper Simple Flexagon Puzzle  Trick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8F2xl_fXDQI

48.  Action Halloween Origami - Paper FlappingPatty Bat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPtx8Ew29Rs

49.  Amazing PULL TAB  PEEK-A-BOO CARD (Valentine Theme) - Tutorial by Paper Folds # 693.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEwgnP32FHs

50.  Anakin Skywalker's Podracer (STAR WARS) - DIY  Origami  Tutorial How to make - 762.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjgXbWd4FNY

51.  Animal Origami  - Paper   'Dinosaur'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZqVJQ-cKTQ

52.  Animal Origami - Paper 'Lion'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AtW9jiND4Y

53.  Animal Origami - Paper Elephant ?? Face with Tusks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vJEDRoxKsQ

54.  Animal Origami - Paper Goat Face.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCVUVkrBFYw

55.  Animal Origami - Paper Gold Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stiPeNCFtdM

56.  Animal Origami tutorial - Paper 'Camel ??' !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpMYMzk1OX0

57.  Announcing  HELLO ORIGAMI Book Giveaway Winners - 732.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUt641Rj_qo

58.  Announcing -  WINNERS - 100000 Subscribers Giveaway Special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PO7RSN8xHKU

59.  Announcing GIVE AWAY WINNER - Valentines Day Special #709.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUtAsLhX2yo

60.  Announcing GIVE AWAY WINNERS from Paper Folds #702.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUE544mK058

61.  Anti Stress pop up Toy  Hexahedron  Modular Origami - 1076.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VcnwHuN6c4

62.  Assemble an Origami Paper Airplane ? (Aeroplane) - Modular !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbcG8ieHVzc

63.  Banner Popup card - DIY Tutorial - 911.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYUjwioa7Ds

64.  Basic Quilling Designs  Shapes for Beginners (Over 40 Designs) - Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AeT3xsyxkE

65.  Bat Flying Plane  Origami - 1075.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erkbhnG3SPI

66.  Beautiful 5 Petals Flower - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 989.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNGFWxg2Tn4

67.  Beautiful Flower - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shQxABp5wMo

68.  Beautiful Flower ?? Origami - Paper Dahlia  Flower ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eVb8sF2u7k

69.  Beautiful Flower- DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 987.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QImSf8XNhTU

70.  Beautiful Origami - Paper  Flower Gift Pin Label - Happy Friendship day!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRt5VpHMBEs

71.  Beautiful Origami - Paper Flower with Eight petals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NI-0aA52hvs

72.  Beautiful Origami - Paper Flower with Five Petals !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZtwc37IRxU

73.  Beautiful Origami Paper Four(4) Petals -  Flower.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqNv8D2UcrA

74.  Bell Flower - DIY  Origami  Tutorial  Handmade - 772.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mmi_CssZ9D0

75.  Best APRIL FOOL PRANK Card ????- DIY  Handmade Tutorials by Paper Folds #712.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCSW9uYySBw

76.  Bird Origami - Paper Bird of Paradise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8fOyNUvmOg

77.  Bird Origami - Paper Emu Bird.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VREcrDhur3U

78.  Birthday Cake Popup Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 986.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38p-1RzER2U

79.  Birthday Card - Quick & Easy - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 702.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Fg86SquRUg

80.  Birthday Explosion Card - DIY  Scrapbook  Handmade  Tutorial - 781.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uG8ofZdcJTI

81.  Birthday Popup Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 991.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTbIVxqhoyg

82.  BLINTZ GREETINGS CARD for SCRAP BOOK - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuhTNKmqALc

83.  Boat Bouquet Popup Card - Valentine heart theme - DIY  Scrapbook  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 816.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcMY6-86czk

84.  Book Popup card - DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 840.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjVcEMIP3vk

85.  Boomerang - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dLEDHApY5M

86.  Bow Tie Envelope - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 946.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6XPOSYUUI4

87.  Bow Tie ?? Finger Ring ?? -DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjlCBfYSpyQ

88.  Box with Flaps - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 714.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tk8jlApKPBU

89.  Box with Heart Wings  Flaps - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 746.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9oP-PD0rrE

90.  Box with Lid by Anna Kastlunger - Origami DIY Tutorial - 865.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WztcBxYZn8

91.  Box with Lid variation by Anna Kastlunger - Origami DIY Tutorial - 871.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jy1g97ffmzs

92.  Braided Corona Star - Mandala -  Designed by Maria Sinyaskaya..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dROpwEHWtK0

93.  Braided Star Rakhi for Raksha Bandhan (Design 25) - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial Origami  ???? - 767.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJkkSZc4Gak

94.  BULL DOG FACE - Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrCerPdoCmI

95.  Bunny Rabbit ?? for Easter - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OYpvET8FVo

96.  Butterfly - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 835.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ddwyg8Xs3-o

97.  BUTTERFLY - Easy Origami Tutorial from Paper Folds #686.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpXBKNicexM

98.  Cake Slice Popup Card (Unique Design) - Birthday Theme - DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 800.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egwOtrjvC5k

99.  Cascading Card  Greeting Card  Scrap Book - Heart  Valentine theme ??????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asRpWHpW2YM

100.  Cat playing Soccer  Football with Ping-pong ball - Very cute and funny..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xt-8zU6oeg

101.  Catapult - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgGanNGJ2p8

102.  Checkered  Woven Heart Card - Diy Tutorial - Valentine Special!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kklx6Pe0vjo

103.  Checkered Heart ? for Valentine's Day - Origami Tutorial from Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXMEMyYPOSM

104.  Chinese Lantern ?? (Diwali  Christmas  Eid decoration) - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_cUHS203Ao

105.  Chocolate Twisters - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds for Beginners - 749.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jlh9KAf3X7k

106.  Chopstick Holder  Case - DIY Origami Tutorial for Paper Folds - 723.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvghZ-ymnLY

107.  Christmas Maze Card - DIY  Scrapbook  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 827.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAW46DOF_ew

108.  CHRISTMAS Popup Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sez2AC1s_vY

109.  CHRISTMAS TREE POPUP CARD - DIY  Handmade Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfpqMnZrsTw

110.  Christmas Tree with Popup Card - DIY  Scrapbook  Tutorial by Paper folds - 832.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c_yy0GsHBQ

111.  Christmas Tree ?? - DIY Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - Very easy to make !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAl2jSV-6vg

112.  CHRISTMAS TREE ?? - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukqDMbzfy2M

113.  Christmas Tree ?? Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 962.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74rEGxnYI1M

114.  Christmas Wreath - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 846.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pd-jAttGxS8

115.  Christmas Wreath Decoration - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 1015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4VBZwVVaCg

116.  Circular  Round Gift box - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfoW6RyIgRw

117.  Circular Interlocking Envelope Card - DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGlzjyjGrms

118.  Circular Maze Card (Unique Design) - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 927.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Nxt9p2FRy0

119.  Circular Quilling Earrings(Design 2)  - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6d-ZUMS7Pw

120.  Circular Waterfall card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYCxSDbBHuU

121.  Clapping Seal (Sea Lion) - DIY  Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkM0CYTRbvw

122.  Clematis Flower - DIY Origami Tutorial - 953.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TM-oDRj1nI

123.  Collapsible & Expandable card  Scrapbook - DIY Tutorial - 899.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8_DI_GMGA8

124.  Colourful Cube - DIY Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ys-kwTah_g

125.  Comet - The Ultimate Flying Plane - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 996.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uV6pe7hZd4

126.  Concealed  Closed Tall Gift Box using A4 sheet -  DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSweGbk75zU

127.  Concealed Secret Rectangular Gift Box Dominoes Building Blocks - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75Na7r63N28

128.  Craft and Origami by  by Paper Folds SUBSCRIBERS - (Edition 2) #710.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPdWZRv2M4c

129.  Craft and Origami by  by Paper Folds SUBSCRIBERS - Edition 1 #694.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPM8iwTmZow

130.  Craft Design 1 Beautiful Paper netted decoration under 3 minutes(No Glue)- For parties & Functions..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxK0wVwyyFA

131.  Craft Design 3  Hanging Paper Decoration for Diwali  Christmas  Eid  festivals and parties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ixtfRjL__Y

132.  Crane card holder - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ?? - Simple and Easy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAz28odJQnc

133.  Crane Wallet by Jose Meeusen - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 951.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMPRJaX7dy4

134.  Credit  Business  Shopping  Gift Card Holder  Wallet - DIY Origami Tutorial - 878.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S97ZJtQtp-0

135.  Credit  Business card HolderCaseWallet - DIY  Useful Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gl9rIsRII2A

136.  Criss-Cross Popup Card for Father's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 988.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhRr53RlAM4

137.  Croaking Puppet Frog - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-De8746spQ

138.  Crown Gift Box - Origami DIY Tutorial - 854.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYA8Vvrw2xY

139.  Cup?? - Origami for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQGwoV6Mmn8

140.  Curved  Pillow Gift Box for Mother's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 704.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UE7_XZiZKYs

141.  Curved Square Box from a Circle - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 726.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gl_7DjdS8B4

142.  Cutie Catcher  Flexahedron - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9ydJw_nO8I

143.  Cutlery Case - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 696.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSs5dQ3yM2k

144.  Decorative Colourful Lantern  - Diwali - Christmas - Eid - DIY  Tutorial  Best out of Waste - 804.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvywF--HNQQ

145.  Desktop Organizer - Best out of waste  Recycle - DIY Tutorial - 889.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=af7muII-Jt8

146.  Diagonal Fold Popup Card  Scrapbook - DIY Tutorial - 897.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmfMoGiva9g

147.  Diagonal GATE FOLD card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YICaGy6fHmc

148.  DIAMOND ornament decoration for Christmas  - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 685.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0jouCh1UaM

149.  Dirty  Ugly Paper Art - How can Bharath(India) be Clean (Swach) .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWo_4AzMiXA

150.  Diwali Fireworks Popup Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 1000.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPTsHyhqydk

151.  DIY Christmas Tree - Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 945.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-b2ZN83moA

152.  DIY Envelope - Quick and Easy - Tutorial by Paper Folds - 955.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFGuQOvb8FA

153.  Diya  Lamp Popup Card for Diwali - DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 805.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YvOxyg4q_o

154.  Diya - Lamp for Diwali Decoration  - DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 813.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9SAC2o9Uw8

155.  DNA - Origami  DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 842.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAOSAkRN82Q

156.  Dolphin - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gENbGygxx8c

157.  Dominoes - Super easy to make - Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wql6mnOLOXo

158.  Double Curved Quilling Earrings - Design 15 - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 724.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHZIJIWZIX8

159.  Double Heart Interlocking Envelope - DIY Tutorial - 874.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g38gT88EFc8

160.  Double Interlock Secret Card Envelope - 1049.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ilnEhPF1A0

161.  Double Interlocking Secret Envelope Card - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial  Scrapbook  Valentine - 555.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbJCvUhGYZ8

162.  Double Joy Fold Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 957.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grznAZA5JnE

163.  Double Lever Card - DIY ?? How to make ?? Tutorial ?? Scrapbook ?? Paper Folds - 796.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XRhoEzoB5Q

164.  Double Maze Card - Photo Card  Scrap Book  Greetings Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDfd8XqcsMo

165.  DOUBLE MESSAGE DISAPPEARING SECRET  MAGIC Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kni8e8XyVmw

166.  Double Pointed Boat  Canoe  Origami - 1051.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOCMCNn4uWk

167.  Double Window Shutter Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 713.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aDflBj106k

168.  Double Wiper card (Master Unique Design) for Valentines Day - DIY Tutorial - 879.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHsPAuPOVkI

169.  Double Z Fold card  Scrapbook - DIY Tutorial - 876.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNYjVtGRwUY

170.  Dove ?? Bird for peace - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge4uRFr3VGc

171.  Dry Fruit Box (Hexagonal) for Diwali  Christmas  Eid - DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 814.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzKrYlbGA6M

172.  Dual Heart ?? from one sheet of paper - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 1005.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQ6pi5jHxCA

173.  Dual Tone Box - Origami  DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 823.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wzll3L2cjk

174.  Dual Tone Box from  A4 Paper - DIY Origami Tutorial - 868.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXIq7Tmz0zc

175.  Dual tone Surprise Gift Box with Lid - DIY Tutorial - 894.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kELl2lPUvnY

176.  Duck Face - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SW0g5WWHyHY

177.  Dust Pan and Broom Stick  Origami & crafts  - 1048.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yhdu6HFRAOc

178.  Easter Basket (woven) - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeAgptjByag

179.  Easter Basket - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 688.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zeZZXdi4G8Y

180.  Easter Basket - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLurjqMHbvc

181.  Easter Basket - DIY Tutuorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtHAbwEEGKk

182.  Easter Bonnet Hat for Easter parade - DIY Tutorial - 898.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuC_p5JMgfI

183.  Easter Bunny  Rabbit ??  Box - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzdJW_KXerE

184.  Easter Rabbit  Bunny Box - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMuaC_RcAYo

185.  Easter Rabbit  Bunny Face - DIY Origami Tutorial for Beginners..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaJCj2XZ6cg

186.  Easy & Simple Origami Lantern ?? for Diwali  Christmas  Eid - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds (Kandil).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bA3S2JmfxWk

187.  Easy 2 Envelopes  with no Glue  Cuts  Tape - DIY Origami Tutorial - 903.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0x28TTG-ynA

188.  Easy 3D RAINBOW Heart -(Valentine's Day) - Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds #692.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOd9yo1ei7o

189.  Easy Accordion Lantern  -  DIY  Diwali  Christmas  Eid  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 807.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSK4Ol2EDlQ

190.  Easy and Fun Origami - Paper Cute Talking Puppet  Snooper!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-pA28wFZ5g

191.  Easy Diwali  Deepawali  Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 937.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POoiNwTrBLQ

192.  Easy DIY Flower Pot for decoration - Tutorial by Paper Folds  948.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cC1Jt8tjeg

193.  Easy Envelope - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgXM7LDV5Vg

194.  Easy Fidget Spinner without Bearing - Handmade  DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 710.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPRcT23YRuA

195.  Easy Flower from Toilet Paper Roll - DIY  Best from Waste  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 773.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plwrNRrWVjQ

196.  Easy Gift Box Ideas for Diwali  Christmas  Eid - DIY  Tutorial  Paper Folds ?? - 802.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEVAJFhQMhw

197.  Easy Heart  Love Bookmark - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 718.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeFhxWGMOe0

198.  Easy Heart  Love Bookmark - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 728.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1T4iAfWtR70

199.  Easy Heart Popup Card (Valentine's Day) - Tutorial by Paper Folds # 691.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnU1124PEzk

200.  Easy Hearts fold card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 983.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjxgkXEya9w

201.  Easy Interlocking Square Envelope - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QdGU0zBaqA

202.  Easy Lantern ?? - DIY  Origami  Diwali  Christmas  Eid  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 798.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BS0n11YQlYU

203.  Easy Lantern ?? for Diwali  Christmas  Eid - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVEqyHV2F5s

204.  Easy Origami - Paper Heart ?? Beats - Valentine special!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqm2roG7f8A

205.  Easy Origami - Paper Heart ??- A4 sheet  !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jizmI8xUA6Q

206.  Easy Origami - Paper Knife Boat  !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8e-EPhR9g8

207.  Easy Origami Paper 'House' - ?? - ???!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqRUVBaQdvQ

208.  Easy Origami Paper Mystery  Magic Boat  Trick your friends..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yfc7Xz_ULnk

209.  Easy Paper Boat for Beginners - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwVMCS1C2ys

210.  Easy Paper Lantern ?? for Diwali  Christmas Eid - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 934.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8y6y51dWKY

211.  Easy Paper Rakhi for Raksha Bandhan ( Design16) - ????  DIY  Tutorial  Handmade - 745.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtOVXDFSTus

212.  EASY PHOTO FRAME - DIY  Handmade Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xu4pIjVzbv4

213.  Easy Photo Frame with Rakhi holder - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 741.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Px8ZB4eN4Zo

214.  Easy POPUP Card - DIY  Scrapbook  Handmade  Tutorial - 761.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmP2fl3BNBo

215.  EASY POPUP CARD - Heart  Valentine Theme  - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dO6RjJX7B4

216.  Easy Quilling Flower - DIY Tutorial - 855.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWRGDl5pxt0

217.  Easy Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan (Design 2) - Handmade  DIY  Quilling  Tutorial  ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3tyt1oedqg

218.  Easy Snowflakes  Wall hanging Decoration  for Christmas- DIY Tutorial - 851.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVXpi65PkVI

219.  Easy Tabletop Lantern for Diwali  Christmas  Eid Decoration - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BPcu26a0dk

220.  Easy to make TRASH BIN  DUSTBIN - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Vfw2D2m8Po

221.  Easy Valentine's Day Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 933.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYgSvXLH7js

222.  Elephant Face - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds for Beginners - 742.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkWPeUJQGwM

223.  Emoji  Smiley Face Popup Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 929.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_d8ik7yrmzk

224.  Envelope  - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 706.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9gY5ZU8fJw

225.  Envelope - DIY  Handmade Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 715.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBv0BDpHI7M

226.  Envelope from A4 sheet (No Glue or Tape) - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMI-lywwbK4

227.  ENVELOPE RAKHI Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan (Design 10)- DIY  Handmade Tutorial  ???? - 734.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32jopcg0cWE

228.  Exploding Envelope - Design by Sandro Asatiani - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3qKCaUXfcQ

229.  EXPLOSION 3D Flower Popup Card Box - Tutorial by Paper folds # 687.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zq3B_dXxCU

230.  Explosion Surprise Gift Box  Greetings Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CZo9WvucDY

231.  F-15 Fighter Jet Paper Plane - 1035.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQ4zrmXa1YE

232.  F15 Flying Fighter Jet Plane - 1040.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9e_wRMlJfIE

233.  Face Mask Dispenser  Trash Bin  - origami - 1042.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9Y-g9ror5g

234.  Fidget Spinner Rakhi  bracelet for Raksha Bandhan (Design 18) - ???? DIY  Handmade  Tutorial -752.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4clJ7um5aBc

235.  Fidget Spinner Rakhi for Raksha Bandhan (Design 17) - ????  DIY  Handmade  Tutorial - 748.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9ZMTZ0oKvs

236.  Fidget Spinner without Bearing  - Handmade  DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 707.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDuo0VZ1mB4

237.  Fidget Spinner without Bearing - Handmade  DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 721.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chCO18e4weI

238.  Fighter Jet Flying Plane - 1034.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYyprnX6uJ0

239.  Finger Puppet Cat - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 747.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seOrwoIRvWU

240.  Finger Puppet Dog ?? - DIY Fun Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYRGTa5EhoQ

241.  Fish ?? - DIY Origami  Tutorial by Paper Folds ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfCnm5SgXY4

242.  Flapping Bat for Halloween - DIY  Origami  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 797.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gr5QGtSuJ_g

243.  Flapping Bird - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 687.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHkTO34puYs

244.  Flower  Fruit Easter Basket  - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJKd7zZhykM

245.  Flower (5 Petals) - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial  Origami - 834.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWTEaqU0wlU

246.  Flower Bouquet for Birthdays, Weddings & Anniversaries - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 959.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsyuSLGyAM8

247.  Flower Bouquet Popup Card - DIY Tutorial - 853.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wScLg91HJBI

248.  Flower box - Origami DIY Tutorial - 862.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYnOrFt0XjU

249.  Flower Box - Useful Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIuws3vtNRQ

250.  Flower Box for Women's Day - DIY Origami Tutorial - 891.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=km_b_hV7GcE

251.  Flower Embossed Rakhi for Raksha Bandhan (Design 15) - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial  ???? - 744.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YgSThkOZjU

252.  Flower Envelope - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 680.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPyuuZhYfpw

253.  Flower Envelope Box  Origami - 1073.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-E-I1iIzYeA

254.  Flower Envelope for Teacher's Day  - DIY ?? Handmade ?? Tutorial ?? Paper Folds - 791.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f34g3uYoUlw

255.  Flower Envelope Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan (Design 7) - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial  ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blkOfg53dHA

256.  Flower Envelope ?  - Tutorial from Paper Folds!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3ZedBNHcoQ

257.  Flower Heart Bouquet Popup Card - DIY Tutorial - 870.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMKpg2fr8js

258.  Flower Origami tutorial   - Paper Simple Lotus Flower Pin - Very easy to make.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7Uz0NuvTh4

259.  Flower Popup Card - DIY  Scrapbook  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 831.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYVGGwkQltY

260.  Flower Popup Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 973.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9qSRU5uXqU

261.  Flower Popup Explosion Box - DIY Tutorial - 873.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaNyRVgltS4

262.  Flower Pot ( Fireworks)  Popup Card for Diwali - DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 810.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=re2kSjaCc2I

263.  Flower Pot Box - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds 1010.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca5HiRnXaW8

264.  Flower Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan  ???? - Design 12 - DIY Tutorial - 736.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHWOFu_7ZAU

265.  Flower Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan (Design 1) - Handmade  DIY  Quilling  Tutorial  ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96NaJlFbzB0

266.  Flower Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan (Design 21) - ????  DIY  Handmade  Tutorial - 760.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCpJFZ9tm2g

267.  Flower Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan (Design 3) - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial  ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWggHxWShwk

268.  Flower Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan (Design 4) - DIY  Quilling  Tutorial  Easy ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTIhQ57UGJk

269.  Flower Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 1002.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIvEwX07wzc

270.  Flower Rakhi for Raksha Bandhan (Design 19) - ????  DIY  Handmade  Tutorial - 757.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62B5M5PL41U

271.  Flower Vase - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 954.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xHxPcySD20

272.  FLOWER Waterfall Card - Tutorial from Paper Folds # 688.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmEGoGsdpwQ

273.  FLOWERS from banned 1000  500 rupee notes - DIY Tutorial from Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0t3j8n0ey5o

274.  Flowers from Round Paper - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 950.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I92XvRVLtuE

275.  Flying Boat - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 681.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmces4gscUk

276.  FLYING DISC  FRISBEE  WREATH - Modular Origami Tutorial from Paper Folds #695.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgRiOPlGmGg

277.  FLYING PLANE using Clothes PinPeg - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial  Paper Folds - 774.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPq4jwDOpWQ

278.  Ganesha and Modak  - Origami DIY Tutorial -923.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsAyR_hhZFM

279.  Gerbera Flower (Scrapbook) - DIY Handmade Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dIqr-9Xl0g

280.  Gerbera Flower - Easy & Beautiful - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 970.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kP51TrkEVcY

281.  Giant Flowers - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 690.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUEjgpCGbeA

282.  Gift Box for all Occasions  Origami - 1055.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aEwoDbnR4Y

283.  Gift Box for all Occasions and Festive seasons  Origami - 1058.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XDCgNTkibU

284.  Gift Box with Flaps ?? - Useful Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrEMyY0Za3Y

285.  GIFT Popup card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmGpYFsGW-8

286.  Gift Wrapping Ideas - Open Heart - DIY  Tutorial - 790.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83XwG60eE2k

287.  GIVE AWAY for Valentine's Day !!??????(Closed) - #703.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGZaCw3c5Gc

288.  GIVE AWAYS by PAPER FOLDS  (Closed) #699.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7PSPtAqzYI

289.  Gladulla Flowers - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial - 756.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9sXWw5jBHk

290.  Halloween Black Cat  Kitty ' - DIY Animal origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoIgW3j9STs

291.  Halloween PUMPKIN  Jack O Lantern  Origami - 1052.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVbAK5ZDN5E

292.  Hand Heart  Love Card for Valentine's  Mother's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 727.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTjtnpdSkg8

293.  Handbag  Wallet  Purse for Daughter's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds -  1009.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CNOTdLQT5U

294.  HANGING  or DESKTOP PHOTO CUBE - DIY  Handmade Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UEtmqMX1SU

295.  HANGING BALL DECORATION for Christmas tree  New Year  Diwali - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDar1HXMAns

296.  Hanging Decoration - Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3aTRbWL3o8

297.  HANGING HEART FLOWER BOUQUET for Valentine's Day - Tutorial by Paper Folds #705.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQP18uyE74E

298.  Hanging Honeycomb Ball Decoration - DIY Tutorial - 860.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1GzXzY5ubw

299.  HANGING STAR DECORATION  for Christmas Tree  New Year Diwali - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-8mrbFGG-U

300.  Harlequin Cutie Catcher I Fortune Teller - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 699.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vhl9YgtxqvQ

301.  HARLEQUIN HEART for Valentine's Day - DIY Origami Tutorial from Paper Folds #706.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwxPSVq7HLk

302.  Heart  Love Finger Ring - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 812.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdNg4DUIuW0

303.  Heart  Love Pendant - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial  Valentine - 763.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0CP6vCEwCI

304.  HEART  LOVE Window Shutter Card - DIY Tutorial from Paper Folds - 694.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOIDKhGJgSI

305.  HEART  LOVE WINDOW SHUTTER CARD for Valentine's Day - Easy Method  - DIY Tutorial from Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-p2lgNlpbg0

306.  Heart Bouquet Gift Box Popup Card for Valentine's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 975.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYvtEzSYlaI

307.  Heart Burst Rakhi for Raksha Bandhan (Design 27) - ???? DIY  Handmade  Tutorial  Origami - 769.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcb842a6Nfs

308.  Heart Circular Card (Unique Design) - DIY  Scrap Book - Tutorial by Paper Folds - 826.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sO_9C-Ac3MU

309.  Heart Cube for Valentine's Day - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8v8aVfsE4sg

310.  Heart Embossed Box - DIY  origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 932.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvE4DmQFubs

311.  Heart Envelope ?? from A4 sheet (Valentine special) - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Af6vA7_WrVg

312.  Heart Face  - Cube Box - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 697.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_sRcHAA5VQ

313.  Heart flower Circular Popup card  Scrap Book for Valentine day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDrzx44H9Y0

314.  Heart Frame Gift Box for Valentine's day - DIY Tutorial - 883.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRkxTIVzBqo

315.  Heart Gift Box  Envelope with Secret Message (Valentine special) - Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8NUq9rIbkc

316.  HEART GREETINGS CARD WITH A SECRET MESSAGE for Valentine's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eksWMWUeqQ8

317.  Heart Photo  Picture Frame for Valentine's Day - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZwydpRszG4

318.  HEART POPUP Card  for Valentine's day - Easy DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds #701.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFhed-n0PYw

319.  HEART POPUP CARD for Valentine's Day  - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds???? #707.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aohHV-Z4uMM

320.  HEART Quilling Earring - Tutorial by Paper Folds (Design 7) #690.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AizUZd7u6wE

321.  Heart shaped Card holder - Useful Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMl4fvo-0Ug

322.  Heart Spinning (Master Unique Design) Tower card  Scrapbook - DIY Tutorial - 906.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2418Ey1FU4o

323.  Heart Spinning Card (Master Unique Design) - DIY Tutorial - 884.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTu7TNYmXo0

324.  Heart Wiper Popup Card - DIY  Scrapbook  Handmade  Tutorial - 753.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWbZac1gm8M

325.  HEART ? SPINNING CARD - Valentine theme - DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFqQczPMa3M

326.  Heart ?? with Bowtie for Valentine's Day -1072.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzTgE4eECa8

327.  Heart ?? Flying Rocket Plane (Valentine's  Day)- Flies a very long distance- Action Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyThgF4oVHc

328.  Heart ?? Pendant  Dollar - Valentine special - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyNWulW8PN0

329.  Heart ?? Photo frame for Valentine's day - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guooFNK14mU

330.  Heart ?? Popup Scrap book for Valentine's day - Easy DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBY4QI97Vvo

331.  Heart ?? with Wings -  Valentine special - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HccPlwBj1C8

332.  Hello Origami Book - Worldwide ??Giveaway?? from Paper Folds - 719(Closed).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yreOQNiIyw

333.  Hexagonal Box with one Sheet of paper - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 941.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUpD-P_rs3Q

334.  Hexagonal box with Pyramid Lid - DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 841.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKuEnPhyrXs

335.  Hexagonal Box(Unique Design) Popup Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 928.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKTMUTpY1A8

336.  Hexagonal Explosion Card Box - DIY Tutorial - 864.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6coWKTgPDEo

337.  Hexagonal Gift Box - Diwali  Christmas  Eid - DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 803.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQIiXaXEFuQ

338.  Hexagonal Magic Envelope Trick - DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 844.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WS5g-0Svj5Q

339.  Hexagonal Pen  Pencil Holder - DIY  Handmade - Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WUxRBvF4nE

340.  Hexagonal Pen  Pencil Holder - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ogC9f2b1Gg

341.  Hexagonal Pen Holder - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 930.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWxY4E4I8n0

342.  Hexagonal Pencil Holder  Box with Lid - DIY Tutorial - 905.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wV3augMj5Xc

343.  Hexagonal Secret Envelope Card  Origami  - 1067.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yDvVrNpoAQ

344.  Hexagonal Star Box  Origami  - 1068.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qio3wNaTevM

345.  Hinged Square Gift Box - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 789.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iygvMlPnhew

346.  Honeycomb Popup Heart Card  for Valentine's Day - DIY Tutorial - 882.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Unr6Ymfb3M

347.  How to cut a 5 & 6 pointed STAR from Square Paper - DIY Tutorial - 869.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ri7N_rauTDQ

348.  How to cut a PENTAGON from a Square Paper - 1065.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQcO18HcOUQ

349.  How to cut a Star from a Square paper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozDwJhctag0

350.  How to cut an Equilateral Triangle from a Square Paper - 1063.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAxQ5c1lBzU

351.  How to cut an Equilateral Triangle from A4 Paper - 1064.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySu9DupL1Ig

352.  How to cut HEXAGON from a Square Paper - 1066.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tO6LCTn4gg

353.  How to do a easy and simple ??Heart Chain  Links - Valentine Origami  Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEvuyhBmoso

354.  How to do a easy Paper Study Desk - Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewduPDtJJsY

355.  How to do a simple and easy Paper 'Traditional Classic Boat ??'  - Origami for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhGixjpWtfg

356.  How to do a simple and easy ?? Triangle box - Useful Modular Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=synF1Dx3yZI

357.  How to do a super easy paper ??Mouse  Rat ?? face - Origami for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FF94Mg2Exw

358.  How to do an easy Paper Modular star of Vibrance - Decorative Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSRMU9zhtq0

359.  How to draw easy Line Optical illusions pattern  - Zentangles design !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnvDpAY_2uE

360.  How to draw random  Line Optical illusions patterns - Zentangle  Design.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwr9Xjr5_Qc

361.  How to fold  make a paper One Piece dress(Frock) - Costume Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2dCOBZoGiI

362.  How to fold  make a Paper Treasure  Jewelry Box - Useful Modular Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdA1fDDgUkE

363.  How to fold  make an easy Paper Mushroom ??  - Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEevz8DbrUg

364.  How to fold  make an easy paper Rectangle Tray - Useful Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5C97vAuKf9Y

365.  How to fold  make an easy Paper Standing House - Origami Tutorial for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8c3bJi2AUIU

366.  How to fold  Water Bomb Base quickly in 3 simple methods - Origami..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8t8G7e18Tzo

367.  How to fold a PreliminarySquare Base in two (2) quick and easy methods - Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5z1IIYtmhY

368.  How to foldmake Bird of Paradise flower using Tissue Paper - Easy Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RoSjEfXEdAc

369.  How to make  fold an easy Paper Toothpick Holder  - Useful Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYGv8MIKHn8

370.  How to make 3 easy amazing Star ?? designs -  Paper Craft tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7mEbMiPxvk

371.  How to make a  easy and simple Paper Toothpick holder  Case - Useful Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tUCDjL_TTM

372.  How to make a  Secret Box Envelope ?  using A4 paper- Useful Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVnwg9AbWDc

373.  How to make a 16 pointed Tri colour Star (Diwali Christmas Eid decoration) - Modular Origami!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Jjf3l5b3u8

374.  How to make a 3D Paper Lucky puffy Heart ?? for friendship ?? and love- Valentine Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Edme3jiHN-c

375.  How to make a beautiful - Poinsettia flower - OrigamiCraft Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxR14lYJElk

376.  How to make a beautiful Paper Quilling Flower (Design 2) - Craft Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krUtrnaMUOg

377.  How to make a Circular Popup Greeting card for Birthday and Special occasions-Paper craft tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpKtHt9crDk

378.  How to make a Daisy Flower - Paper Crafts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTDwEQBCNrY

379.  How to make a double coloured Paper ??Tulip ?? Flower  with stem and leaf - Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jV0SCnLj8nw

380.  How to make a easy  Paper ' ?? Sunflower ?? ' - Flower Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWO2fLmz75k

381.  How to make a easy 3D Heart ?? - Valentine Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZdkHHOHhCs

382.  How to make a Easy and Simple Paper Flower Pot - Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcA6yCpRybk

383.  How to make a Easy Hanging Chandelier   Lantern ?? for Parties and Festivals - DIY Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82UTQ9AFHck

384.  How to make a easy Heart ?? using Quilling paper - Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=355cXAebxYU

385.  How to make a easy paper 'Butterfly ' - Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hdu3kss_vto

386.  How to make a easy Paper 'Panda ?? ' - Origami for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dw9nAQwRQwI

387.  How to make a easy Paper Axe - Weapon Origami tutorial..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-450cXBDuoc

388.  How to make a Easy paper Bear ?? Face(Baloo of Jungle Book) - Origami for Beginners tutorial..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIrT9jdCgWQ

389.  How to make a easy Paper Car - Origami for Beginners !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfFL2m6I9pE

390.  How to make a easy paper Octagonal Cane Wreath  Ring - Modular Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=du1UUg6Shrc

391.  How to make a easy paper ? Sail Boat - Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvJubwLahhI

392.  How to make a easy realistic paper ?? Valentine Rose ??  - Paper crafts tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KybLjs40qZY

393.  How to make a easysimple Paper '8 pointed Star ?? ' -Modular Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y95Ybw3G-rA

394.  How to make a Knife boat  - Origami tutorial for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7Ho572UCzI

395.  How to make a Modular Paper Tri-Colour Star ?? (Indian Republic day special) - Origami tutorial !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2asSzpNnqI

396.  How to make a Modular star (Mandala) of Calmness - Decorative Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtZf5KDl3fk

397.  How to make a Modular star (Mandala) of radiance - Decorative Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nScDu6knqUU

398.  How to make a paper  Box with lid  - Useful origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUQN2jdNQqg

399.  How to make a paper  Chinese Vase - Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGIRn0HI0Hc

400.  How to make a Paper  Flower Bowl - Useful Origami tutorial ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6-_vu6zaEQ

401.  How to make a paper  Juicy Ice Candy  Popsicle  - Food ?? Origami  Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5FdpjEV1ws

402.  How to make a paper  Quilling Grapes ??  - Craft Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrU8_3jsaZU

403.  How to make a Paper  Twisted Square Box - Variation 1 - Useful Origami tutorial ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mA_Z166XpA8

404.  How to make a paper  Vortex quilling coil - Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUaQ66bSKuk

405.  How to make a paper  Wrist Watch ?  - Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GrWRtNzMOg

406.  How to make a paper  ??Gift  Business card holder  Folder ?? - Useful Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lA01AssIEOQ

407.  How to make a Paper  ?? Bulldog Bookmark - Useful Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azhMntkXF_o

408.  How to make a Paper  ??Heart  Clover ?? Coaster - Useful Modular Valentine Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4OOtby13g8

409.  How to make a Paper 'Eagle  Hawk' - Bird ?? Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4p56AFWuBg

410.  How to make a Paper 'Umbrella ? ' - Origami tutorial..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxWxXTo5raE

411.  How to make a Paper - Butterfly Finger Ring ??  - Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FyfVUSgDfQ

412.  How to make a Paper - Cute little colorful 'Umbrella ? ' - Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5PsiwdI5QI

413.  How to make a Paper - Halloween ?? Scary Skull ??  - Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfhyGR3dFig

414.  How to make a Paper - Pumpkin ?? - Halloween ?? Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvnqQ6cdxsU

415.  How to make a Paper Award Medal - Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHM_hKbHNUo

416.  How to make a paper Camping Tent - Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sP0XIUQAA8

417.  How to make a Paper Carla Mandala Star  - Designed by Maria Sinayskaya - Modular Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Vp5O59WfkE

418.  How to make a paper Cat box - Useful Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1Hj0RBs9QE

419.  How to make a paper Concorde Flying Plane ?  - Origami Tutorial!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTYs_6fKhTE

420.  How to make a Paper Cot  Blanket  Pillow (Complete Bedding) - Origami Tutorial ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SaeoIFNHPaU

421.  How to make a Paper Crane Bird Bookmark  - Useful Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmOzzJo-KH8

422.  How to make a Paper Cricket Bat ?? - Origami for Beginners (T20  IPL) ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3KgcOGe2UM

423.  How to make a Paper Crown ?? Box ??  - Useful Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2yU2iCAPBk

424.  How to make a Paper Daisy Flower - Modular Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bByanMzXRxU

425.  How to make a Paper Finger ring ??  - Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGsh3xS3a24

426.  How to make a paper Gift  Shopping Bag - Useful Origami  Craft tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8z1kWZbfF_Y

427.  How to make a paper Gift wrap without Glue, Tape or Stapler - Useful Origami..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_Zu9CmZZ0k

428.  How to make a Paper Heart Gift Box - Valentine Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VY5OAz_Kzis

429.  How to make a paper Hexagonal gift box wrap  - Useful Origami Tutorial..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWAt9snMoj4

430.  How to make a Paper House with Chimney - Easy Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4Aqe9hrCoE

431.  How to make a paper Inflated Cube with wings Satellite  - Variation  - Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbvPvknRZZo

432.  How to make a Paper Inflated Frog - Animal Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdrt5RgDrq4

433.  How to make a paper Matchstick box - Useful Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7u-4G1lkx4c

434.  How to make a Paper Mini Gift Box ?? for Mother's day - Useful Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxm6zckfSV8

435.  How to make a paper Mini Gift ?? Bag - Origami Gift Ideas - Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xm8TAzXVgRI

436.  How to make a paper Open Square Gift Box - Useful Origami Tutorial!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isVqLlDeylc

437.  How to make a Paper Parachute  that flies and Lands safely and smoothly - Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzbJheUoW3Y

438.  How to make a Paper Plate dish - Useful Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gm6-WBwKBt8

439.  How to make a paper Pullout Drawer - Modular Useful Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWrrzzZyCv8

440.  How to make a paper Quilling Heart Earring - Valentine gift ideas..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIGSFsI6pZo

441.  How to make a Paper Rectangle box - Useful Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JvDH3gXOxQ

442.  How to make a paper Seal(Sea Lion) - Animal Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-kOXfdcXMc

443.  How to make a Paper Skull Cap  Taqiyah  Topi - Eid Special - Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrFauEvggGE

444.  How to make a paper Slim Heart ?? Box - Valentine Origami Tutorials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrKQ8u4AYKE

445.  How to make a Paper Square  Masu  Gift box with Lid Variation(1)  - Useful Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4d0wYyz7glc

446.  How to make a Paper Square  MasuGift box with Divider and Lid  - Useful Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9-ESKHdr7A

447.  How to make a Paper Square  MasuGift box with Lid Variation(2)  - Useful Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-C1im0S9nU0

448.  How to make a Paper Storage  Greeting Envelope ? for Mother's day - Useful Origami Tutorial ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8D3dQ6UL_g

449.  How to make a Paper Talking  Kissing ?? puppet Lips ??  - Action Fun Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrNfWOPi0ZY

450.  How to make a Paper Tetrahedron - Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGnXtG4jiMc

451.  How to make a Paper Triangle ? Box  from a Square Paper - Useful Origami tutorial ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ege2PhS0oQ

452.  How to make a paper ?? Gun  Pistol - Origami tutorials for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BheNQu9K2kY

453.  How to make a Pony  Horse ??which can do somersault(Olympics Special) - Action Fun Animal Origami!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd2VS6dzgJM

454.  How to make a quilling Flower design pattern - Paper Crafts tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5n2M5dk26w

455.  How to make a Rose using Table Napkin & Handkerchief for Valentine's Day - Tutorial from Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_Halex8kDQ

456.  How to make a simple and easy Paper 'Royal Crown ??  - Costume Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_q1IE2xpjw

457.  How to make a simple and easy Paper 'Wallet' - Useful Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVqoNtbh-g0

458.  How to make a simple and easy Paper ? Heart Envelope ? (Valentine's Day) - Useful Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEsp3ojqbfE

459.  How to make a simple Strong Gift Box ??   Container - Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7mmRqzbTKA

460.  How to make a Square Box  Container with Flaps using A4 paper - Useful Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32p177mnxz8

461.  How to make a Square Candy Gift box & Twisted CupVase  - Useful Origami Tutorial ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBo7wXXkFY0

462.  How to make a Square Masu Box using  A4  paper - Useful Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KoYa7ZrLhE

463.  How to make a Streamer using tissue paper - Decorative craft  tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPUXB7VTaKg

464.  How to make a super easy Paper  ?? Koala Bear Face - Origami for beginners tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kd2V-nh3sKk

465.  How to make a super easy Paper Cat ?? face - Origami for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZBlBWYbI3Q

466.  How to make a super easy paper Dog ?? Face' - Origami for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bz5jQq6Fr6o

467.  How to make a super easy paper Lion Face - Origami for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7R0GeyNRmA

468.  How to make a super easy Paper Wallet ??  - Useful Origami  Craft tutorial for everyone ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_61LCK4u_I

469.  How to make a super easy Pig Face - Animal origami for beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tBFd6Iadhk

470.  How to make a Tall Crown box - Useful Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYqXgYDuRDY

471.  How to make a Traditional Indian Flower ?? Basket - Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fhg0lzRgJsE

472.  How to make a Trash  Dust bin  using News Paper (Swach Bharath) - Green Origami tutorial..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SMp5cx9lIE

473.  How to make an easy  Paper Army war Tank  Panzer   - Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZUsMGM_plQ

474.  How to make an easy  ??Water Bomb ?? (Holi Special) - Fun Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltiB7tn3CEU

475.  How to make an easy and a Simple Paper 'Envelope ? ' - Useful Origami..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DthSgTXaTA

476.  How to make an Easy and Simple  Paper Airplane ?  - Modular Origami - My Childhood model..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MEDRe_d8P0

477.  How to make an easy and simple Paper  Flying Boat - Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S28MVBs33xg

478.  How to make an easy Black Panther face - Bagheera of Jungle Book - Origami for beginners ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dABJ_x89fQI

479.  How to make an easy Flower ??Pot  Bouquet  for Mother's day - Paper craft tutorials ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Omt21q1w-QA

480.  How to make an easy paper   Justicia Flower - Craft Tutorial..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ku4DxX-2mKQ

481.  How to make an easy Paper  Tiger ?? Face (Shere Khan of Jungle Book) - Origami for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNkXe0ZIWZg

482.  How to make an easy paper 'Piano'  - Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClhV2y6TBYY

483.  How to make an easy paper Angel Fish - Origami for Beginners tutorial..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riX2nqGno4w

484.  How to make an easy Paper Basketball ?? Hoop - Origami for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBcE5gIZpwU

485.  How to make an easy Paper Carrot - Origami tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvKMMpxU_mc

486.  How to make an Easy Paper Diamond (Diwali  Christmas  Eid Decoration) - Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z_8gr28tbk

487.  How to make an easy Paper Flying Rocket Plane - Origami tutorial for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9aVBMrdFXI

488.  How to make an easy paper Modular Flower for Mother's Day - Origami Tutorial ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-DUZdFxM7I

489.  How to make an easy Paper Standing ??Valentine Rose ??  - Paper Craft Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-_Ef4iVJOI

490.  How to make an easy paper ??Heart under 2 minutes(A4 paper) - Valentine Origami for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwr0RZ2Vue0

491.  How to make Beautiful Easy and Simple PaperModular Star(DiwaliChristmas Eid decoration)- Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Cjaf8vsMDI

492.  How to make Four(4) PreliminarySquare bases  from  One(1) square sheet - Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GoczcrDcjs

493.  How to make Pentagon from a Square sheet !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1SJuW8vyI0

494.  How to quickly make a Heart ?? Paper Clip using Paper clip?? under 30 seconds -Valentine  Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MJ9puO3FOE

495.  How to tie a Traditional Sikh Punjabi (India) Turban (Step by step instructions) - 969.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HNGEicGiNA

496.  illusion pattern - Zentagles design..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rG_BNlzmiHk

497.  Impossible Fold Card - DIY Tutorial - 907.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hduMqiaJjYw

498.  Impossible Gift Box - DIY Tutorial - 880.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0hv7o7Rxow

499.  Impossible Gift Box with Two Lids (Unique Design) - DIY tutorial - 888.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9BftbjZUpY

500.  Indian Cap ????  Gandhi Topi  Jawaharlal Nehru Topi - News Paper !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goVaNfEPZdY

501.  Indian Cap ????  Gandhi Topi  Nehru Cap using Newspaper - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxhxFbEFIbk

502.  Indian Cap ???? Gandhi Topi  Jawaharlal Nehru Cap using A4 sheet - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCqStfc405A

503.  Indian Cap ???? Gandhi Topi  Jawaharlal Nehru Topi - Using Newspaper - Very easy !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yB7FCqd5rOg

504.  Indian Cap ???? Nehru Cap  Gandhi Topi for Children's day - DIY Origami Tutorial - 944.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pk7JPV8864M

505.  Indian Republic Day Special - Modular Tri Colour Origami Tutorial (400th Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H78pVfL-0So

506.  Infinite  Never Ending Explosion Box for Mother's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 700.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWO-1FRk9QE

507.  Infinite  Never Ending Explosion Cube Box Card - DIY Tutorial - 901.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba3-c7uQqtw

508.  Infinite Fireworks  Infinite Flipper  Anti Stress Toya- 1022.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5xewvFqimE

509.  Infinite Flipper   Hexa-Flexagon - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 684.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7eoVvx9WpE

510.  INFINITE FLIPPER  FLEXAGON - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds #714.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0PdQTVTb7c

511.  Infinite Flipper  Never Ending Card (Valentine theme) - Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHsOUi1JYkg

512.  INFINITE FLIPPER  NEVER ENDING CARD - DIY  Handmade Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-p7HymHkKI

513.  Infinite Flipper  Never Ending card - DIY tutorial - 896.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sb9LDBCn_Fo

514.  Infinite Flipper  Never Ending Card from one Paper Sheet - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial - 777.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KF_KQFdDd8

515.  Infinite Flipper  Never Ending Flipper -(Design by Anna Kastlunger)-Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNWhT-pkA1o

516.  Infinite Rotating Tetrahedron  Flexagon - DIY Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=db8PniE4PmQ

517.  Inflated Cube with Wings - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 737.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yCjDe1Iq5g

518.  INFLATED DIAMOND - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnW8A1iTYuo

519.  Inflated Easter Bunny Rabbit ?? - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHQWxCRqcRM

520.  Inflated Gold Fish - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3Zbm0K4bjE

521.  Interlocking Lantern ?? for Diwali  Christmas  Eid - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 940.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHM7zX5UXNA

522.  Interlocking Origami Cube - 1017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xr_ZWlnf5OE

523.  Interlocking Square Envelope  Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KO_33V8YEsk

524.  Jack O Lantern  Pumpkin for Halloween ?? - Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTOGA4haygE

525.  Japanese Brocade  Cube Jewelry Gift Box - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qwt6-aS2Yb8

526.  JAPANESE ENVELOPE  - DIY  Handmade Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vK7jIkas2jk

527.  Jewellery Gift Box with lid - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkCEHX5lEb8

528.  JHUMKA  Bell Earrings - Design 6 - Quilling Tutorial from Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79nBVUxhXO4

529.  Joy Fold Card - Super Easy DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 952.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GXfEJbq7nsw

530.  Jumping Frog ??  (Variation 3) - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzDqCW1jfD8

531.  Koala ?? Bookmark - Origami DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds 1021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWWirXz5v68

532.  Koi Fish ?? - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46dwl33a9mE

533.  Lantern ?? for Diwali  Christmas  Eid - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds(Kandil) (1630386).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMAY4UyOn6k

534.  Lantern ?? for Diwali  Christmas  Eid - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds(Kandil).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okc400kzces

535.  Lantern ?? for Diwali Christmas  Eid - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds (Kandil).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0q7xgwJL36o

536.  Leaf Card  Envelope  Letter (No Glue or Tape) - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-tI6CPyiTs

537.  Leaf Envelope - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 942.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3w8HEOwAiY

538.  Lightsaber - STAR WARS - DIY  Origami  Tutorial - 754.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iw_vd3vmssM

539.  LINE CUBE  HEXAHEDRON  Gift Box - Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds #708.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w568Q4Nd_3I

540.  LINE CUBE - HEXAHEDRON Gift Box (Variation) - DIY Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nux9uj2wu7g

541.  Long Distance Flying Plane  Origami  - 1053.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3q9HxFIgyF8

542.  Lotus Flower Bowl  Box - Origami ?? DIY ?? Tutorial by Paper Folds - 819.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1SudBT9_Y0

543.  Love ?? Cat ?? for Valentines day - DIY origami tutorial..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTKMkiw5tTY

544.  Magic Box - DIY Tutorial - 877.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D45r-q2Pc_s

545.  Magic Card Wallet - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SYPyC6Thrs

546.  MAGIC CIRCLE - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds #121.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItHOVARCYj4

547.  Magic Envelope (Anyone can do this trick) - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jH7MP8-DV4

548.  MAGIC ENVELOPE (TRICK) - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcMLdPu0of0

549.  MAGIC ENVELOPE - Anyone can do this trick - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myXwn-rc-t8

550.  Magic Envelope to convert 500 & 1000 rupee notes to 100 rupee notes..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1xNJ8V3do4

551.  Magic Envelope Trick (Variation 4) - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - Anyone can do - 722.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSqvipU636A

552.  Magic Photo Cube Album for Mother's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLrUe6r5GPk

553.  Magic Rose Cube - (Re-Edited - Normal Speed) - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9kr6UWC8rQ

554.  Magic Rose Cube - DIY Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOyrLobVNXw

555.  Magic spiral cube - DIY Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LvinloJSks

556.  Magic Spiral Cube Box - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOGaW_hhsao

557.  Magical Rotating Secret Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 982.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuSKoNh-spE

558.  Magical Spinning Card (Birthday theme) - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds  - 979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2zVLscGYSQ

559.  Make your own Fidget Spinner without bearing (Design 6) - DIY  Quilling  Tutorial - 751.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wops_y2bOSE

560.  Masu  Square Box   - 3 Variations - Origami  DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 845.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUOttSbO8qM

561.  MATERIALS & TOOLS I use for my Origami and Crafts #700.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm_8v0j98d4

562.  MESSAGE DISAPPEARING SECRET  MAGIC CARD - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9ODHDf3b-c

563.  MESSAGE DISAPPEARING SECRET CARD - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNZV1DUbYP8

564.  Message Envelope Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 997.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjNIPfK55VA

565.  Message Wheel (Unique Design) Popup Card for Father's day - DIY Tutorial - 913.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Nm6PBdEiuc

566.  Milk Gift BagBox using A4 sheet - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-IwYLkcpog

567.  Milk Gift Box - 1062.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khkeeMvRVS8

568.  Mini Easter Basket- DIY  Handmade Tutorial by Paper Folds ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eNsQ47XKho

569.  Mini Pencil Box - DIY  Handmade Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62418CBoJo8

570.  Mini Trash bin  Dustbin from A4 Paper (Go Green) - Tutorial by Paper Folds ??..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2Z1Qygvr_I

571.  Miniature Rose Flower Pot  Rose top Toothpick for Valentine's Day - Tutorial from Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94MJvIHXj6Q

572.  Mobile  Smart Phone Holder with Pen Stand (iPhone  Samsu- DIY  Best out of waste  Tutorial - 780.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIfFrtjNvt0

573.  Modular  Origami Star - 1024.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T784BkHpkr0

574.  Modular Action Fun Toy Origami - Paper Slinky  Spring - Using waste cut sheets !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dr0vzbcuv_w

575.  Modular Origami  Tutorial to make  Lotus ( Indian Independence day  Republic day special).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzy6v6CFjVM

576.  Modular Origami - Paper  Pinwheel Cube.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFTOByL7wTA

577.  Modular Origami - Paper Tiled Cube.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3dzDO6TlO0

578.  Modular Origami - Paper Tiny little cute  Cubes (Paneer Cubes)Building Blocks- Very easy to make!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9BOOxN8ZzI

579.  Modular Origami - Simple Paper Triangle Box - Very easy to make !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEyGgpAh2J8

580.  Modular Origami Paper Christmas Wreath  Ninja Star Ring (14 point) -3D.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ilyf1HavF8

581.  Modular Origami Special Indian Independence Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlPrWjgKhuw

582.  Modular Star  Coaster - DIY Handmade  Origami  Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DlYEOQxQcj0

583.  Modular star (Swathi Mandala ) - Decorative Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6CJepwQZKM

584.  Modular Star - Origami  DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 838.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7rtAniBVCc

585.  Modular Star for Diwali Christmas Eid Decoration - Easy DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIrQ6SZPIiA

586.  Mother's Day Card - 1038.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fUuSqkApzI

587.  Mothers Day Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 985.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhAIPIzsjKI

588.  Motor Boat - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLYc5h5dMHg

589.  Multi Envelope Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 712.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evoxdzjKcY4

590.  Multi Fold Accordion Card for Teacher's Day - DIY  Handmade Tutorial  Scrapbook - 786.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYuSKNSsnT0

591.  Multi Split Maze Card  Scrapbook - DIY Tutorial - 867.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyzaFWkFr2I

592.  My Birds photography Collection!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-unF9gJU9A

593.  My Butterfly and Insects  photography collection..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6y1z1NbbsNk

594.  Napkin fold Card box - DIY Tutorial - 885.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWHzDY3xYW0

595.  Napkin Fold Envelope Card - DIY Tutorial - 904.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xL9oIvf7xYk

596.  NAPKIN Fold Envelope Card - DIY Tutorial from Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_mjeaoYZ74

597.  Nehru Topi  Gandhi Topi Indian Cap???? - Origami  Children's day - 1060.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jl30A5JdJf4

598.  Never Ending Card  Infinite Flipper - DIY Tutorial - 893.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drOL5iPG1CI

599.  Ninja Star 'Fidget Spinner' - Handmade  DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 708.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yyxGwFpjxA

600.  Ninja Star Blade Rakhi  Friendship Band  - Raksha Bandhan DIY  Tutorial  Origami  ???? - 768.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOWSy_i-vx8

601.  Ninja Star Blade Shuriken  Modular Origami - 1056.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEsJbsw95O0

602.  Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - 3 pointed  - DIY  Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQFG9SU6WE0

603.  Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - 4 pointed - Simple and Easy - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pvkm6pO0Obo

604.  NINJA STAR BLADE SHURIKEN - DIY  Handmade Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vn5xyRlLgn8

605.  Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - DIY  Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cznuCKGoWNc

606.  Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ?? (1502437).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQ-jTmqTKME

607.  Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5u0X7fB6kE

608.  Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2LeQfmAB_c

609.  Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q23Mhxzx1Mk

610.  Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - Modular Origami  Weapon  Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1__exZVWhU

611.  Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - Modular origami Tutorial by Paper Folds (1284295).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYfpOHYoK4Q

612.  Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - Modular Origami tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0mo18NhsWg

613.  Ninja Star Blade Spinner  Origami - 1043.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENr9WOpu9vQ

614.  Ninja Sword  Sai - Weapon Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sN5f6YBMBMk

615.  Note Envelope Letter - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 999.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SE-v8PTCLaQ

616.  Octagonal Box - Modular Origami DIY Tutorial  - 850.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmv8Mv2woAk

617.  Octagonal Envelope  Origami - 1070.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Lh0zzgU_qU

618.  One Piece FROCK - Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQN7dVvdxU8

619.  OPEN BOX ENVELOPE -  DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds #696.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra8-1zxkU3w

620.  Open Box Envelope ? - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ds7KNOT6Kvo

621.  Open Box with Flaps - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 833.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9lM7FBKFDo

622.  Open Pyramid Box - DIY  Handmade Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 750.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9M5bJfAIIQ

623.  Open Square Box - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 716.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNW4CQzW7SE

624.  Origami  'Duck' - Simple and Easy - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPMRILOEYzw

625.  Origami  Craft Tutorial to make an easy paper Squash Scrap Book  Greetings Card.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17pWtnFePcQ

626.  Origami  Lord Ganesha Ganapathi - Elephant ?? Face God (Ganesha Chaturthi Festival Special)..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AirtXvlWW8

627.  Origami - Paper Elephant ?? Face with Tuskers - Ganesh..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4StySh4ULGc

628.  Origami Bottle - Stands Vertically  Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkk5OFf2esw

629.  Origami Bow Tie - 1013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cj09XoFka8c

630.  Origami Catapult  Slingshot - Very easy to fold..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaQpfs5crBY

631.  Origami Christmas Wreath  Ring (8 pointed) - Very simple and easy to make..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6NvZ6QFQP8

632.  Origami Crane Envelope Tutorial - 1027.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yD88BVPECiU

633.  Origami Cricket  Baseball Hat - Newspaper !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jV5oCy7vBEo

634.  Origami Decorative Cube - 1025.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9U4jII8iIo

635.  Origami DodoDecahedron Puzzle Ball - 1031.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDHkeWpuIlg

636.  Origami Double pointed Boat (Canoe) - Design by Parshwanath - 1014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niAFXfRnHL0

637.  Origami Easter Bunny  Rabbit  Hare ?? ??- 126.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmNupVB-bj0

638.  Origami Easter Bunny Rabbit Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 984.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7Kr_sIENn4

639.  Origami Elephant by Fumiaki Kawahata - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 995.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25-XEsDmpMU

640.  Origami Fasett Cube by Maria Sinayskaya - 1029.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMtzyQM8Fek

641.  Origami Fireworks - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0v_MmTyQ61s

642.  Origami Fish - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 992.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3ejMmkkDrE

643.  ORIGAMI FLOWER - Tutorial by Paper Folds - DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMQLxod9F70

644.  Origami Flying Jet Paper Airplane(10) - The Falcon!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77WLoNUB0Lg

645.  Origami Flying Jet Paper Airplane(4) - Hawk 2 !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sdxHIHbYwM

646.  Origami Flying Jet Paper Airplane(7) - Wildcat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqfenD1Xihw

647.  Origami Flying Jet Paper Airplane(8) - The Mirage !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrpgYcTi8l0

648.  Origami Flying Jet Rocket Paper Airplane (The Cruiser)-Flies, cruises smoothly, goes a far distance..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYtLv4O4JNY

649.  Origami Flying Jet Rocket Paper Airplane - Hawk - Flies very smoothly, sturdy and flies a distance!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7m4lmYFpCH4

650.  Origami Flying Jet Rocket Paper Airplane- Hawk- Flies very smoothly, sturdy and flies a distance..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSN0i6KqbmA

651.  Origami Flying Rocket Jet Airplane with protruding Knife - The Hunter - Flies smoothly!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLDZCu2KJs4

652.  Origami Framed CUBE - 1039.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehBt-DhJQ2o

653.  Origami Frock - DIY Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x32AGS0LD7U

654.  Origami House Tutorial - 1028.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nIcXUonvjg

655.  Origami Interlocking Box Gift Box Rectangular Box - 1019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Te6ZC_obN10

656.  Origami Magic Rose Cube - 1032.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHDHnntozcA

657.  Origami Military Cap (Both A4 paper and News Paper).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtbYdl80OMI

658.  Origami Mini High Heel Shoes - 1018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKcmbKnpS98

659.  Origami Mobile Holder  Stand - 1036.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mamIOdJDeyQ

660.  Origami Paper  'Spoon'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCOYLhirU94

661.  Origami Paper  Simple Flower Pin - Very easy to make.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqnjRKPLkOU

662.  Origami Paper  Spinner  (Modular).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJaYvjEFlgI

663.  Origami Paper  Star Flower Box Pot  Container.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYCV1hYmxW8

664.  Origami Paper  Star Flower Pot (Home Decor)..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tdC4VOJ9K8

665.  Origami Paper  Star Knife  - Super Ninja Blade Shuriken..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDeDjU5nxxw

666.  Origami Paper  Vase - 2 - Simple one !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMPBT8Vj0Xo

667.  Origami Paper  ??Heart  Box ??  - Valentine special..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vau9d8HJXs

668.  Origami Paper 'Knife ?? ' - Waste cut sheets can be used !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnLbw8PpfX4

669.  Origami Paper 'Pyramid' (3D) - Fully concealed..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbYes71cOds

670.  Origami Paper -  Secret Pinwheel letterCard  - Very Easy to make !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qEaGd_3U9Y

671.  Origami Paper - 'Modak Sweet' (Ganapathi  Ganesh Chaturthi Festival Special).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsww7WQ3sUk

672.  Origami Paper - Chef Cap - Very easy to make.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9o2j_9GYAM

673.  Origami Paper - Dual Heart ? Box ??  - Valentine special..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDi4GA-_QJU

674.  Origami Paper - Heart with Crane - Valentine special..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyfGEDflB1c

675.  Origami Paper - Heart ?? Star ?? burst - Valentine special..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZhI71_GIYs

676.  Origami Paper - Heart ?? with Tie and Collar - Valentine & Father's day special..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQ9o3eASFSA

677.  Origami Paper - Mortar Board  Graduation Cap (Teacher's Day Special).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYQpMCkknXc

678.  Origami Paper - Mystery  Magic Trick Boat  - Simple &  easy to make. - My childhood model..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYP-c0uRXxE

679.  Origami Paper - Rocket  Missile (3D)!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_zdgrirggw

680.  Origami Paper - Rocket Envelope  Secret Letter - A4 sheet !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7p3KSBv1bU

681.  Origami Paper - Scud Rocket Missile .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7dR0boaQOc

682.  Origami Paper - Star Vase (3D) - Home Decor..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Nje7JP92g4

683.  Origami Paper - Strong Pentagon Box  Container - A4 sheet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9TWhWRmcLk

684.  Origami Paper - Tiny Puffy Lucky star(Diwali  Christmas  Eid - Decoration)- Simple & Easy..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYn5CUYS_3o

685.  Origami Paper - Twisted Triangle Cup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bU0_kEgPJDE

686.  Origami Paper - Windows 10 logo - Very easy, Anyone can make!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdouh51NIls

687.  Origami Paper Ball (3D) - Paper Folds!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4vC1CEHTss

688.  Origami Paper Boat Flower Basket with Handle !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1J9j-3DPMU

689.  Origami Paper Candy Box (Home Decor) - Paper Folds !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALvPRlvfckg

690.  Origami Paper CD Cover  Pouch  - A4 sheet!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uS0c0_RJa3k

691.  Origami Paper Cherry Blossom !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gy427jNjvMA

692.  Origami Paper Church  Castle  - Very easy to make !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHZztyGkWS4

693.  Origami Paper Cock  Hen  Rooster - Very easy to make !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DugLRfpl4AQ

694.  Origami Paper Container using A4 sheet - Simple and Easy!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6gVe_eRVe8

695.  Origami Paper Cricket  Baseball Hat - (A4 sheet).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mN0H8Z9aTiM

696.  Origami Paper Cube(2) - Modular!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIuHNalYOKE

697.  Origami Paper Diamond (3D) (Diwali Christmas Eid decoration) - Very easy to make..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eR-Ny9KAOic

698.  Origami Paper Dog  Puppy Box - 3D.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ISnjw4iIHQ

699.  Origami Paper DogPuppy Box ?? .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUE3JH64UC4

700.  Origami Paper Dress -  Wedding Gown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUldOgoKyfg

701.  Origami Paper Dress - Skirt   - Simple and Easy!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZPoLMk_XLg

702.  Origami Paper Dual Heart ?? Chairs - Valentine special..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P18X3PojLfA

703.  Origami Paper Flapping Butterfly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UF5KNvHHc8c

704.  Origami Paper Flower Basket with Handle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1wQyn-Ss8k

705.  Origami Paper Flower Bowl - Very easy to make !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIBSX1Ddvvc

706.  Origami Paper Flower VaseLantern - 8 points(DiwaliChristmasEid decoration).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhgfymK3ebk

707.  Origami Paper Fox Box  Hexahedron Gift Box(3D) - Simple and Easy!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6XQa0r2mzs

708.  Origami Paper Gift Bag  Cover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DOV8Eke6Ms

709.  Origami Paper Gyroscope (Modular Spinner )!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kl-NxK-y-KY

710.  Origami Paper Hexahedron  Deltahedron (3D) !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txjV2Edw29I

711.  Origami Paper House (3D) ?? - ??? !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qom4x_FM3V0

712.  Origami Paper Lollipop (3D) - Kids favorite - Paper Folds !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUYHNSxeOYo

713.  Origami Paper Plane - 1030.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ad_HqSnbhIA

714.  Origami Paper Pope Cap - A4 sheet !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8MTCVSBozA

715.  Origami Paper Postcard HolderPouch - Easy to make !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06R4cSLAdEI

716.  Origami Paper Pyramid Box  Container !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAxTmm3i-Aw

717.  Origami Paper Rectangular Box (3D) - Paper Folds !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eue5ax-mvlo

718.  Origami Paper Rectangular Box ?? with Hearts ??  - Valentine special!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOPZqSxknPw

719.  Origami Paper Rooster  Hen - 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6gQ0frvc4A

720.  Origami Paper Seamless Cube.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtJWsub6HXw

721.  Origami Paper Single point Floating Boat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61FYdrlwE_E

722.  Origami Paper Snake Hood (Cobra) !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iOmCHzEW2E

723.  Origami Paper Space Shuttle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2EIKNREDAs

724.  Origami Paper Square Gift Box using a Rectangle sheet(A4 size).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAUGHXixqbk

725.  Origami Paper Super Jet Flying Boat - Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqqaTFDaTG8

726.  Origami Paper Tomb  Tent !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a54EFWxEoaE

727.  Origami Paper Traditional Indian ??Diya  DeepaLamp  for Diwali Deepawali  - Super easy to fold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soHl6SrXlEI

728.  Origami Paper Tutorial - Helicopter ?? -  ?????????? - ???????????!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-6c-0gxWCY

729.  Origami Paper Vase(3D) - Ideal for your home decor - Paper Folds !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9jsAQbPLDQ

730.  Origami Paper Wallet - For beginners !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqPdJyZzh00

731.  Origami Paper Winged Heart ??- Valentine special..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZeWIxFraWo

732.  Origami Photo CUBE - 1074.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjJ3J8owtGs

733.  Origami PULL TAB Envelope - 1037.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSIM4ma5dps

734.  Origami Sword - Very Easy - 1046.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QcSWfvOfUs

735.  Origami Tutorial  - Paper  Interlocking Rings (Single Square Sheet).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WljHVfcreKw

736.  Origami tutorial -  Paper Crane Letter  Envelope  with secret message - A4 sheet !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4kYQ-OZrdY

737.  Origami tutorial -  Paper Double Ninja Star Blade Shuriken  - Using waste cut sheets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eawuhXe3qV8

738.  Origami tutorial -  Paper Strong Triangle Box  Container - A4 sheet !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a-X9aWGvUw

739.  Origami tutorial - Paper  Chocolate Candy ?? Gift Box ?? ..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YG0vazz92E

740.  Origami tutorial - Paper 'Star' (Diwali Christmas Eid decoration).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=487QwcEyfIg

741.  Origami tutorial - Paper Angel Fish ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suRkmvzd4Zo

742.  Origami Tutorial - Paper Inflated Ninja Star Blade Shuriken .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ld_Nyy8W5Xg

743.  Origami Tutorial - Paper Ninja Star Blade Shuriken  - 4 pointed..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9HATlO41s0

744.  Origami tutorial - Paper Square Gift covered Box - Using one sheet!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X873UXBNrwI

745.  Origami tutorial - Paper Star Bowl - A4 sheet !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EiNvR_evh4

746.  Origami Tutorial Paper Kitchen Chopping Knife ??  - Easy and Simple !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u28lauVywBs

747.  Origami Tutorial to make   Royal Arm Chair - Handmade DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZPi7zgycuE

748.  Origami Tutorial to make  Envelope Letter ( No Glue or Tape) - Easy and Simple  DIY  Handmade..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Mi43GMghzU

749.  Origami Tutorial to make  Triangle Envelope Letter - Easy  DIY  Handmade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yttK8J3uT1E

750.  Origami Tutorial to make 3D Heart ? - DIY  Easy  Handmade  Valentine ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kN-sadywKRw

751.  Origami tutorial to make a beautiful Paper Flower.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2LeLN0-FF8

752.  Origami tutorial to make a Modular Box -  Handmade  DIY .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6IyllW78Hs

753.  Origami tutorial to make a paper  Lotus Flower Pin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRMeSY76s40

754.  Origami Tutorial to make a Paper Beating Heart ??  for Valentine's Day??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyp6P8-aow8

755.  Origami Tutorial to make a Paper Cake Piece gift box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agWY8I-R-VA

756.  Origami tutorial to make a Paper Candy Gift Box from single A4 sheet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cj6MpWDvAc0

757.  Origami tutorial to make a paper Canoe  Boat with Hood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z75AW-y_dSo

758.  Origami Tutorial to make a paper Canoe  Boat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh1xsoUHSCE

759.  Origami tutorial to make a Paper Concealed Square Gift Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTy1sAH4T-s

760.  Origami Tutorial to make a paper Concealed Tall Gift Box using A4 paper for Father's day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sauwl8pR7mI

761.  Origami tutorial to make a Paper Flying Plane - Flies awesome!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nfA_MCMt-c

762.  Origami tutorial to make a Paper Lazy Susan Box - Variation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHaTQxaLG8Q

763.  Origami Tutorial to make a Paper Octagonal Flower Envelope.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpyxUzpggRE

764.  Origami Tutorial to make a Paper Open Pyramid Box with lid - Variation 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m50Pp5e2MQ0

765.  Origami tutorial to make a paper Open Pyramid Box with Lid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JMq2Jzc6EU

766.  Origami tutorial to make a paper Star Lamp  Diya - Diwali  Eid  Christmas Special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cveDQf2kwM

767.  Origami Tutorial to make a paper Tall Gift Box with Lid ?????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJVjrmREJwQ

768.  Origami tutorial to make a Prism (Triangle) Candy Gift Box using single A4 Paper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbjfdrfLdXQ

769.  Origami Tutorial to make an easy paper  Bow tie ?? - Father's day Special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lj-kvkaVxUU

770.  Origami Tutorial to make an easy Paper  Bow Tie?? - Father's day Special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDngp7IVS2g

771.  Origami tutorial to make an easy Paper Horse ?? saddle bag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuOWattpN0c

772.  Origami Tutorial to make an easy Paper Modular Star ??  - Diwali and Christmas decorations ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9t1AUVZc1A

773.  Origami tutorial to make Box with Lid from 1 Square Paper  - Design by Anna Kastlunger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhcQcJ_-UWs

774.  Origami Tutorial to make Heart ?? with Collar & Tie for Father's day..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiDCXOIXSUs

775.  Origami Tutorial to make Maple ?? leaf  for Thanksgiving - DIY  Handmade ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAYDEKe7Ev0

776.  Origami Tutorial to make Modular Star for Diwali  Christmas  Eid decoration..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdFrFZoDVAE

777.  Origami Tutorial to make Paper 'Pencil' ?  for Teacher's Day - DIY  Handmade  very easy..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dodLm3ARiTo

778.  Origami tutorial to make Paper Blinking Eye ??  - Handmade DIY ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuE6k18zfh8

779.  Origami Tutorial to make Paper Octagonal Flower Envelope  Handmade  DIY..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nm8efcoplTs

780.  Origami Tutorial to make Paper Pentagon gift Box  Handmade  DIY .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jl2u8TZWr_8

781.  Origami Tutorial to make Paper Tall box with petals - Handmade DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRG9dR87FNg

782.  Origami Tutorial to make Paper Tulip Flower with Stem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLcuMzusMMk

783.  Origami Tutorial to make Paper Twisted Rose Flower  Handmade  DIY  Valentine's Day..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=951frS96ozI

784.  Origami Tutorial to make Pikachu ( Pokemon Go) - Easy  DIY  Handmade .?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxgpx2hGw5M

785.  Origami Tutorial to make Shirt & Tie(No Glue or Tape) for Father's day..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdgYV7xa-Y8

786.  Origami Tutorial to make Square Masu Box - Variation & Ideas  Handmade  DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vkt47i-z6t4

787.  Origami Tutorial to make Stylish Hat ??  - Easy  Handmade  DIY ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lS9jEN__OjM

788.  Origami Tutorial to make your own  Photo frame  4 by 6 inches - Easy  DIY  Handmade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brjZh8cBnt0

789.  Origami Wallet for Father's Day - 1045.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrO-KQyhA9g

790.  Palm Mobile  Smart Phone Stand - DIY  Craft  Tutorial  How to make - 783.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZPJinH9ORI

791.  Panda Bookmark  by Mizutama - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 692.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X83Xqmv1ETo

792.  Paper Bowl  Dish - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 943.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_upbInsq28

793.  Paper Cracker  Popper  Pataka (Loud and Simple)-Diwali Special(Method-2) - Origami.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCPpRmzQmw0

794.  Paper Flying Rocket Plane- Comet- Flies fast and accurate, a long distance too!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUvf3iwq6Ts

795.  Paper Gun  Pistol - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tump0I-Z0dU

796.  Paper Popcorn and Peanut Holder  Bag - Easy DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWXglCxaHa0

797.  Paper Spear' using A4 sheet - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvYq6X47cvs

798.  Paper Swing   - DIY Quilling Tutorial by Paper Folds - 730.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKmzGGn4eJ0

799.  Paper Trash bin  Pen ? Holder - DIY  Handmade - Tutorial by Paper Folds ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMpnJz9c-ts

800.  Paper Wallet using A4 sheet - (Very easy to make) - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAC3BI2j1Pw

801.  PARACHUTE  Hot Air Ballon - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRYr76CwpoI

802.  Parati Prata Star (Mandala)- Designed by Carla Onishi - Modular Origami Tutorial from Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pc_pZWiSY74

803.  Pattern Embossed Birthday Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 947.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUweSCtTyWY

804.  Peek A Boo Slider Card - DIY Tutorial - 890.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBvUHeKXtjU

805.  Pen  - Pencil Holder  Box for Children's Day - DIY  Fusion Origami  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 828.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8D0vihcxS8

806.  Pen  Pencil Holder - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoHBin7B52o

807.  Pencil Box with Lid  from A4 sheet - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zrsxImRdEg

808.  Pentagon Circular Rotating Card - 1020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDJnm3Ry1Dw

809.  Phone Charger Holder - DIY Useful Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJEhghOrKaM

810.  Photo Card Puzzle Cube - DIY ORIGAMI TUTORIAL - 915.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLFWMugjHkg

811.  Photo Frame - DIY Origami Tutorial - 910.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYwHoLBHKws

812.  Photo Popup card  Scrapbook - DIY Tutorial - 900.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPMfH95stTs

813.  Photo Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan - Design 8 - DIY  Handmade Tutorial  ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9Egy7I2W5k

814.  Pinwheel Cube - DIY  Modular Origami  Tutorial  Paper - 759.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kti-D8gUcHY

815.  Pinwheel Envelope  Invitation - DIY Origami tutorial - 916.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wM88QOECoM0

816.  Pinwheel Envelope  Origami  Easy - 1047.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sN9dB9OGzF8

817.  Pinwheel Envelope - DIY  Handmade - Tutorial by Paper Folds ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Znkztt0jdRY

818.  PINWHEEL Envelope Card - DIY  Handmade Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds #711.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWX59zOxYww

819.  PINWHEEL Envelope Card - Tutorial from Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qu4jV2IDgi8

820.  Pinwheel Envelope Letter - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eEhFdua08U

821.  Pixel Heart POPUP Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 968.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpD3gJJ_cTc

822.  Place Card - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - Simple and easy - No glue or Tape.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=He7TrMzhGsY

823.  Pocket Button Folding Knife ?? with action - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb5aOi9ZdLE

824.  Pocket Folding Knife ?? - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ?? (1071219).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewUgzhO-SLw

825.  Pocket Folding Knife ?? - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tzg45ORfleM

826.  Pocket Heart ?? Easy DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNEztoEQc4Q

827.  Pocket Message holding Card - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 978.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJDtQATsP9M

828.  Popup Card for Ganesh Chaturthi - DIY  Handmade  ???? ???????  Ganapathi  ?????  Tutorial - 771.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewOhsYVLtK0

829.  Prism Candy Box  Twisted Triangle Cup - DIY  Origami Tutorial - 779.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-d91kbPFrs

830.  PULL TAB ENVELOPE - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds #713 ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIK94_RAQBk

831.  Pull-Up Photo Accordion Card for Scrap Book - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 733.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L41TMc3JYKA

832.  PUMPKIN ?? for Halloween - DIY  Handmade - Tutorial by Paper Folds ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wy2JC-y29zg

833.  Pyramid  Triangle Gift Box - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 739.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZJT6Hc0zBo

834.  PYRAMID  TRIANGULAR LANTERN ?? for Diwali Christmas Eid New Year - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQ8lUM7zU1k

835.  Pyramid Gift Box - DIY  How to make  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 795.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVY1twWrsuk

836.  Quick Heart Decoration Streamer  - For Parties and Events - Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrPflC2IDRU

837.  Quick STAR Ornament for Christmas - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 960.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZTbPViGhgc

838.  Quick Unboxing - Silver Play Button from YouTube for crossing 100,000 Subscribers! - 695.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4olH-KS_tFQ

839.  Quilling Earring (Beehive method) - Design 13 - DIY Tutorial from Paper Folds - 825.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHpx9dQsnM8

840.  Quilling Earrings - Design 16 - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 830.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtWFcn8gQNo

841.  Quilling Earrings - Design 5 - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=my0xsshJ8Vw

842.  Quilling Flower  - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial - 787.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uh5jXti-wyY

843.  Quilling Flower Rakhi for Raksha Bandhan(Design 13) - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 738.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_lnzMOr7jk

844.  Quilling Flower using Comb - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 691.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThAjMUG24Mw

845.  Quilling Heart Earrings - Design 9 - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPb9syDh338

846.  QUILLING HEART for Valentine's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds #704.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwNJ69mRs9w

847.  Quilling Jhumka (Bell) Earrings (Square base) - Design 11 - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFHGlO20Hng

848.  Quilling Mini Basket for Easter - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6rMaWzbIAk

849.  Quilling Star Earrings - Design 14 - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 717.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lze7vSYpc8I

850.  Rainbow Flower Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan - (Design 5) - Tutorial  Handmade  DIY  ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4Alqxp5C64

851.  Rainbow Heart  Love waterfall card for Valentine's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds #605.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgU_h-vI9as

852.  Rainbow Heart Maze Popup Card - DIY Tutorial  Scrapbook - 849.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfAc6iXwHCQ

853.  Rainbow Lantern ?? for Diwali  Christmas  Eid -DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 935.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmdpTjqfKBQ

854.  Rainbow Maze Photo Card - DIY  Scrap Book  Greeting Card  Tutorial Father's day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScD96Ex9CH0

855.  Rainbow Maze Popup Card ( 7 Variations) - DIY  Scrapbook  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 822.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiO3c8YT6yk

856.  Rainbow Spinning Top   Cocktail Umbrella - DIY Tutorial - 863.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s1vuVBhq_A

857.  RAINBOW Stand Up POPUP Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WL7mfX34PHk

858.  Rainbow Z-Fold Card - DIY  Scrapbook  Tutorial  How to make  Paper Folds - 792.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bWPy_BON1U

859.  Rajnikant's KABALI Royal Arm Chair - Origami Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-_O1PoZSR0

860.  Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan (Design 6) - Quilling  Handmade  DIY  Tutorial ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cr4T8aYuso4

861.  Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan - (Design 11) - DIY Quilling Tutorial by Paper Folds  ???? - 735.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJ_mjV1GCmM

862.  Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan - Design 6 - DIY  Handmade - Tutorial by Paper Folds ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPtwMMH31SA

863.  Rakhi card  Greetings Card for Raksha Bandhan - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial  Scrapbook  ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrF6sGzPPDU

864.  Rectangular Flat Box - Origami  DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 837.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wrh9irfpnBs

865.  Rectangular Gift Box for all Occasions  Origami  - 1059.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZwTLQPqMNI

866.  Ribbon Bow Tie - DIY Origami & Craft Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3DKSP8mYdQ

867.  Robin Star by Maria Sinayskaya - Variation 1 - DIY origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 848.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jeltfUiZb4

868.  Robin Star by Maria Sinayskaya - Variation 2 - DIY origami Tutorial - 852.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8t4BPiyjy0

869.  Robin Star by Maria Sinayskaya - Variation 3 - DIY origami Tutorial - 857.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JK7ieglhHrg

870.  Rocket Shooting Arrow - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoa02LSDBBo

871.  Rose Flower Bouquet Rakhi for Raksha Bandhan (Design 22) - ????  DIY  Handmade  Tutorial - 764.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbtyYheo4z8

872.  Rose Flower Box for Valentine's Day - DIY Tutorial from Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCQo7GkyTwQ

873.  ROSE PIN Flower for Valentine's Day - Origami Tutorial from Paper Folds ??..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WH7ltc983-k

874.  Rose with Stem & Leaf for Valentine's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 972.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hk2AFSu0aoE

875.  ROSETTA by Cristina Bonnet - Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBk6K0OKAuc

876.  Rotating Helicopter ??  - Action fun Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4Eqllr-BOc

877.  Rotating Paper Fan Spinner  - DIY Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 679.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpV_4Ox722M

878.  Round Kumkum Box for Diwali - DIY  Quilling  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 808.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETB4fe3rPjA

879.  Sakura Flower - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 829.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bY3uazNL_DE

880.  Samurai  Ninja Sword - DIY News Paper Origami by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_umtM5QUck

881.  SANTA CLAUS ?? - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mNgLLRJxc8

882.  Say NO to POSTERS - An Important Social Message!! - 683.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNxMtWBfCt4

883.  ScrapBook Flower - Diwali Christmas decorations - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMCfBWueBU8

884.  Secret Heart Message Card - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 977.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6MrFRskTpo

885.  Secret Stepper Gift Box - DIY  How to make  Tutorial  Paper Folds - 793.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_JJD-NBDac

886.  Shirt and Neck Tie ?? (No glue required) -for Father's day - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsYK8TS9MOI

887.  Shirt for Father's day - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRbasdi08KQ

888.  Shirt with Tie Gift Box for Father's Day - 998.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZT0JNtRDRM

889.  Simple & Easiest CUBE on Earth - Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjC6gXWYgiQ

890.  Simple Lantern ?? Lamp for (Diwali  Christmas  Eid ) - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o266Q6Ye8qc

891.  Simple Paper Cube - Very easy, anyone can do - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTm5BU2pf1k

892.  Single Lever Photo Card - DIY  Handmade  Scrapbook  Tutorial - 788.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sexewa-rpyc

893.  Single Point Boat using A4 Paper  Origami - 1050.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKVlPOqfsuo

894.  Single Point Floating Boat with Voice Instructions - DIY  Origami  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 799.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgBVwBAavnA

895.  Slim Fidget Spinner without Bearing - Handmade  DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 711.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2jxS9Fv9LY

896.  SmartMobileCell Phone stand - IphoneSamsung all  brands & devices - DIY Origami by Paper Folds!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhNSIHLT1oI

897.  Smiley Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan (Design - 14) - DiY Quilling Tutorial by Paper Folds - 743.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvuMhKSfhOk

898.  Snowflakes - DIY  Christmas  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 847.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPF8qDr_F3o

899.  Snowflakes decoration for Christmas - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 958.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7WcfGKlSCE

900.  SNOWFLAKES for Christmas - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbsnpe4qiX0

901.  SNOWFLAKES for Christmas decoration - Tutorial from Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Kh-8AnwD3g

902.  Snowflakes for Christmas ?? - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-fPSbIpsyk

903.  Snowflakes Popup Card (Unique Design) for Christmas ?? - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 961.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6poq7Bweb18

904.  Snowflakes Popup card for Christmas - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 963.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OVbmfEUXSc

905.  Spike Flower Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 1003.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5-Ov2RQRDQ

906.  Spinning & Swinging (Unique Design) Popup card - DIY Tutorial - 926.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0hYQNdBZNc

907.  Spinning Helicopter ?? - Tutorial from Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IYFqAGogB4

908.  Spinning Top  Beyblade -    ?????? - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zhxo_0peF8M

909.  Spinning Top - Easy - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lHuX1ckzqg

910.  Spiral  Spring - DIY Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVneSCX6YaA

911.  Spiral Heart Burst (Master Unique design) Popup card - DIY Tutorial - 924.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfE5bzhX1HY

912.  Split Maze Card   Scrapbook - DIY Tutorial - 858.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJwtAc4ExYQ

913.  Split Tri Fold Enclosure card - DIY  Scrapbook  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 820.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vdc7YCfg6k

914.  Spooky Spider Web Popup card for Halloween - DIY  Scrapbook  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 806.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLH6Vhq-2wQ

915.  Square  Masu  Gift box with Lid - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYVluundxeg

916.  Square Circular Popup greeting card  - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MY5NofG5BI0

917.  Square Gift Box - DIY Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BviKPtiBHR4

918.  Square Gift Box with Lid (3 Variations) by Tomoko Fuse - DIY Modular Origami Tutorial - 817.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-2yJZCLEVs

919.  Square Masu Box with Hinged Lid - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4h1Hg-3MbiE

920.  Star Bowl  Dish (Designed by Chrissy - Paper Kawai) - 1044.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypbcO-QqQlQ

921.  Star Bowl from A4 Paper - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ab_Y1pAu-WU

922.  STAR Burst (Master Unique Design) Popup Card - DIY Tutorial - 920.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5Uw-Ef_wmY

923.  STAR BURST from Paper Bags  Covers - Tutorial from Paper folds  Super Easy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXpwLyDDYkY

924.  Star Burst Rakhi for Raksha Bandhan (Design 28) - ???? DIY  Handmade  Tutorial  Origami - 770.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn9s_Hv_-lg

925.  Star Candy box - DIY Tutorials by Paper Folds - 703.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIM18qhlCM0

926.  Star Card - Scrapbook - DIY ?? How to make ?? Tutorial by Paper Folds  - 811.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khRm-lDOmAs

927.  Star Colour Burst Card For HOLI - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuRPagEilO8

928.  Star Decoration -  Different sizes and shapes - DIY Tutorial - 859.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wasBuKyBpMA

929.  Star Diya ( Lamp ) for Diwali Decoration - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 815.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1Xcd9CAzbE

930.  STAR Envelope card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXqeUUnk3uI

931.  Star Flexible  Collapsable Box - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 709.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQyWwkGgQ9E

932.  Star Flower Box  Pot - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sl4XHoOJw_Q

933.  Star Flower Rakhi for Raksha Bandhan (Design 20) - ????  DIY  Origami  Handmade  Tutorial - 758.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryv8RPZvpL8

934.  Star Flower Rakhi for Raksha Bandhan (Design 23) - ????  DIY  Handmade  Tutorial  Origami - 765.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9rbKsWp0Pw

935.  Star Lamp Box  Bowl for Diwali (Diya) - Origami  DIY  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 809.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUkll1QB4Vo

936.  STAR Lantern ?? for Diwali  Christmas  Eid - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 936.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLZiXqPxVbo

937.  STAR Quilling Earring - Design 8 - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQ2Edq8JUsc

938.  Star Rakhi for Raksha Bandhan (Design - 24) - ????  DIY  Handmade  Tutorial  Origami - 766.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAM-HfojX-A

939.  Step Pattern Popup Card - 1041.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9TA5cZ44oQ

940.  Storage  Gift Box with A4 sheet - DIY  Handmade  Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SnmjcEAKkEc

941.  Storage  Jewellery  Box  - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8GSzEx-690

942.  Strong Dual Tone Box from A4 paper - Useful Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg081nhLKPg

943.  Strong Pen  Pencil Holder Box - 1061.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rnqTQFQQBw

944.  Strong Pen Stand Box from A4 sheet - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzbEm9iJJHo

945.  Sun Glasses  Cooling Glasses from A4 sheet - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXmaeMyybN0

946.  Sun Star Backdrop Decoration for Ganesha Chathurti - DIY  Tutorial  Ganapathi  How to make - 784.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jP5Hs48MZiE

947.  Super Easy Halloween Ghost ?? - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 818.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEYwiORNGXo

948.  SUPER MAZE EXPLOSION BOX CARD - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0L_QTtvKXk

949.  Super Maze Photo Card  Greeting Card  Scrap Book - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRh2zOtG1Ms

950.  Super Spinning Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - Spin it 3 ways - Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKYxPnws4Pg

951.  Surprise Spinning Popup Card(Unique Design) for Valentine's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 976.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj8wa0ZcUoc

952.  Surprise Squash Maze Popup card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 981.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCkRyY3aIKo

953.  Surprise Tower Stepper Gift Box - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKdtRyycI9M

954.  Surprise ?? Spring Box for Valentine's Day ?? - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rskJULi-09g

955.  Swan - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UcOu7ZYKRc

956.  Swan Container Box - (Author - Laura Kruskal) - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 701.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7czvO7H97VE

957.  Swimsuit ?? - DIY Costume Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUgkGxWkk4Q

958.  Swing  Flip Greeting Card - 1069.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81T9RpdGFiE

959.  Swinging Box Photo Message Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 993.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2j_uoCBFds

960.  Swinging Photo Card  Flip Card  Greeting Card - DIY  Handmade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXw2fcozTcc

961.  Table - Easy DIY Origami  Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ke69jU3ZE8

962.  Tabletop Lantern for Diwali  Christmas  Eid  New Year - 1012.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FzSVOztNp0

963.  Tabletop Spinner (Spins around 25 seconds) - DIY Toy Quilling Tutorial by Paper Folds - 725.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyIFSNxwqQ8

964.  Talking  Biting Puppet Fish - DIY  Origami  Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCsMvSEoadI

965.  Tall Circular Card - DIY  Scrap Book  Tutorial by Paper Folds - 836.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3Qr6MEaGuM

966.  Tall Gift Box with Lid - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 949.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHt0Rxf4Np8

967.  Tetrahedron  Pyramid Gift Box - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VA5phGwbIA0

968.  Tico Star - 16 Pointed (Design by Maria Sinayskaya) - DIY  Modular Origami  Tutorial - 776.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y37Xs80O4yU

969.  Tico Star - 8 Pointed (Design by Maria Sinayskaya) - DIY Modular Tutorial by Paper Folds - 698.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-VigLNdaVM

970.  TILED MOSAIC PATTERN Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 675.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPosWJQ90n4

971.  Tiled Ninja Star blade Shuriken - DIY Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCEBYuNrNXc

972.  Tiny Ninja Star Blade Shuriken  - DIY  Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fbum5J41EOI

973.  Tomato Gift Box - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 731.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ApfBjfbR3I

974.  Top 20 DIY Cards for your Loved ones - Greetings Card  Scrapbook - 892.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c14Oq5_Pbxc

975.  Tower Popup Card - DIY Tutorial - 917.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqSLesml13w

976.  Traditional Jumping Frog (Variation 1) - Action Fun Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix4mi-pyKho

977.  Traditional Jumping Frog ?? - (Variation 2) - Action Fun Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ld-Eqaw3tOg

978.  Traditional Star Box - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neAS5xkrn4s

979.  Transforming Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - 8 pointed - Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds  DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiHI7VA9FNY

980.  Transforming Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - Modular Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds  DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UCAab01z_0

981.  Transforming Ninja Star Blade Shuriken - Origami  DIY  How to make  Tutorial  Paper Folds - 794.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0Q3rxjD7P0

982.  Trash Bin  Dust Bin - DIY  Tabletop  Handmade  Tutorial - 782.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUOdWyGQKzA

983.  Trash bin  Dustbin from Newspaper (Go Green) - Tutorial by Paper Folds ??..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoGcx8NypCk

984.  TRI COLOUR  INDIA FLAG PoPuP CARD (2) for Independence day and Republic day - Easy #697.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVCjlfhDBnE

985.  TRI COLOUR  INDIA FLAG PoPuP CARD for Independence day and Republic day # 698.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMkWGr17nWQ

986.  Tri Colour Fireworks - Independence  Republic Day Special - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 1004.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYmjEDwF-Co

987.  Tri colour Flag Post for Indian ???? Independence  Republic Day - 755.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4qbU61SoVY

988.  Tri Colour Flower for Independence day and Republic day - DIY Tutorial from Paper Folds - 994.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1mCZS8r7p4

989.  Tri Colour Flower for Independence Republic day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 1001.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEF7uM8CcFQ

990.  Tri Colour Popup Card for Independence Day- DIY Tutorial by Paper Foldss- 1007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mQ2hI7sTO8

991.  Tri Colour ???? Flag hoisting Card (Unique Design) for Republic & Independence Day - 974.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AX5f3EjSa5w

992.  Tri Shutter Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 689.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2JSIzt2nRU

993.  Triangle Circular Popup Card - Greetings  Scrap Book - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSCiDBb7cY8

994.  Triangle Gift Box - Easy - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 785.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BStMzYT3R0U

995.  Triangle Gift box ?? - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGi-nvJ760c

996.  TRIANGLE MAZE CARD  Scrap Book- Tutorial from Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ec7RbdTuFzE

997.  Triangle Maze Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 931.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ov_uYTMkf8

998.  Triangular Star Circular Card  Scrapbook - 1023.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKFSsZ4omSI

999.  Tricolor Rakhi Bracelet for Raksha Bandhan  Independence day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 1006.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJuu70o_AJw

1000.  Turtle  Tortoise - DIY  Animal Origami  How to make.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMlFQ7w4iLI

1001.  Tutorial on how to make a beautiful Paper Hanging Quilling Earrings - Design 1 ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFezYI8f2hM

1002.  Tutorial on how to make a Paper Tipping Bird - Action Origami for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Qd6oocK21M

1003.  Tutorial to make 3 sided 'Lantern ?? for Diwali Christmas Eid New Year.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2blXsgKbvOI

1004.  Tutorial to make a beautiful Paper Quilling Earring (Design 4) - Indian Style Jhumka.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-CsQOpKOOg

1005.  Tutorial to make a beautiful Paper Quilling Earrings (Design 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNEOf5mFZ9w

1006.  Tutorial to make a Mini Note Pad  Scrap Book from Waste Papers (Recycle) ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXDsdYLezRQ

1007.  Tutorial to make a Paper  3D Star ??  - Diwali and Christmas decorations ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fM2s5EFbi6A

1008.  Tutorial to make a paper  Cake ?? Slice Box - 10,000 Subscribers (friends) special????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwBOYmHqC6A

1009.  Tutorial to make a paper Interlocking Modular Envelope ?  Gift wrap..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKTDFitv8_A

1010.  Tutorial to make a simple and easy Square Scrap Book  Photo card.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4RxPAYxk3E

1011.  Tutorial to make a Spider ??  for Halloween ??..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jhFNTIoXSc

1012.  Tutorial to make a Triangle Interlocking Envelope  Greeting Card.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpjbBTgV31c

1013.  Tutorial to make an easy Circular Maze Photo Card  Scrap Book  Greetings Card ??????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiYjCwUVfwk

1014.  Tutorial to make CHRISTMAS Tree - Super easy..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmNZJYcUw2c

1015.  Tutorial to make Finger claws for Halloween ??- DIY Handmade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIw4-hr1Tfg

1016.  Tutorial to make Flower for Scrap Book - Diwali and Christmas decorations ?? ?? (1469128).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPm5fZxG-Vk

1017.  Tutorial to make Flower for Scrap Book - Diwali and Christmas decorations ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8Lus5_g71U

1018.  Tutorial to make Hanging Photo Card Greeting Card for Friendship Day  Handmade  DIY ?? ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lf-Bi5gL160

1019.  Tutorial to make Pokeball Waterfall Card Pokemon Go - DIY  Handmade ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2qn3GjqgYg

1020.  Tutorial to make Scrap Book Flower - Diwali and Christmas decorations..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=silQ_qn7_mc

1021.  Tutorial to make Teacher's Day Card  Greeting Card - Easy & Simple  DIY  Handmade ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRGR-Wq669A

1022.  Tutorial to make your own Lantern for Diwali  Christmas  Eid  New Year.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWApWldEmK4

1023.  Tutorial to make your own Pentagon Interlocking Envelope  Greeting Card  DIY  Handmade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mBMvZFXLfo

1024.  Twist & POPUP Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2O0W0xgHCQ

1025.  Twist & Turn Card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 980.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKA1Q6EPbHc

1026.  Twist & Turn Valentine Card - 1071.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv1lbxJixwE

1027.  Twist and Double Popup Heart card - DIY Tutorial - 887.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s5GZmTkuAA

1028.  Twist Turn Card - Tutorial from Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BphCfGczn0Y

1029.  Twisted Square Box - DIY   Origami  Tutorial by Paper Folds ?? - 801.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=674juo8XiDk

1030.  TWISTED TABLE TOP LANTERN ?? for Diwali  Christmas  Eid  New Year - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THKrGlUg8_8

1031.  Unboxing  of Automatic Paper  Quilling tool - Very easy to use ..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XmbDXByeG0

1032.  Unboxing - Greatest Gift - Scrapbooking Gratitude Journal Kit - 856.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67GoZR14L8Q

1033.  UNDER WATER RANGOLI for Diwali - DIY  Handmade Tutorial by Paper Folds ?? ?? ???.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ql9OKrDJDK8

1034.  Unique Flower Frame Candy Box - DIY Tutorial - 914.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64TTn_LYNk8

1035.  Unique Origami Flying Paper Plane - 1033.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaMlscIhv3w

1036.  Unique Tabletop Fidget Spinner  - DIY Toy Tutorial by Paper Folds - 729.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAbbMbXsyw8

1037.  Unusual Gift Bag - DIY Tutorial - 881.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzyixdpgBHE

1038.  Useful Modular Origami - Paper  Flower Box  Vase  Bowl .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Vd9bDvt2SQ

1039.  Useful Modular Origami tutorial- Star Flower Photo  Picture Frame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vn9WZIMH3pw

1040.  Useful Origami - Paper  Pencil ?  Pen ? Box ?? (Happy Children's ??Day).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vV2YipaEr_Q

1041.  Useful Origami - Paper Book wrap with Pocket & Bookmark - (No Glue, No Tape No Staple).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tAHx3AGkU0

1042.  Useful Origami - Paper Credit Card  Business Card Holder - 2 (Easy to make).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1z_KX4gUBE

1043.  Useful Origami - Paper Pocket Folding Fan - Very handy in summer !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezZHg0qfJLw

1044.  Useful Origami - Paper Wallet with Credit  Business card Holder - Simple & Easy to make! (1796458).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oz_M5J-huJU

1045.  Useful Origami - Paper Wallet with Credit  Business card Holder - Simple & Easy to make!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0cIWZRLvSE

1046.  Useful Origami Paper - PhotoPicture  Frame  Stand  Album.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydBUlHr0_Hk

1047.  Useful Origami Paper Pyramid(Tetrahedron) Gift Box..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0osIL1GJKfk

1048.  Useful Origami-Paper PhotoPicture frame with Stand cum Heart Clover(2 in 1)-Valentine special??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8wYFO73muM

1049.  Useful OrigamiCraft -  Paper Mat  Carpet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSETvpDYywA

1050.  Valentine Rose - Tutorial by Paper Folds..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XgmxyfzW6Y

1051.  VASE - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 693.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5-UHFXiLOU

1052.  Vase Sleeve - DIY  How to make  Tutorial  Origami - 778.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0q8sOxp30sE

1053.  Vertical Garden Popup card for New Year - Tutorial from Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KqU4Kenxxk

1054.  VIDCON 2018 - Youtube Meet - Melbourne, Australia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71a4auNYpfw

1055.  Wagon Photo Card  Scrap Book - DIY tutorial by Paper Folds - 740.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uk2U0NYHmvY

1056.  Wall Decor Flowers - Easy - DIY  Handmade Tutorial by Paper Folds - 839.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URNpglzcX-M

1057.  Wall Hanging Flower Decoration - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 956.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-e8e8kTwl0

1058.  Waterfall Greetings card - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLU_Mpa4vsw

1059.  We will Publish your Craft & Origami Talent  Skills on our Channel - DIY # 689.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TuhhzWrhlE

1060.  Weapon Origami - Paper 'Sword'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFdId5qrmgI

1061.  Welcome to my Channel ( Paper Folds - Origami  Crafts).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIkNaz4Zif8

1062.  WINDOW SLIDER CARD - (Birthday theme) - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0zYLOcSmqw

1063.  Worldwide Give Away  -  Goodies from Australia - 843.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ML1hhweXGYk

1064.  Worldwide Give Away - 6  Announcing Winner of Give Away - 5 - 861.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmkhlgw9yKA

1065.  Worldwide Give Away - 7  Announcing Winner of Give Away -6 (875).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01Ujhh5H-Zo

1066.  Worldwide Give Away - 8  Announcing Winner of Give Away -7 - 886.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KABUX86Y8bY

1067.  WOW - Appreciation Popup card - DIY Tutorial - 918.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUPzrQHtZ_Y

1068.  WOW MOM Card for Mother's Day - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 705.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjUterOXL4A

1069.  WREATH  Modular Ring - DIY Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds - 698.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATPrhkjOwAU

1070.  Wreath for Christmas - DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds - 964.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNe18-M-bis

1071.  WREATH for Christmas Decoration - Tutorial from Paper Folds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZglh6AItks

1072.  Youtube Play Button  Logo  Icon - Easy Origami Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVMJy8ZHRnw

1073.  Z - Fold Photo card  Greetings card DIY Tutorial by Paper Folds ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWgrJUkuOJ0

1074.  ?? Live Demo (1) - Origami Line Cube.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbmcoiR9xgw

1075.  ??Live Demo (2) - Pyramid  Tetrahedron Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZAXS2um-i0
Paper Folds - Origami & Crafts ! - Videos