
85653.  Breaking the language barrier  Tim Doner  TEDxTeen 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNmf-G81Irs

85655.  Draw your future  Patti Dobrowolski  TEDxRainier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zESeeaFDVSw

85658.  Extreme Ownership  Jocko Willink  TEDxUniversityofNevada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljqra3BcqWM

85662.  Grit the power of passion and perseverance  Angela Lee Duckworth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H14bBuluwB8

85667.  How I hacked online dating  Amy Webb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6wG_sAdP0U

85673.  How to believe in yourself Jim Cathcart at TEDxDelrayBeach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ki9-oaPwHs

85680.  How to know your life purpose in 5 minutes  Adam Leipzig  TEDxMalibu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVsXO9brK7M

85688.  Innovating to zero!  Bill Gates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaF-fq2Zn7I

85697.  Inside the mind of a master procrastinator  Tim Urban.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arj7oStGLkU

85707.  Living without shame How we can empower ourselves  Whitney Thore  TEDxGreensboro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaXBYcfVYZM

85718.  My philosophy for a happy life  Sam Berns  TEDxMidAtlantic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36m1o-tM05g

85730.  My story  Elizabeth Smart  TEDxUniversityofNevada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0C2LPXaEW4

85743.  My stroke of insight  Jill Bolte Taylor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyyjU8fzEYU

85757.  Never, ever give up  Diana Nyad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx8uYIfUvh4

85772.  The danger of silence  Clint Smith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiKtZgImdlY

85788.  The puzzle of motivation  Dan Pink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrkrvAUbU9Y

85805.  The Secret of Becoming Mentally Strong  Amy Morin  TEDxOcala.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFbv757kup4

85823.  The skill of self confidence  Dr. Ivan Joseph  TEDxRyersonU.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-HYZv6HzAs

85842.  Why I live a zero waste life  Lauren Singer  TEDxTeen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pF72px2R3Hg

85862.  Your body language may shape who you are  Amy Cuddy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks-_Mh1QhMc

85883.  Your elusive creative genius  Elizabeth Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86x-u-tz0MA
TED talks - American accents