
1.  21 Internet Classic Viral Videos Compilation  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpaBTcNiI3A&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

2.  32 Fails Guaranteed To Make You Laugh  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnXeybyTycg&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

3.  37 Moments In Sports They Try to Forget Instant Regret  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ci9DRUTDcis&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

4.  Bad Hair Day Fails of the week (April 2019)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm85s7X77Vw&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

5.  Best Water Fails  Funny Video Compilation  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UT7j_1xXYoY&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

6.  Bottle Cap Challenge - Funny Videos Fails of the Week  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy5RSW-2Mvk&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

7.  Breaking Fails I Hope We Kept the Receipt  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygNy8LwRx50&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

8.  Carnival of Excess (March 2019)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMjMRZULtMo&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

9.  Expensive Technology Fails This is Why I'm Broke  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYUQm9O33pM&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

10.  Eye Popping Fails 2020 Fails of the Week l FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIKGwDF0nck&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

11.  FailArmy Fan Submissions Funny Fails Of The Week  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71Orfnj6AgY&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

12.  Fails Guaranteed To Make You Laugh 2020 Funny Fails Compilation  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIS00fluB5o&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

13.  Fails of The Week Fan Submissions   FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOVe8GRrHnQ&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

14.  Farmer Fails 2020 Farmers Only  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4zjkkncDQo&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

15.  Fish Slaps Woman During A Storm  You wouldn't Believe it FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqY8efoKG5w&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

16.  Funny Farm Tractor Fails Compilation  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dG3Vp8yTIPI&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

17.  Funny Mattress Fails And Wins Compilation  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctqVcopSA_c&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

18.  Hilarious Fails Funny Compilation Fails of the Week  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TC_tR_kuRr8&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

19.  Man Regrets Having Lip Fillers  Epic Fail Compilation  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdSu-ygHF9M&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

20.  NOT THE SMARTEST DOGS - Derpy Dogs - LAUGH Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOVbv6wX-Kk&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

21.  Off Balance Fails of the Week (June 2019)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHi4K5RzIbE&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

22.  OUCH! That Does NOT Belong There!  Fails Of The Week  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kN-6KiWl260&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

23.  Public Freakout Compilation 2020  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPoeLo5TuyI&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

24.  Rock Fails Lets Get Stoned Funny Fails  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWVvMKZL8kk&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

25.  Scooter Stupidity Funny Fails of the Week  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KXA2PlDcKw&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

26.  Scorpion Fails So Painful You'll Feel Them!  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3evlwtfTJk&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

27.  She Tried To Break The Ice With Her FACE! ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMgFQBu0y7I&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

28.  Stick the Landing Gymnastics Fails (April 2019)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=US-Hq2SCaXg&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

29.  That Turtle Bites BACK! Fails of the Week  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5Qnhc0asXc&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

30.  The Best Work Fails Bad Day at Work 2020  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaJg8gdpM_0&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

31.  The Dumbest American Fails from all 50 States  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0P6e2YOQkJw&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

32.  TRY NOT TO LAUGH - EPIC FAILS  Funny Videos FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MBshxwBfis&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

33.  TRY NOT TO LAUGH - Epic SUMMER FAILS Compilation  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIhWCIPsC6s&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

34.  Try Not To Laugh - Funny Scare Pranks  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXM4PJsp5eE&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

35.  Try Not To Laugh Watching Funny Animal Fails Compilation 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YsbsLw8Qgn4&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

36.  TRY NOT TO LAUGH ?? Best Funny Videos Compilation  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lY3S8zQby8k&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc

37.  Upside Down Car Surprise! Fails of the Week  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXL2oEpXrNM&list=PLui_jMcHyS9ZeLE6n6b8FR0561TeYbozc
FailArmy Season 6