
1.  Asparagus in foaming butter  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMH21I782IM

2.  Bread and Butter Cookies  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMrfwPmOvaU

3.  Bread Flapjacks  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86CeN5AFMG0

4.  Brussels sprouts with bacon  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y73w8pXtmZY

5.  Butter rose decoration  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rc2_maWt8n4

6.  Candied orange peel with chocolate  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EycQnV57Vk

7.  Chicken in Cream Sauce  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ot6X0UzeUDg

8.  Chicken Leg with Yams  Jacques Pépin Cooking at Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sn9SqUkSFg4

9.  Chicken with Lentils  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHuAplK2OAc

10.  Chili Con Carne  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJSUy0TBuoY

11.  Chocolate Crispy Flakes  Cooking At Home With Jacques Pépin  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01LIXCPz-KU

12.  Chocolate treats with nuts & berries  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzlA3IWrTQE

13.  Corn Fritters  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5CJTfzWEWo

14.  Curly Hot Dogs  Cooking At Home With Jacques Pépin  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEL-m2zQIPQ

15.  Easy homemade bread  Jacques Pépin Cooking at Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFsUMBn5ozw

16.  Easy Pizza  Cooking At Home With Jacques Pépin  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-CT3xQ7FsY

17.  Eggs Poblano  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home   KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHAQ6a6RgIc

18.  English muffin burgers   Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KFM-nG933c

19.  Fromage Fort Homemade Cheese Spread  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zq5wv8kG58

20.  Gloria's Sandwich  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uZbWXL2wa4

21.  Grandma's Favorite Steak  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pEO78nIOwQ

22.  Homemade banana ice cream  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pwfy6LFLdw

23.  Homemade hummus with feta   Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBB7ahhe-hI

24.  Honey Roasted Sweet Potatoes  Jacques Pépin Cooking at Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEHFdtoqjDw

25.  How to flute mushrooms  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIus0zLWaEQ

26.  How to Make Butter   Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOx3-VEf5Ec

27.  How to Make Grapefruit Dessert  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S65Rwj7aQMc

28.  How to make Sausage en Papillote  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pxou7Kjh7Dc

29.  How to Open Clams & Oysters  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVWiJfUaFEA

30.  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home - Every Wednesday!  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjYXQ0w-fyM

31.  Jacques Pépin Wants You to Enjoy a Safe Thanksgiving  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JorNnH7ePuk

32.  Jacques Pépin's Cocktail Recipes  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJ-Sqb-qYpc

33.  Jacques Pépin's Home Garden  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUCYTXnCLPE

34.  Lamb Stew  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home   KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiRyvR2-Lpc

35.  Macaroni and Cheese with Breadcrumbs   Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3vtkmD6yDs

36.  Mashed Potato Casserole - Mont Pommes D'or  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZpFVNrWa74

37.  Pear Puff Pastry  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKbCc2VCFHA

38.  Pork roast with ratatouille   Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=miZFb7hUU7c

39.  Pork Tenderloin Steak with Mushrooms and Corn  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69s9OorpqR0

40.  Potato Lace Pancake  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ti9gtj1ybrU

41.  Roast Turkey, Gravy, and Stuffing  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPWEMZwxKjo

42.  Salmon appetizer  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyuQ6sM1w3w

43.  Sausage Cassoulet  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uuli3So6Oo4

44.  Soda Bread  Cooking At Home With Jacques Pépin  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMwURLQOV18

45.  Spaghetti with anchovies  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s78ExRgrto4

46.  String beans and shallots  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJhznOT-Tn0

47.  Turkey Neck Pot-au-Feu  Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRQwzwZK1X4
Jacques Pépin Cooking At Home  KQED