
Buffy Sainte-Marie - Now That the Buffalo's Gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnZVIluWuq4&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Chambers Brothers - People Get Ready LIVE version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L82_N3UPPDs&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Crosby, Stills & Nash (Live) -  Suite Judy Blue Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptEF4Oi4Uk0&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Dave Van Ronk- Both Sides Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMhBdIu8gaI&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

gordon lightfoot canadian railroad trilogy live in concert bbc 1972
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjoU1Qkeizs&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

gordon lightfoot early morning rain bbc live 1969
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFJ5Bj_put0&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Guantanamera - The Sandpipers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jm1anurhbeg&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Harry Belafonte - Banana Boat Song (Day-O)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Tou8-Cz8is&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Ian & Sylvia Tyson - You Were On MY Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elAUEYkHL7I&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Janis Ian - Society's Child
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yW_rYLoIR08&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Joan Baez -  There But For Fortune
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwXO0sbN4pc&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Joan Baez - Diamonds and Rust (original)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MSwBM_CbyY&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Joni Mitchell - Both Sides Now (Live, 1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcrEqIpi6sg&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Like a Rolling Stone - Bob Dylan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4F0ytNzHDj8&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

NEW CHRISTY MINSTRELS w Barry McGuire 1963 GREEN GREEN from HOOTENANNY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBN_8vssJe4&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Odetta - This Little Light Of Mine (best version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMaWsfLYQko&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

The Kingston Trio - MTA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbtkL5_f6-4&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

The Kingston Trio - Tom Dooley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdOAWvF6M4s&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

tom paxton - i can't help but wonder where i'm bound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2ANwbmLHgM&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Tom Paxton - Lyndon Johnson Told the Nation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXcG3tXYNF8&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF

Tom Paxton - The Last Thing On My Mind (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08lVuhv_Va8&list=PLtdLLYN2H15QT0J3uT6M_mrZjpCHudzZF
Top Folk Songs of the 1960s