
A Dessert That Can Be Eaten For Breakfast  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRg5XCpXY8I

A Sweet Rice Tahchin  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7_9N8kjVyI

An Entire Meal Cooked in One Pan  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu8j8rsCN6U

Ash-e Reshteh, an Iconic Persian Dish  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GW2cJ1cpIVE

Beef Stroganoff  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QlzF7bbMqE

Beef Wellington  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKOVvY91fCQ

Breakfast Pasta with Farideh  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6jASC8Mb38

Breakfast Quesadillas  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LDmm0_RLYE

Buffalo Chicken Dip  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tv-uthUy9fw

Carbonara Breakfast Pizza  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11doxeoVU6k

Cheese-filled Mortadella Salami Morning Buns  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiL4v1jdczg

Cheesy Broccoli-Stuffed Chicken  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qv-JwtCdrk0

Cheesy Sausage and Pepper Stromboli  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FT4DBV2a3Jg

Cheesy Stuffed Peppers  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQ-zAu35kGk

Chicken & Dumplings A Classic Comfort Food  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNZjNGdLtyo

Chicken & Waffles  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wa5lFxqkoi4

Chicken Marsala  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a199fuC3I8w

Chicken Parm Competition - Munchies Virtual Cook Off  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePkl1ekxz2Y

Chicken Tetrazzini  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrFz5c_9Htw

Chicky Chicky Parm Parm  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D17qucV-ujc

Coconut Nutella French Toast  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJEQr1jCy9w

Crab Eggs Benedict  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fFmw6Pxn7E

Cream Of Mushroom Soup & Chicken Casserole  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja0kDfXN7Dc

Deep Dish Pizza  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aQCg8ivJ14

DIY Crunchwrap  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLG3HZ5sYQQ

Dolmeh Barg Mo - Iranian Stuffed Grape Leaves  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFQ9wi5PMQ0

Easy Baked Bacon & Eggs  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y71odeGyv8o

Farideh Makes Baklava An Iconic Middle Eastern Dessert  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABVPJU8KebM

Farideh’s Fire-Licked Beef Kababs  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvCdLLK6Lvc

Farideh’s Green Eggs and Ham  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Za8_Zlotzx8

Farideh’s Marinara-less Meatball Sub  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cow2s-4LBAY

Farideh’s Ragu Is The Ultimate Comfort Food  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HS3axMIIto4

Fish & Chips  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnzriNEhepY

French Dip Sandwiches With Homemade Mustard  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0JmlcOU4-E

Fried Cheesy Rice Balls with Farideh  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7ZT4PYWxOs

Fried Clams & Coleslaw is Farideh's Perfect Summer Food  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWf9_qsUTc8

Frito Pie  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztm0Fo5s6Fo

Giant Cookie Bowl Sundae  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rn2O-LamVXc

Homemade Boston Cream Donuts  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1iBZic7FOc

Homemade Detroit-Style Pizza  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNi0WO8ZQSs

How To Cook Duck With Crispy Skin  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gmURN5FZlk

How To Make a Juicy Lucy  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6QFFBD1nUw

How to Make The Mexican Pizza at Home Now That it's Gone  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LkaVWqGmo0

Jalapeño Popper Monkey Bread  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKR2eWeqh7s

Make Farideh’s Fried Ice Cream and Funnel Cake  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FufqmBexNQg

Make Gnocchi With Sausage & Kale  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvnPUm0KoYA

Maryland + Cream Of Crab Soup  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmxgKiOYprA

Mashed Potato Pork Pie  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASJk2Km8jcQ

Meat Pies  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyF54adTr68

Peanut Butter & Jelly Cookies  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAfmWt-fkj8

Pizza Piena - Italian Easter Pie  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfOef98nVuQ

Salmon Burgers  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raZN8OkdwW0

Seafood Chowder  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Yg_klKfz90

Spaghetti Pie  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxg4-GEHU20

Spiced Apple Pancakes  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7m1lt11GHE

Strawberry Shortcake Cobbler  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwdcEoQFgqA

Stuffed Shells with Farideh  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rf5c-CEueZo

Summertime Manicotti without Red Sauce  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWIFoKF9r5M

Supreme Pizza Nachos with Farideh  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27CkBUpOnPI

Surf & Turf Camping With Farideh  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oOLknxc03A

Tahdig - The Cooking Show (Farideh + Her Dad)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eqBqVDpRXw

The Best Banana Cream Pie  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3w_uyvJ2Eg

The Best Breakfast Sandwich Is Actually A Meatloaf  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4e_P0ptwu_4

The Hot Dog BLT  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ysEle8b-Ag

The Trail Mix Trifle  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkOIIy1heGA

Turkey Club Sandwich & Perfect Onion Rings  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjWT7mzCOk4

Use Your Leftovers To Make This Steakhouse Hash  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAX7nHF5hb4

White Bean Breakfast Bake  The Cooking Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woVQAsEIDeA
The Cooking Show with Farideh  Season 1