
1.  31 Words That Sound Like Slurs But Aren't.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQTJl2bwoZQ&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

2.  ABC CEO No More Racist Shows  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slT5WcWNq_s&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

3.  Bad Hostage Negotiator (with Rob Corddry).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiZjn0xSn1Q&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

4.  Brohemian Rhapsody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_UyP4qb6-0&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

5.  Chris Brown's Publicist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fEt3uERI_w&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

6.  Deleted Scenes MoviePass CEO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTGIk2eMR90&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

7.  Dumb Ways to Die.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJNR2EpS0jw&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

8.  Even More Problems with Jeggings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88p48q1TBjw&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

9.  Grease Dilemma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9eHdb2bR9g&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

10.  MoviePass CEO PLEASE DON'T CANCEL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBO_7UezpbY&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

11.  Nicolas Cage's Agent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eExfV_xKaiM&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

12.  Radio conversation between US and Spain..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkx0MxK-Yl4&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

13.  T   1000 Meets Wayne's World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UN_VgVEZD0k&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

14.  The Jeggings Gang Gets Pre-Torn Jeans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHUV2BJIEPk&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

15.  The Problem with Jeggings continue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1Z6XJ_0gYo&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

16.  The Problem with Jeggings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPJz850ibII&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

17.  The Straightest Dude Ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iS5WZoQGP4I&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

18.  Tide CEO You Gotta Stop Eating Tide Pods  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFKQ7GflRkk&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

19.  Tumblr CEO No More Porn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtUuab1Aqg0&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

20.  Venmo CEO We’re Fun!   CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWFLztKBrLY&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM

21.  What Going Back to the 90s Would Actually Be Like.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TGj227OVKY&list=PLgHeyvUEqRDFSzL2I_n6V1amq4Gqsd3SM
college humor