
1.  A Map Geek's Tour of the World #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H9KEcb74aA&pp=sAQA

2.  A Map Geek's Tour of the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVB4TEeMcgA&pp=sAQA

3.  Air Cargo's Coronavirus Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2oPk20OHBE&pp=sAQA

4.  Airlines' Protocol for After a Plane Crash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rtmhv5qEBg0&pp=sAQA

5.  American Sports' Battle for China.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCEwPio2bkg&pp=sAQA

6.  Amtrak’s Grand Plan for Profitability.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSw7fWCrDk0&pp=sAQA

7.  Australia's China Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SDUm1bx7Zc&pp=sAQA

8.  Big Plane vs Little Plane (The Economics of Long-Haul Flights).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlIdzF1_b5M&pp=sAQA

9.  Boeing's China Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjbYloKJX7c&pp=sAQA

10.  Canada's New Shipping Shortcut.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcDwtO4RWmo&pp=sAQA

11.  China's Geography Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiBF6v5UAAE&pp=sAQA

12.  China's Vaccine Diplomacy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CuPqeIJr3U&pp=sAQA

13.  Cities at Sea How Aircraft Carriers Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0pS3Zx7Fc8&pp=sAQA

14.  Containerization The Most Influential Invention That You've Never Heard Of.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-ZskaqBshs&pp=sAQA

15.  COVID-19 How Aviation is Fighting for Survival.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VX2e2iEg_pM&pp=sAQA

16.  Distributing the COVID Vaccine The Greatest Logistics Challenge Ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byW1GExQB84&pp=sAQA

17.  Egypt's Dam Problem The Geopolitics of the Nile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BCY0SPOFpE&pp=sAQA

18.  Elon Musk's Basic Economics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h97fXhDN5qE&pp=sAQA

19.  Every Country in the World (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-b4SUOfn_4&pp=sAQA

20.  Every Country in the World (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1CVVoAihBc&pp=sAQA

21.  Every State in the US.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ancuYECRGN8&pp=sAQA

22.  Extremities A New Channel by Wendover Productions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHhJuAOK3CI&pp=sAQA

23.  Extremities A New Scripted Podcast from Wendover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2-ehDQM6TM&pp=sAQA

24.  Guam Why America's Most Isolated Territory Exists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5r90DYjZ76g&pp=sAQA

25.  How Africa is Becoming China's China.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQV_DKQkT8o&pp=sAQA

26.  How Air Ambulances (Don't) Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gdCH1XUIlE&pp=sAQA

27.  How Air Traffic Control Works.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1f2GwWLB3k&pp=sAQA

28.  How Airlines Decide Where to Fly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3jfvncofiA&pp=sAQA

29.  How Airlines Price Flights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72hlr-E7KA0&pp=sAQA

30.  How Airlines Schedule Flights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGXahSnA_oA&pp=sAQA

31.  How Airports Make Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdU1WTBJMl0&pp=sAQA

32.  How Amazon's Super-Complex Shipping System Works.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qanMpnYsjk&pp=sAQA

33.  How Boeing Will Get the 737 MAX Flying Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvUpSFGRqEo&pp=sAQA

34.  How Budget Airlines Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=069y1MpOkQY&pp=sAQA

35.  How China Broke the World's Recycling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXRtNwUju5g&pp=sAQA

36.  How China Built a Hospital in 10 Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Sh7hghljuQ&pp=sAQA

37.  How COVID-19 Broke the Airline Pricing Model.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_akzwzghWQ&pp=sAQA

38.  How Fighting Wildfires Works.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EodxubsO8EI&pp=sAQA

39.  How Freight Trains Connect the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9poImReDFeY&pp=sAQA

40.  How Geography Gave the US Power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-WO-c9xHms&pp=sAQA

41.  How Hong Kong Changed Countries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69EVxLLhciQ&pp=sAQA

42.  How Living at the South Pole Works.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAEydOjNWyQ&pp=sAQA

43.  How Long-Haul Trucking Works.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlPrAKtegFQ&pp=sAQA

44.  How Maritime Law Works.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7CvEt51fz4&pp=sAQA

45.  How Marketers Manipulate Us Psychological Manipulation in Advertising.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LqqVfPduTs&pp=sAQA

46.  How Much Would it Cost to Live on the Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ouiTMXuDAQ&pp=sAQA

47.  How Offshore Oil Rigs Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABIkWS_YavM&pp=sAQA

48.  How Overnight Shipping Works.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3qfeoqErtY&pp=sAQA

49.  How Rwanda is Becoming the Singapore of Africa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX0ozxrZlEQ&pp=sAQA

50.  How the Layouts of Grocery Stores are Secretly Designed to Make You Spend More Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThNeIT7aceI&pp=sAQA

51.  How the Navajo Nation Works (A Country Within a Country).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5PLyYVIEpg&pp=sAQA

52.  How the Post Office Made America.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nu2WOxXxsHw&pp=sAQA

53.  How the US Government Will Survive Doomsday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j48Z3W35FI0&pp=sAQA

54.  How the US' Hospital Ships Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pNBAxx4IRo&pp=sAQA

55.  How to Beat the Casino, and How They'll Stop You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ongqf93rAcM&pp=sAQA

56.  How to Build a $100 Million Satellite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30XpSozOZII&pp=sAQA

57.  How to Create a Country.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bg2VZIPfX0U&pp=sAQA

58.  How to Design Impenetrable Airport Security.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Y1kJpHBn50&pp=sAQA

59.  How to Fix Traffic Forever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4PW66_g6XA&pp=sAQA

60.  How to Illegally Cross the Mexico-US Border.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTIDCA7mjZs&pp=sAQA

61.  How to Make First Contact.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bL2WPDtLYNU&pp=sAQA

62.  How to Start an Airline.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjiH3mpxyrQ&pp=sAQA

63.  How to Stop a Riot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT9bit2-1pg&pp=sAQA

64.  How to Stop an Epidemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9ttpHvK6yw&pp=sAQA

65.  Iceland's Tourism Revolution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17oZPYcpPnQ&pp=sAQA

66.  Is the European Union a Country.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lj127TKu4Q&pp=sAQA

67.  Little Bay Why This Island Was Abandoned on December 31st, 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJtFgte1GKc&pp=sAQA

68.  Living Underwater How Submarines Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdy0gBVWAzE&pp=sAQA

69.  Mini Countries Abroad How Embassies Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUsqnD9-42g&pp=sAQA

70.  Russia's Geography Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3C_5bsdQWg&pp=sAQA

71.  Small Planes Over Big Oceans (ETOPS Explained).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSxSgbNQi-g&pp=sAQA

72.  Space Law-What Laws are There in Space.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6AWAoc_Lr0&pp=sAQA

73.  Space The Next Trillion Dollar Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiRBQxHrxNw&pp=sAQA

74.  Supersonic Planes are Coming Back (And This Time, They Might Work).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4p0fRlCHYyg&pp=sAQA

75.  The 8 Flights That Show How COVID-19 Reinvented Aviation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_rXhuaI0W8&pp=sAQA

76.  The Broken Economics of Organ Transplants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7C1fPocIFgU&pp=sAQA

77.  The Business of Ski Resorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpcUVOjUrKk&pp=sAQA

78.  The Economics of Airline Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzB5xtGGsTc&pp=sAQA

79.  The Economics of Private Jets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYPrH4xANpU&pp=sAQA

80.  The Economics That Made Boeing Build the 737 Max.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfNEOfEGe3I&pp=sAQA

81.  The Electric Vehicle Charging Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLcqJ2DclEg&pp=sAQA

82.  The Final Years of Majuro [Documentary].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3J06af5xHD0&pp=sAQA

83.  The Five Freedoms of Aviation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thqbjA2DC-E&pp=sAQA

84.  The Five Rules of Risk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtX-Ibi21tU&pp=sAQA

85.  The Gene Patent Question.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voozHXadYYE&pp=sAQA

86.  The Incredible Logistics of Grocery Stores.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNpk_OGEGlA&pp=sAQA

87.  The Incredible Logistics of the Tokyo Olympics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3FKtBNEBRc&pp=sAQA

88.  The Insane Logistics of Formula 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OLVFa8YRfM&pp=sAQA

89.  The Insane Logistics of Shutting Down the Cruise Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4dOCfWlgBw&pp=sAQA

90.  The Little Plane War.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1YMPk3XhCc&pp=sAQA

91.  The Logistics of Covid-19 Testing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgiMqePRp0Y&pp=sAQA

92.  The Logistics of Disaster Response.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLS9IK693KI&pp=sAQA

93.  The Logistics of Filming Avengers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erS2YMYcZO8&pp=sAQA

94.  The Logistics of Living in Antarctica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-s3j-ptJD10&pp=sAQA

95.  The Logistics of the International Space Station.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkRRo5DN9lI&pp=sAQA

96.  The Logistics of the US Census.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ppjv0H-Yt5Q&pp=sAQA

97.  The Logistics of the US Election.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RyG7nzteG64&pp=sAQA

98.  The Magic Economics of Gambling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cjIWMUgPtY&pp=sAQA

99.  The Messy Ethics of Self Driving Cars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avh7ez858xM&pp=sAQA

100.  The Most Valuable Airspace in the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdNDYBt9e_U&pp=sAQA

101.  The New Economy of the Warming Arctic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msjuRoZ0Vu8&pp=sAQA

102.  The News You Missed in 2020, From Every Country in the World (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIFV_Z7Y9_w&pp=sAQA

103.  The News You Missed in 2020, From Every Country in the World (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7R7jNWHp0D0&pp=sAQA

104.  The NFL's Logistics Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJ_LUFBSoqM&pp=sAQA

105.  The Nuclear Waste Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uU3kLBo_ruo&pp=sAQA

106.  The Plane Highway in the Sky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aQ2E0mlRQI&pp=sAQA

107.  The Rise of 20-Hour Long Flights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNUomfuWuA8&pp=sAQA

108.  The Super-Fast Logistics of Delivering Blood By Drone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnoUBfLxZz0&pp=sAQA

109.  The Surprising Easternmost Point in the US.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3jlFtBg0Y8&pp=sAQA

110.  The UK's Failed Experiment in Rail Privatization.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DlTq8DbRs4k&pp=sAQA

111.  The US Government Program That Pays For Your Flights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1a73gdNs0M&pp=sAQA

112.  The US President's $2,614 Per Minute Transport System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJRqB1xtIxg&pp=sAQA

113.  The US' Overseas Military Base Strategy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0qt0hdCQtg&pp=sAQA

114.  The World is Shrinking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nn-ym8y1_kw&pp=sAQA

115.  The World's Most Useful Airport [Documentary].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-QejUTDCWw&pp=sAQA

116.  The World's Shortcut How the Panama Canal Works.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgsxapE27NU&pp=sAQA

117.  TWL #1 Presidents Are 4x More Likely to be Lefties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ugvJi2pIck&pp=sAQA

118.  TWL #10 The Day Sweden Switched Driving Directions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoYNhX15w4k&pp=sAQA

119.  TWL #10.5 Argleton (+ Patreon).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpfvOc8HJdg&pp=sAQA

120.  TWL #2 Bir Tawil- The Land Without a Country.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_iaurPRhCs&pp=sAQA

121.  TWL #3 Paper Towns- Fake Places Made to Catch Copyright Thieves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JllpzZgAAl8&pp=sAQA

122.  TWL #4 Which Way Should Toilet Paper Face.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6o5C-i02c8&pp=sAQA

123.  TWL #5 Timekeeping on Mars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F53TA37Mqck&pp=sAQA

124.  TWL #6 Big Mac Economics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XdYbmova_s&pp=sAQA

125.  TWL #7 This Number is Illegal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnEyjwdoj7g&pp=sAQA

126.  TWL #8 Immortality Through Quantum Suicide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7RHv_MIIT0&pp=sAQA

127.  TWL #9 The Secret Anti-Counterfeit Symbol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1c-jBfZPVv4&pp=sAQA

128.  TWL is back! (But not here...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaGG50laHgI&pp=sAQA

129.  Urban Geography Why We Live Where We Do.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQSxPzafO_k&pp=sAQA

130.  What's Actually the Plane of the Future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql0Op1VcELw&pp=sAQA

131.  Which Country Are International Airports In.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkCeKc1GTMs&pp=sAQA

132.  Why Airlines Sell More Seats Than They Have.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqWksuyry5w&pp=sAQA

133.  Why Chicken Sandwiches Don't Cost $1500.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rk2hPrEnk8&pp=sAQA

134.  Why China Is so Good at Building Railways.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0JDoll8OEFE&pp=sAQA

135.  Why Chinese Manufacturing Wins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7Jfrzkmzyc&pp=sAQA

136.  Why Cities Are Where They Are.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PWWtqfwacQ&pp=sAQA

137.  Why Cities Exist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvAvHjYoLUU&pp=sAQA

138.  Why College is so Expensive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PsmkAxVHdM&pp=sAQA

139.  Why Electric Planes are Inevitably Coming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aH4b3sAs-l8&pp=sAQA

140.  Why Flying is So Expensive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Oe8T3AvydU&pp=sAQA

141.  Why Helicopter Airlines Failed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAG4zCsiA_w&pp=sAQA

142.  Why Long-Haul Low-Cost Airlines Always Go Bankrupt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTyUE162lrw&pp=sAQA

143.  Why Planes Don't Fly Faster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1QEj09Pe6k&pp=sAQA

144.  Why Public Transportation Sucks in the US.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cjfTG8DbwA&pp=sAQA

145.  Why So Many Airlines are Going Bankrupt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnfoTAxhpzQ&pp=sAQA

146.  Why Taiwan and China are Battling over Tiny Island Countries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GMoUmvw8kU&pp=sAQA

147.  Why the Northernmost Town in America Exists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MP1OAm7Pzps&pp=sAQA

148.  Why the Southern Hemisphere is Poorer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iO5mfbpq16A&pp=sAQA

149.  Why the World is Running Out of Pilots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cognzTud3Wg&pp=sAQA

150.  Why There are Now So Many Shortages (It's Not COVID).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1JlYZQG3lI&t=40s&pp=sAQA

151.  Why Time is One of Humanity's Greatest Inventions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRWggYusSds&pp=sAQA

152.  Why Trains are so Expensive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwjwePe-HmA&pp=sAQA

153.  Why Trains Suck in America.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbEfzuCLoAQ&pp=sAQA
Wendover Productions