
1.  .ts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Alais_Clay/Videos_on_Her_youtube_page/.ts/.ts.txt

2.  #TheReturnOfLowkeyChallenge - Alais Clay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X25TKsCYfrw

4.  .ahk


7.  2014 Wandering Monks - Casualties of War.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtvVX-oz2xg

11.  Alais Clay + Mike Wird - Heat Brewin' LIVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpQCk63B2Iw

16.  Alais Clay - 'In The Light'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bab_07mBKqI

22.  Alais Clay - 'Message' (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3Wh1mNdTJY

29.  Alais Clay - Coals Into Diamonds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBV-avF9P-E

37.  Alais Clay - Cut The Ties feat. GhostRyder & Steve Grant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqCvD0416c4

46.  Alais Clay - Deadly Rain [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNpR4TjVPtc

56.  Alais Clay - Mountains We Move LIVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xd-1bggHjaI

67.  Alais Clay - Renegade Slave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Q6oqPuzA5k

79.  Alais Clay - We Will March.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8R254Bno5I

92.  Alais Clay live at Convergence 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BO4kBX2pCDc

106.  Alais Clay Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVzwHZ6ovd8

121.  Conversation with Patricia Richards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhNsOU5hLAc

137.  Dixon's Violin live @ ARISE Festival 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmFI0dSSjok

154.  Freedom Movement - God's Land.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Q2ZLxqMLpc

172.  Freedom Movement live 7.9.2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgpnG0ZY8EQ

191.  Jax interviews Water Protector- Janene Hampton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R71bi417eJc

211.  Keith Curley @ ARISE Fest. 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTNloupYIS4

232.  Miaaja Rose & Ashley Willfire cover 'River' @ StarWater Wednesday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXh7OaVtW6U

254.  No Lullaby - Alais Clay [2020].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbBg0VgfnJ8

277.  One 4 Community.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IywCzOjIqNE

301.  Outta My Way - Alais Clay 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBnEWhJU6EU

326.  Pain R.I.P. - Alais Clay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvouxUrZbRo

352.  Stars Collide - Maiyu Ondaro & Alais Clay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVmY0SVQ_ps

379.  StarWater Wednesday ft. Zoë Clare & TOTEM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBrahumS1jo

407.  Zoë Clare Live @ StarWater Wednesday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRz3ugKUDg8
Videos on Her youtube page