
1.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/C_Programming_in_Linux_Tutorial/C_Programming_in_Linux_Tutorial.txt

2.  Linux
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Linux/Linux.txt

3.  Linux Administration Tutorial Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Linux_Administration_Tutorial_Videos/Linux_Administration_Tutorial_Videos.txt

4.  Linux Basic Course Tutorial Arabic
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Linux_Basic_Course_Tutorial_Arabic/Linux_Basic_Course_Tutorial_Arabic.txt

5.  Linux CentOS 8 Tutorials for Beginners
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Linux_CentOS_8_Tutorials_for_Beginners/Linux_CentOS_8_Tutorials_for_Beginners.txt

6.  Linux Command Line Tutorial For Beginners  Bash Terminal  Linux Terminal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Linux_Command_Line_Tutorial_For_Beginners__Bash_Terminal__Linux_Terminal/Linux_Command_Line_Tutorial_For_Beginners__Bash_Terminal__Linux_Terminal.txt

7.  Linux Essentials For Hackers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Linux_Essentials_For_Hackers/Linux_Essentials_For_Hackers.txt

8.  Linux Mint Beginners Guide
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Linux_Mint_Beginners_Guide/Linux_Mint_Beginners_Guide.txt

9.  Linux Online Training
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Linux_Online_Training/Linux_Online_Training.txt

10.  Linux Tutorial For Beginners
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Linux_Tutorial_For_Beginners/Linux_Tutorial_For_Beginners.txt

11.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners Playlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Linux_Tutorial_for_Beginners_Playlist/Linux_Tutorial_for_Beginners_Playlist.txt

12.  Linux Tutorials
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Linux_Tutorials/Linux_Tutorials.txt

13.  Linux Tutorials  GeeksforGeeks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Linux_Tutorials__GeeksforGeeks/Linux_Tutorials__GeeksforGeeks.txt

14.  LinuxMac Tutorials
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/LinuxMac_Tutorials/LinuxMac_Tutorials.txt

15.  LinuxUnix Tutorial For Beginners
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/LinuxUnix_Tutorial_For_Beginners/LinuxUnix_Tutorial_For_Beginners.txt

16.  Raspberry Pi with Linux LESSONS
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Raspberry_Pi_with_Linux_LESSONS/Raspberry_Pi_with_Linux_LESSONS.txt

17.  Shell Scripting Tutorial for Beginners
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Shell_Scripting_Tutorial_for_Beginners/Shell_Scripting_Tutorial_for_Beginners.txt

18.  The Complete Red Hat Linux Course Beginner to Advanced! wEnglish Subtitles
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/The_Complete_Red_Hat_Linux_Course_Beginner_to_Advanced!_wEnglish_Subtitles/The_Complete_Red_Hat_Linux_Course_Beginner_to_Advanced!_wEnglish_Subtitles.txt

19.  The Linux Basics Course Beginner to Sysadmin, Step by Step
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/The_Linux_Basics_Course_Beginner_to_Sysadmin,_Step_by_Step/The_Linux_Basics_Course_Beginner_to_Sysadmin,_Step_by_Step.txt

20.  Ubuntu Linux Tutorials for Beginners
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Ubuntu_Linux_Tutorials_for_Beginners/Ubuntu_Linux_Tutorials_for_Beginners.txt

21.  UnixLinux Tutorial Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/UnixLinux_Tutorial_Videos/UnixLinux_Tutorial_Videos.txt

22.  Why Linux is Better
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/Why_Linux_is_Better/Why_Linux_is_Better.txt

23.  x86_64 Linux Assembly
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Computers/Operating_Systems/Linux/Linux_Tutorials/x86_64_Linux_Assembly/x86_64_Linux_Assembly.txt
Linux Tutorials