
1.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #001 - Hello World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKNjXvMB0MY

2.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #002 - Data Types int and char.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nz3aPFHgk-A

3.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #003 - Data Types float, double, and long int.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btzTHV27h6w

4.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #004 - Data Types strings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGVzHAtCBRw

5.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #005 - Data Types pointer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kM-dGZgX3Hc

6.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #006 - Data Types Array.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVvOpkRZCsk

7.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #007 - If-Then-Else Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRNMlqJDWq4

8.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #008 - For Loop Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBexz3rSziE

9.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #009 - while Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCPRK_1MxUc

10.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #010 - struct Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAL8jRQERxE

11.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #011 - typedef Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pIl4c36hhQ

12.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #012 - Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr6s6_3VuAI

13.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #013 - Function Pointers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HK1ujzlrqqw

14.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #014 - Adding Comments in Source Code.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7b6oJ_0Gmg

15.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #015 - argc argv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plkZpe6qE0I

16.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #016 - Multiple Source Files.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e71Yt1W0f3Q

17.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #017 - String Functions and Operations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkDIj8K5saA

18.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #018 - Char Pointer vs Array Char.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIVeisHb4xY

19.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #019 - Preprocessor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQFT9FuwQ0w

20.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #020 - Unary and Binary Operations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjMigIs_acM

21.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #021 - Type Casting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-91N8H4bZU

22.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #022 - malloc() free().ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CvIX50bJk8

23.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #023 - Creating Header File.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hb5rv-B-684

24.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #024 - open() read() write() Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dP3N8g7h8gY

25.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #025 - readdir() opendir() Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbAfIGR_5XM

26.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #026 - fork() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tS-9zg3qfMY

27.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #027 - Bubble Sort.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QrTIFNy6UM

28.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #028 - Recursion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ht9sUCgkiw

29.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #029 - pthreads.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9IT5RAludA

30.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #030 - scanf() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylnP-kC6zWk

31.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #031 - switch-case Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYlmB90ZkNo

32.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #032 - qsort.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ci4WIBe894U

33.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #033 - read() write() Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJw-6wkdK-U

34.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #034 - Socket Programming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFLQkmnmD0o

35.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #035 (Rev. 2) - Linked List.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opleuEk017M

36.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #036 - Shared Memory.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMeDw2GDMsE

37.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #037 - pipe() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bNMkvcOKlc

38.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #038 - fopen() fread() fwrite() Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UD0X2bQGqeo

39.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #039 - mutex pthread.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axwGR80q0Qw

40.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #040 - Dynamic Shared Libraries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNr4tAPvbvQ

41.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #041 - Static Shared Libraries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLcO-tgi-mU

42.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #042 - Static Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BU7v5U3kec

43.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #043 - String to Integer Conversion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3d3kJw1h9Q

44.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #044 - Time Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCL1UU0Nr3A

45.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #045 - toupper() tolower() Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTlKBOgLgt8

46.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #046 - Semaphore pthread.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYnNKdf7cZM

47.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #047 - system() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKAkg8fQo5E

48.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #048 - setenv() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwHC0FZwcaw

49.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #049 - Bit Shift Operation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ji_Pa2zPTk

50.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #050 - Macro Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlFr8wUcFxM

51.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #051 - Double Pointer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egsLhDJs2B0

52.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #052 - Two Dimensional Array Variable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vElNnKhRtW4

53.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #053 - Scope.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKJHmveAqVQ

54.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #054 - Enum Type.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUxC2V4qvcE

55.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #055 - Signals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rggw61JtGz0

56.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #056 - GDB debugger (12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlN3XI8kuhI

57.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #057 - GDB debugger (22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UM2wf0zjBfM

58.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #058 - Code Optimization.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kgc4IAUIglE

59.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #059 - Code Instrumentation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8FN6Y8G0v8

60.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #060 - (Part 12) getopt() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PrXd9Wo6jA

61.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #060 - (Part 22) getopt() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeNqqsGxM4k

62.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #061 - Math Library.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4Q30JUeRKY

63.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #062 - Binary Search Tree.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBBJK1xFjDA

64.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #063 - Hash Program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAuWRfWo5hI

65.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #064 - mkdir() rmdir() symlink() unlink() Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4xZnIPNTN4

66.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #065 - exec() Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZksUSSU9IQ

67.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #066 - abort() assert() Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWaBIw24v0w

68.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #067 - Memory Map using mmap() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3z-SIxu1Tw

69.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #068 - strftime() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm8PKRTpH3Q

70.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #069 - Generating Random Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btvx-l8fedk

71.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #070 - Wide Characters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MGfg5piFPA

72.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #071 - fsync() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvAoag2MODo

73.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #072 - sendfile() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4gTEPo9m10

74.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #073 - GDBM Embedded Database.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c13SrW05gLw

75.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #074 - libusb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=If7qsVvkIH0

76.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #075 - Redirect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fL-zXw_oLbw

77.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #076 - lseek() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-OFPZVVYzg

78.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #077 - stat() Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LERSkW_pLBs

79.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #078 - va_start(), va_end(), va_arg() Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dZpDPFp6YU

80.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #079 - union.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tHAJgEkkks

81.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #080 - Trimming out end spaces in a string.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntSbck9Jgs4

82.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #081 - Field extraction from one-line record of flat file database.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1rjxF7lNeA

83.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #082 - Passing struct by value and by reference.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRLooqP5VDI

84.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #083 - select() function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyFwGyTYe-M

85.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #084 - poll() function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UP6B324Qh5k

86.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #085 - Segmentation fault handling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-a0vHOvyAk

87.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #086 - Solving Systems of Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlu_sFltONo

88.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #087 - Prime Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoULGU72tTg

89.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #088 - clone() function for creating new process.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NXECbHd8mA

90.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #089 - Decimal to Binary Conversion Program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kU5q8uhNDP0

91.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #090 - goto Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBODMljZcwk

92.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #091 - C macros, __FILE__, __func__, __LINE__.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OwM0SaGq9Q

93.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #092 - Scanset Specifiers in scanf() function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDpovZolSBk

94.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #093 - Data Hiding or Encapsulation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyJPAFMzv4Y

95.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #094 - Decimal to Hexadecimal Conversion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DS65Q0EDfAA

96.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #095 - PI (p) Algorithm Implementation in C.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpeaXfvhWR8

97.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #096 - Floating Point Data Types, Mantissa and Exponent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSVdgl8PDyc

98.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #097 - Creating A Simple Database.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEenaPQXxFs

99.  C Programming in Linux Tutorial #098 - A Simple Web Server Program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1bHO4VbUck
C Programming in Linux Tutorial