
Battling the Superbugs The Future of Fighting Infections
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sqp1cP35og8&list=

Better, Stronger, Faster The Future of the Bionic Body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YI_zoQc_tNc&list=

Cancer’s Last Stand The Genome Solution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4Z-RO6t1tU&list=

Designer Genes Fashioning our Biological Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQD4pZrWX7o&list=

Destiny and DNA Our Pliable Genome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQrzjZO4Cns&list=

E.O. Wilson On The Shoulders of Giants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWLoluq-HCo&list=

Editing Our DNA with CRISPR The Promise and Peril of Rewriting Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRlJzNj6k3E&list=

Ending the Epidemic Science Advances on AIDS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4diCNXfgsk&list=

Engineering Immortality the End of Aging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqPXGXuWyNE&list=

Is Alien ‘Life’ Weirder Than We Imagine Who Is Out There
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kT9GqvgipOQ&list=

It's Alive, But Is It Life Synthetic Biology and the Future of Creation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rU_pfCtSWF4&list=

It's All Relatives The Science Of Family Ties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmP6qhPe83I&list=

Longevity A Radical New Science
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJLE5J4nLDA&list=

Our Genome Ourselves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkcpX954IU8&list=

Pioneers In Science Jo Handelsman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4bTSc1sqFU&list=

Planet of the Humans The Leap to the Top
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3IlnuMG39U&list=

Quantum Biology The Hidden Nature of Nature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADiql3FG5is&list=

Scents and Sensibilities The Invisible Language of Smell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyEQcHBoGWc&list=

Splicing and Dicing DNA Genome Engineering and the CRISPR Revolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nimj6SNPq-o&list=

The Origins of Orientation Sexuality in the 21st Century
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZsnPmuYp9c&list=

The Promise of Human Regeneration Forever Young
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0vKOYQUmgg&list=

The Vital Cells of Existence The Science of Your Microbiome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIPbtxDwXgI&list=

What is Synthetic Biology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfYu-FVgSYE&list=

What It Means to Be Human The Enigma of Altruism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNDnAR9UhNk&list=

Why We Prevailed Evolution and the Battle for Dominance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GEloPVEh-8&list=
Biology & Origins of Life