
chronological order
https://maxmeents.github.io/infinitemenu/All/Learning/Science/Physics/Minute_Physics/chronological_order/chronological_order.txt

2011 Nobel Prize- Dark Energy feat. Sean Carroll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6o2bUPdxV0

2012 Nobel Prize- How Do We See Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dRr-fnPCwM

3 Simple Ways to Time Travel (& 3 Complicated Ones).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FflcA85zcOM

A Brief History of Everything, feat. Neil deGrasse Tyson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KYTJ8tBoZ8

A Polarizing Discovery About the Big Bang!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IlBNJbCzfk

A Simple Proof of Conservation of Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PplaBASQ_3M

A Youtube Phishing Attack You Need to Watch Out For.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJiQqphICfQ

Adding Past Infinity (WARNING- Math Ahead).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIq5CZlg8Rg

Albert Einstein- The Size and Existence of Atoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrUBPO6zZ40

Albert Einstein- Why Light is Quantum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSgIDgGpRpk

Aliens- Are We Looking in the Wrong Place.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRGca_Ya6OM

An Impossible Bet - The 100 Prisoners Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eivGlBKlK6M

Another Physics Misconception.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4B_x1XjBhiI

Antimatter Explained.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lo8NmoDL9T8

Are University Admissions Biased - Simpson's Paradox Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_ME4P9fQbo

Astronomically Correct Twinkle Twinkle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhn-RzMELhY

Bell's Theorem- The Quantum Venn Diagram Paradox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcqZHYo7ONs

Black Holes, Neutron Stars, and White Dwarfs (Collab. w- MinuteEarth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NucdlR9EGbA

Blackout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFZ6J2sY2eU

Can Humans Really Feel Temperature.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXT012us9ng

Can we Predict Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmX1W5umC1c

Can We Survive Curiosity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k-JK-QgAgg

Common Physics Misconceptions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IM630Z8lho8

Complete Solution To The Twins Paradox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iJZ_QGMLD0

Computer Color is Broken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKnqECcg6Gw

Concrete Does Not Dry Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qegAzbrI1U

Confessions of a Youtuber.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJGFei3wKs4

Correlation CAN Imply Causation! - Statistics Misconceptions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUti6vGctQM

Distance and Special Relativity- How far away is tomorrow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5S-hA9uKEM

Do Cause and Effect Really Exist (Big Picture Ep. 2-5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3AMCcYnAsdQ

Do Photons Cast Shadows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fv1JJ227CQk

Do We Expand With The Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th_9ZR2I0_w

Does the Universe Have a Purpose feat. Neil deGrasse Tyson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pL5vzIMAhs

E=mc² is Incomplete.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnMIhxWRGNw

Einstein and The Special Theory of Relativity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajhFNcUTJI0

Einstein's Biggest Blunder, Explained.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RApKeMGDnE

Einstein's Proof of E=mc².ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hW7DW9NIO9M

Every Force in Nature (Theory of Everything, Part III).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_RhISgoXUs

Evolution vs Natural Selection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1t5_iGN0xE

Extraterrestrial Cycloids - Why Are They on Europa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3LXPmiEB-w

Fahrenheit, Celsius and Kelvin explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy2qVIhTtG8

Faster Than Light Neutrinos (maybe)- Field Trip!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mT-mCQY2XBE

Feynman's Lost Lecture (ft. 3Blue1Brown).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdIjYBtnvZU

Foiled Proof.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNReoaONJdg

Football, Physics, and Symmetry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-5CDVdglp4

Footnote †- Double Pendulums Are Crazy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbJYK7q5ejY

Footnote †- Unstable Equilibrium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plUboQZgkng

GPS, relativity, and nuclear detection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ky4RgRvVDoA

Gravitational Waves Explained Using Stick Figures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHS9g72npqA

Hardy's Paradox - Quantum Double Double Slit Experiment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ph3d-ByEA7Q

Higgs Boson Part III- How to Discover a Particle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6guXMfg88Z8

Hitting the Sun is HARD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHvR1fRTW8g

Hour Physics- What makes a good (or bad) youtube science video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Cv5ldhxpLA

How Airplanes Are Made.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rMgpExA4kM

How Big Is The Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u70lZSMP9Bo

How Big is the Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NU2t5zlxQQ

How Do Airplanes Fly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gg0TXNXgz-w

How Do Bikes Stay Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZAc5t2lkvo

How Do We Know The Universe Is ACCELERATING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXkBfkeJJ5c

How Do We Know What Air is Like on Other Planets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfJ-i4Y6DGU

How Entropy Powers The Earth (Big Picture Ep. 4-5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAMlGyaUz4M

How Far Can Legolas See.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rk2izv-c_ts

How far is a second.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wp20Sc8qPeo

How ISPs Violate the Laws of Mathematics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3IPVWN-1ks

How lasers work (in theory).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3SBSbsdiYg

How Long Can You Balance a Pencil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U3vAoJhIWms

How Long Is A Day On The Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnlI_b-K3hY

How Long To Fall Through The Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urQCmMiHKQk

How Many Stars There Are in the Sky, explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSxa5cVT3Ok

How Modern Light Bulbs Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCEKMEeZXug

How Perspective Shapes Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHaX9asEXIo

How Quantum Computers Break Encryption - Shor's Algorithm Explained.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvTqbM5Dq4Q

How Shor's Algorithm Factors 314191.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRZQ-efABeQ

How the Sun works- Fusion and Quantum Tunneling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gS1dpowPlE8

How to break the speed of light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lR4tJr7sMPM

How to Build a Lava Moat (with xkcd).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8xfzeD0ZK4

How to Build a Teleporter with Aliens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSrEIdhrXB4

How to Count Infinity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-QoutHCu4o

How to Destroy a Magnet (+ interactive periodic table).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlnZKSR73S0

How To Detect A Secret Nuclear Test.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daZ7IQFqPyA

How To Discover Weird New Particles - Emergent Quantum Quasiparticles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbsnY--LFh0

How to Draw a Stick Figure (School of Youtube).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwkSAnLHm1Y

How to Find an Exoplanet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnX7ExBjrHw

How To Go To Space (with XKCD!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2p_8gx-XHJo

How To Make MUONS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBr9YiSwdzM

How to See Without Glasses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OydqR_7_DjI

How to Simulate the Universe on your Laptop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP-C_B8nSmw

How To Stop Structures from SHAKING- LEGO Saturn V Tuned Mass Damper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ft3vTaYbkdE

How to Subtract By Adding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS5p9caXS4U

How to Teleport Schrödinger's Cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxQK1WDYI_k

How To Tell If We're Beating COVID-19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54XLXg4fYsc

How to Tell Matter From Antimatter - CP Violation & The Ozma Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Elt0Gt9Cb6Q

How to Turn Sound Into Light- Sonoluminescence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yHDeKFW8j8

How We Know Black Holes Exist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgIqRwvaBw4

I Had to Build a Custom Mute Switch for my Violin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYsp7OIMFAs

Immovable Object vs. Unstoppable Force - Which Wins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eKc5kgPVrA

Impossible Muons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVzDP8SMhPo

Is it Better to Walk or Run in the Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MqYE2UuN24

Is Racewalking a Sport.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTfm03T3VAE

Is the Universe Entirely Mathematical Feat. Max Tegmark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGG4HmlotJE

Is There Poop on the Moon ft. Smarter Every Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNP8wy3S_kY

l.ahk
lll

Legitimate Cold Fusion Exists - Muon-Catalyzed Fusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDfB3gnxRhc

Length Contraction and Time Dilation - Special Relativity Ch. 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NN_m2yKAAk

London Bridge Was Sold to the US!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwmSFwQ0tx4

Lorentz Transformations - Special Relativity Ch. 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rh0pYtQG5wI

Magnetic Levitation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqKeiiezqzc

MAGNETS- How Do They Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFAOXdXZ5TM

Microwaves explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFG_OoiMhWE

Minute Physics- What is Dark Matter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Af0_vWDfJwQ

Minute Physics- What is Gravity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_o4aY7xkXg

MinutePhysics BEHIND THE SCENES – Teleportation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhZ3naSgJg4

MinutePhysics Birthday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJhlejbx5kY

Misconceptions Footnote †- Randomness and Feedback.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMbcMMe0D_Y

Myths and Facts About Superintelligent AI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Om9ssTm194

Negative Temperature explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APFqPoXBE2o

NEW SHOW! - The Science of Seeing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jbu8nhaL84

NEW SHOW- MinuteEarth!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KW5G72a4e9U

One-Way Mirrors explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvqbjUtt3mM

Open Letter to the President- Physics Education.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGL22PTIOAM

Open Letter to the Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN39H1Eb-6I

Our Ignorance About Gravity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTMELHUAzSM

Parallel Universes- Many Worlds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNwKPfOKipk

Physics Explained in Ten Seconds (Announcement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adJFT6_j9Uk

Picture of the Big Bang (a.k.a. Oldest Light in the Universe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mZQ-5-KYHw

Poll (and Physics explained in ten seconds explained in ten seconds).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0RFp1zib8g

Pot Theft (A Radiolab Adventure).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dvQDNgYmKU

Proof Without Words- The Circle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whYqhpc6S6g

Protecting Privacy with MATH (Collab with the Census).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pT19VwBAqKA

Quantum SHAPE-SHIFTING- Neutrino Oscillations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fgKBJDMO54

Radar explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2Kqfjzyl-E

Rainbows explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I43IbqF4aNg

Real World Telekinesis (feat. Neil Turok).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMgcX8UNIGY

Reimagining the Periodic Table.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WLYukAH-eY

Relativistic Addition of Velocity - Special Relativity Ch. 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5oCXHWEL9A

Relativity Isn't Relative.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VS46DZe5usY

Relativity of Simultaneity - Special Relativity Ch. 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrNVsfkGW-0

Ring AROUND the Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xSPlQUejd8

Round Triangles!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MhD2xZVypo

Schrödinger's Cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOYyCHGWJq4

Science, Religion, and the Big Bang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3MWRvLndzs

Shells of Cosmic Time (ft. @AstroKatie).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cfg11qQwPzQ

Should You Walk or Run When It's Cold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Re5fhBoF6sY

Simpson's Paradox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebEkn-BiW5k

SMBC Physics- Why are stones round feat. Zach Weiner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5GHbzR9sZ8

Solar Panels Made With a Particle Accelerator!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPBTdSfLBg8

Solution to the Grandfather Paradox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XayNKY944lY

Solution to The Impossible Bet - The 100 Prisoners Problem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5-I0bAuEUE

Spacetime Diagrams - Special Relativity Ch. 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTxWAQGgeQw

Spacetime Intervals- Not EVERYTHING is Relative - Special Relativity Ch. 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFAEHKAR5hU

Speed of Light Thank You!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VT0floYMpDc

Taming Infinity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MUOdUvtf8o

ten-second physics #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVlCtJ52Juc

The 'Mountain Or Valley' Illusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7C318DGB38

The Arrow of Time feat. Sean Carroll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdTMuivYF30

The Astounding Physics of N95 Masks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAdanPfQdCA

The BEST Science Online (Henry's List).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8t53Ak_yrQ

The Black Hole Tipping Point.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brmjWYQi2UM

The Brown Dwarf Debate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDjeKuAu-8E

The Counterintuitive Physics of Turning a Bike.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llRkf1fnNDM

The Dark Side of the Moon explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mb3AQmhTKo

The Hairy Ball Theorem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4UGZEjG02s

The Higgs Boson, Part I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Uh5mTxRQcg

The Higgs Boson, Part II- What is Mass.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASRpIym_jFM

The Limb of the Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur0fATmsVoc

The Man Who Corrected Einstein.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Va5T2KcYiOw

The Most Burly Hurls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3eEk-__E2U

The No Cloning Theorem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owPC60Ue0BE

The Order of Operations is Wrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9h1oqv21Vs

The Origin of Quantum Mechanics (feat. Neil Turok).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1TVZIBj7UA

The Physics of Car Crashes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9ML4GA47Rg

The Physics of Caramel- How To Make a Caramelized Sugar Cube.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZvdpRUHImI

The Portal Paradox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B19nlhbA7-E

The Sound of Hydrogen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyi5SvPlMXc

The Speed of Light in Glass.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAivtXJOsiI

The Tacoma Narrows Fallacy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ai2QFxStxo

The Tides explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVJEi-PkkaY

The Tides.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gftT3wHJGtg

The True Science of Parallel Universes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ywn2Lz5zmYg

The Twins Paradox Hands-On Explanation - Special Relativity Ch. 8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKjaBPVtvms

The Twins Paradox Primer (Rotating TIME!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bg9MVRQYmBQ

The Unreasonable Efficiency of Black Holes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-O-Qdh7VvQ

The Wave-Particle Duality - Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_riIY-v2Ym8

Theory of Everything (intro).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVO0HgMi6Lc

Theory of Everything- What is Matter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fxeb3Pc4PA4

There is no 'Fourth' dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9sbdrPVfOQ

There is no pink light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9dqJRyk0YM

This is Not a Rainbow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9udYi7exojk

Time Dilation illustrated within ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q__r6eIT7Go

Time Travel in Fiction Rundown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3zTfXvYZ9s

To London, To London.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ghn_Na43FQE

TOP 10 REASONS Why We Know the Earth is Round.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_W280R_Jt8

Tour of the Map of the Big Bang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38_9Q4Az0xM

Transporters and Quantum Teleportation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAaHHGHuy1c

Tutorial- creating the sound of hydrogen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhvW8yZdE5A

Tutorial- Rocket Science! (plus special announcement).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwaGW-x7hS0

Tutorial- Simulating the Universe in After Effects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQiKBM9rDoM

Upside Down Mountains in Real Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5aLeB17tmc

Usain Bolt vs. Gravity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YUtFpLpGfk

VomitPhysics! Physics of Fiction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7JLXg7yGx0

Vote!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CemrH5y1zCs

Weigh a million dollars with your mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zexOIGlrFo

What are years... and the galactic supermassive black hole!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53glKEPzElA

What if the Earth were Hollow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jN-FfJKgis8

What is a dimension In 3D...and 2D... and 1D.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJJhHknEDPY

What is a Neutrino.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAAmAbJvvJg

What IS Angular Momentum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWSu6U0Ujs8

What is fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pfqIcSydgE

What is Quantum Tunneling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTodS8hkSDg

What is Sea Level.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q65O3qA0-n4

What is the Purpose of Life (Big Picture Ep. 5-5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxTnqKuNygE

What Is The Shape of Space (ft. PhD Comics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCK5oGmRtxQ

What is the Uncertainty Principle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vc-Uvp3vwg

What Is The Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrTsvn9usVQ

What is the Wave-Particle Duality Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_h4IoPJXZw

What is Touch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BksyMWSygnc

When Insanity Becomes Normal - Venezuela.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmvAdRntWH8

When It's OK to Violate Privacy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FE9ko2wtyeQ

Where Do Galaxies Come From.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kif4ON6QOPE

Where Does Complexity Come From (Big Picture Ep. 3-5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTFY0H4EZx4

Where is the True North Pole.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Roq20IV4yP0

Where Was The Big Bang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4c-gX9MT1Q

Which came first - Science or Scientists explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TZAmpJ0Jts

Why Are Airplane Engines So Big.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueTGjegTKoo

Why are Stars Star-Shaped.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVAKFJ8VVp4

Why December Has The Longest Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZMMuv0Ltyo

Why Do Compressed Air Cans Get Cold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjraelDMrFQ

Why Do Mirrors Flip Left & Right (but not up & down).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1t4dOPxKgrY

Why Do We Put Telescopes in Space.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ij-u2bHo_fw

Why Doesn't Time Flow Backwards (Big Picture Ep. 1-5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKbJ9leUNDE

Why is it Dark at Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxJ4M7tyLRE

Why is it Harder to Drive Backwards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFwfexZstO4

Why is Relativity Hard - Special Relativity Chapter 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rLWVZVWfdY

Why is the Solar System Flat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmNXKqeUtJM

Why is the Sun Yellow and the Sky Blue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NafbGOQBlQs

Why Isn't It Faster To Fly West.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gNkgj9h2oM

Why Isn't The Sky Purple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5P6O0pDyMU

Why It's HARD To Land on Mars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2nqgKL2JQU

Why It's Impossible to Tune a Piano.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Hqm0dYKUx4

Why Raindrops Are Mathematically Impossible.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lBvC7aFB40

Why Some Days Aren’t 24 Hours.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vxz6nNqpDCk

Why The Full Moon is Better in Winter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3gacnHb9TI

Why the Sky is Blue explained in ten seconds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doSR9Mq_taw

Why the solar system can exist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhS8K4gFu4s

Why You Should Care About Nukes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRnU0bqsyq0

Will Batteries Power The World - The Limits Of Lithium-ion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdPqWv-eVIc

Ye Olde Debunking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVVTk7yy4kU

Youtube Science Awesomeness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enqn2NLQ4As

Youtube Video vs. The Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OwGZR-EltI
Minute Physics