
1.  a-ha - Take On Me (Official Video) [Remastered in 4K].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djV11Xbc914&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

2.  Abba - The Winner Takes It All (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92cwKCU8Z5c&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

3.  Air Supply - Lost In Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvVs0muI-gU&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

4.  Air Supply - Making Love Out Of Nothing At All.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogoIxkPjRts&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

5.  Air Supply - The One That You Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nY31ZH6hAFI&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

6.  Alphaville - Forever Young ~Official Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1TcDHrkQYg&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

7.  Beaches - Wind Beneath My Wings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiS8YokFzeY&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

8.  Beautiful WATERFALLS in the World (2021) Nature RELAXATION Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AYTQ1xlPms&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

9.  Berlin - Take My Breath Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx51eegLTY8&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

10.  Billy Joel - It's Still Rock and Roll to Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eAQa4MOGkE&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

11.  Billy Joel - Uptown Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCuMWrfXG4E&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

12.  Billy Preston & Syreeta Wright - With You I'm Born Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqTq8gckf8E&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

13.  Blondie - Call Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StKVS0eI85I&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

14.  Bobby McFerrin - Don't Worry Be Happy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-diB65scQU&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

15.  Bon Jovi - Livin' On A Prayer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDK9QqIzhwk&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

16.  Bon Jovi - You Give Love A Bad Name (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrZHPOeOxQQ&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

17.  Bonnie Tyler - Total Eclipse of the Heart (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcOxhH8N3Bo&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

18.  Bruce Springsteen - Dancing In the Dark (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=129kuDCQtHs&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

19.  Bruce Springsteen - I'm On Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrpXArn3hII&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

20.  Bryan Adams - Heaven (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6TtwR2Dbjg&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

21.  Bryan Adams - Run To You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCBASt507WA&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

22.  Bryan Adams - Summer Of '69 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFjjO_lhf9c&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

23.  Chicago - Hard To Say I'm Sorry (stereo sound).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEwNcnklcsk&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

24.  City Night - Relaxing Video with Blues Instrumentals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7_J09R9omg&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

25.  Culture Club - Karma Chameleon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmcA9LIIXWw&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

26.  Cyndi Lauper - Girls Just Want To Have Fun (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIb6AZdTr-A&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

27.  Cyndi Lauper - Time After Time (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdQY7BusJNU&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

28.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - Maneater (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRYFKcMa_Ek&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

29.  Dire Straits - Money For Nothing (Live At Knebworth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dlPjxz4LGak&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

30.  Dirty Dancing - Time of my Life (Final Dance) - High Quality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpmILPAcRQo&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

31.  Ebony and Ivory - Paul McCartney and Stevie Wonder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZtiJN6yiik&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

32.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

33.  Fine Young Cannibals - She Drives Me Crazy (1989).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sw54Pdh_m8&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

34.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

35.  Gloria Estefan & Miami Sound Machine - Conga (Tokyo Music Festival 1987).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTBVKuX-Zjs&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

36.  Gloria Estefan - Anything for You (Spanish Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdcnhCoZDCI&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

37.  Good Thing - Fine Young Cannibals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrOek4z32Vg&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

38.  Guns N' Roses - Paradise City.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rbm6GXllBiw&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

39.  Guns N' Roses - Sweet Child O' Mine (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w7OgIMMRc4&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

40.  Hall and Oates - Out of Touch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_8KR-n2fBQ&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

41.  Heart - Alone (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Cw1ng75KP0&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

42.  I Want to know what love is - Foreigner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loWXMtjUZWM&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

43.  Irene Cara  - Flashdance What A Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILWSp0m9G2U&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

44.  J. Geils Band - Centerfold (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqDjMZKf-wg&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

45.  Janet Jackson - Control.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LH8xbDGv7oY&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

46.  Janet Jackson - Miss You Much.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVF0zcqr9Dg&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

47.  Janet Jackson - What Have You Done For Me Lately (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9uizdKZAGE&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

48.  Janet Jackson - When I Think Of You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaleKN9GQ54&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

49.  Joan Jett & the Blackhearts - I Love Rock N Roll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3T_xeoGES8&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

50.  John Mellencamp - Hurts So Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dOsbsuhYGQ&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

51.  John Mellencamp - Jack & Diane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h04CH9YZcpI&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

52.  John Waite - Missing You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9e157Ner90&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

53.  Journey - Don’t Stop Believin’ (Escape Tour 1981 Live In Houston).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcjzHMhBtf0&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

54.  Journey - Faithfully (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMD8hBsA-RI&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

55.  KC & The Sunshine Band - Please don't go (hi quality sound).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-l5FyA3pgo&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

56.  Kenny Loggins - Danger Zone (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siwpn14IE7E&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

57.  Kenny Loggins - Footloose (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltrMfT4Qz5Y&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

58.  Kim Carnes - Bette Davis Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPOIS5taqA8&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

59.  Kool & The Gang - Celebration (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GwjfUFyY6M&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

60.  Lady - Kenny Rogers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYRfUoR9Q4Y&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

61.  Lionel Richie - All Night Long (All Night).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqAvFx3NxUM&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

62.  Lionel Richie - Still.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzlKwOoQ4eE&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

63.  Lionel Richie- LADY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz1jrlX27kE&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

64.  lionel richie-say you say me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we0mk_J0zyc&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

65.  Madonna - Express Yourself (Live at the MTV Awards 1989).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pehMBaHgpWE&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

66.  Madonna - Like A Virgin (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s__rX_WL100&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

67.  Madonna - Open Your Heart (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snsTmi9N9Gs&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

68.  Madonna - Papa Don't Preach (Official Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G333Is7VPOg&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

69.  Men At Work - Who Can It Be Now (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SECVGN4Bsgg&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

70.  Michael Jackson - Bad (Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUXAEzaC3Q&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

71.  Michael Jackson - Billie Jean (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi_XLOBDo_Y&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

72.  Michael Jackson - Man In The Mirror (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PivWY9wn5ps&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

73.  Michael Jackson - Rock With You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5X-Mrc2l1d0&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

74.  Michael Jackson - Smooth Criminal (Official Video - Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFvENQBc-F8&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

75.  Michael Jackson - The Way You Make Me Feel (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzZ_urpj4As&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

76.  Michael Jackson - Thriller (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOnqjkJTMaA&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

77.  Modern Talking - Cheri Cheri Lady (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNvUS-6PTbs&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

78.  Modern Talking - You're My Heart, You're My Soul (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kHl4FoK1Ys&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

79.  Naughty Boy - La la la ft. Sam Smith (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3O1_3zBUKM8&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

80.  Olivia Newton-John - Physical (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWz9VN40nCA&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

81.  Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson - Say Say Say (Shreds by Flat 11).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0nEiTAAeuc&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

82.  Phil Collins - Against All Odds (Take A Look At Me Now) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuvtoyVi7vY&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

83.  Phil Collins - Another Day In Paradise (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qt2mbGP6vFI&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

84.  Phil Collins - In The Air Tonight (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkADj0TPrJA&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

85.  Phil Collins - Sussudio (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0qBaBb1Y-U&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

86.  Pink Floyd - Another Brick In The Wall (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR5ApYxkU-U&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

87.  Queen - Another One Bites the Dust (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rY0WxgSXdEE&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

88.  Queen - Crazy Little Thing Called Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO6D_BAuYCI&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

89.  REO Speedwagon - Can't Fight This Feeling (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpOULjyy-n8&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

90.  Richard Marx - Right Here Waiting (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_E2EHVxNAE&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

91.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

92.  Rick James - Super Freak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYHxGBH6o4M&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

93.  Rockwell - Somebody's Watching Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YvAYIJSSZY&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

94.  Roxette - Listen To Your Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCC_b5WHLX0&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

95.  Sailing by Christopher Cross in 1980.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMkIuKXwmlU&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

96.  Simple Minds - Don't You (Forget About Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdqoNKCCt7A&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

97.  Simply Red - Holding Back The Years (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG07WSu7Q9w&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

98.  Spandau Ballet - True (HD Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AR8D2yqgQ1U&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

99.  Starship - We Built This City (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1b8AhIsSYQ&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

100.  Survivor - Burning heart (Rocky IV) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yL3lJfpenAc&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

101.  Survivor - Eye Of The Tiger (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btPJPFnesV4&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

102.  Tears for Fears - Shout (live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aI9lo5BRJmg&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

103.  The Bangles Walk Like An Egyptian.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWP-AsG5DRk&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

104.  The Clash - Rock the Casbah (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJ9r8LMU9bQ&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

105.  The Human League - Don't You Want Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPudE8nDog0&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

106.  The Human League - Human.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1ysoohV_zA&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

107.  The Pointer Sisters - I'm So Excited.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iwBM_YB1sE&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

108.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

109.  The Rolling Stones - Start Me Up - Official Promo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGyOaCXr8Lw&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

110.  The Romantics - Talking in Your Sleep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmGMzyajA2U&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

111.  The Rose - Bette Midler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oR6okRuOLc8&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

112.  Toto - Africa (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

113.  Twisted Sister - We're Not Gonna Take It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xmckWVPRaI&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

114.  Upside Down - Michael Jackson at Diana Ross Concert (1980).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jImFqAwYV7o&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

115.  Wang Chung - Everybody Have Fun Tonight (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoXu6QmxpJE&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

116.  Wham! - Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIgZ7gMze7A&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

117.  What's Love Got to do With It by Tina Turner [Lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCBttS_y7lE&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

118.  Whitney Houston - Greatest Love Of All (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYzlVDlE72w&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

119.  Whitney Houston - How Will I Know (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3-hY-hlhBg&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR

120.  Whitney Houston - I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eH3giaIzONA&list=PL_3moN-ayKSTx9GWQtNowcjnsAoYQidwR
Billboard Top Songs of the 80's  The Best Music Videos  Billboard Hot 100  Popular 80's Hits