
1.  14th ball python clutch of 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_q9Qy6BSeQ

2.  15th Ball Python Clutch 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5F3MdMPYjQ

3.  2016 Customer Appreciation Day Announcement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpltTx3TJLo

4.  2016 Customer Appreciation Day at Pisces.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7dCy58sd-U

5.  2018 BOXING WEEK BONANZA!  Pisces Pet Emporium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFjySOghcnI

6.  2nd ball python Clutch of 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcN8_lkQJ18

7.  3 Steps for Perfect Aquarium Water.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXBiotM7DsY

8.  3rd ball python cluch of 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t--22Rwc5Ms

9.  4th Ball Python Clutch of 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIZsjcRreZs

10.  5th ball python cluch of 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7l9LNvB5gE

11.  7th ball python cluch of 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYn923n8oMo

12.  9 Year Old Pet Sulcata Tortoise!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0PT8-JVfAw

13.  ADA Aquariums Of Pisce Pet Emporium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_0-cJtMP58

14.  ADA Vuppa 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba62LDrK8h8

15.  Advanced Hedgehog Questions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiZAanwbQig

16.  ALGAE OVERGROWTH IN AQUARIUM!  Norm Q&A Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbWZRo86nvE

17.  All About BUNNIES!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=321CH1JQ-Y0

18.  Anole Basic Set-up & Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqndVdOZ4Bo

19.  AQUARIUM BASICS Installing a Power Filter!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AanvtND8cIk

20.  Aquascaping with Kyle Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DynPvmyoSlg

21.  Aquascaping with Kyle Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRbtt7hp7-M

22.  Aquascaping With Norm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7Yki0yPcoE

23.  Aquascaping with Plant Glue!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MXQRdTX2qk

24.  Aquatic Life RO & RODI Buddie Spotlight!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kz3U-68oUMQ

25.  Ashley's 120 Gallon Display Tank!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVVMQYRKazQ

26.  Ashley's 26 Gallon Display Tank!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qs0PMI9byZE

27.  Ashley's 55 Gallon Display Tank!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaa_pNMXFTc

28.  Ashley's 9 Gallon Display Tank!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctJu6sarof0

29.  Austin's 45 Gallon Display Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOEdYfSFm7E

30.  Ball Python Clutches 9 - 10 - 11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH8GamFlky0

31.  Basic Aquarium Set Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdsUAV8_F70

32.  Basic Ball Python Set Up & Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnG_g0QZBEA

33.  Basic Bearded Dragon Set Up & Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rUgd4gYf_w

34.  Basic Budgie Set-up & Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYh9BdQHO9w

35.  Basic Care for a Hermann's Tortoise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSbOQI9abKw

36.  BASIC CAVE GECKO SET-UP  Pisces Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rc75bi039HU

37.  Basic Leopard Gecko Setup & Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydw6tm-bC8A

38.  Basic Sensitive Plant Care (mimosa pudica).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9GsTHIIp3A

39.  Basic Tree Frog Setup & Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSydXNfghHo

40.  Beautiful Dart Frog Terrarium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BL0U4LTy4MY

41.  Blue Diamond x Red Marlboro Discus Fry December 7th 2012.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tf8vehbeVQU

42.  Blue Diamond x Red Marlboro Discus Fry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cQAHpdMP5E

43.  BlueFang Bark Control Collar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y8mXzImywM

44.  Chinchilla Basics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwFMUd-xrR4

45.  Chris' 20 Gallon Display Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjIQupeipl0

46.  Chris' 30 Gallon Display tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgsuezdVNqc

47.  Chris' 40 Gallon Display Tank!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eikKzX80-fs

48.  Cleaning Your Canister Filter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISMyQeWqF58

49.  CO2, and why we use it.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojPm0BIIwzg

50.  Companion Parrots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiHaQcHdXXE

51.  Complete Guide to the Seneye Reef Monitor  REEF AQUARIUM PARAMETERS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcrLDK_cYWQ

52.  Cool Clownfish Species! (Lightning Maroon & Gold Nugget).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zOfkIXcKEM

53.  Coral Basics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVTnXT9YWPk

54.  Creating a Perfect Crab Habitat!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmyZP0p5R0w

55.  Creating a Planted Aquarium - A Timelapse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RxKKuWA348

56.  Creating a Rainforest Terrarium in Timelapse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rV6Earn_klw

57.  Customer Appreciation Day 2018!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOqZUXx-C5o

58.  Customer Appreciation Day Pisces Raffle Winners!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IalouFk6_dE

59.  Dancing Bird.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MLmcogSdTY

60.  DART (PAINTED) FROG CARE GUIDE  Pisces Pet Emporium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIlKJOnsL_I

61.  Detrick's 155 Gallon Display Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwKLZvTkge4

62.  Diamondback Terrapin Set-Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LE8LFsha6tM

63.  Discus Fry Underwater Cam Dec 20th 2012..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRysMvKV0Uc

64.  Display tanks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEk777kJZ-0

65.  Dog apparel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8OZ02oDUMo

66.  Don't Miss Boxing Week 2017!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0w0RNCIJRw

67.  Exo Terra Invertabrate Habitat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAypXXvSdDk

68.  Exo-Terra Dart Frog Terrarium Overview!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLstzq2tS1k

69.  FEEDING A BABY CHAMELEON! (Slow-motion!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQ1TEkUeA3M

70.  Feeding Exotic Animals!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33psDJlZTHE

71.  Finches and Canaries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVv_4iiq32U

72.  fluval chi Pisces.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0urdmvI7fA

73.  Fluval LED Lights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIBgw-1JPmk

74.  Fossorial Arachnids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkKLB9ZG5DE

75.  Getting Your First Hedgehog!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9ShaSXBhhE

76.  GoPro Tortoise Cam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v76Vy0GnH7o

77.  Green Killing Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mf060ysOENk

78.  Hamsters Basics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zih0CBHH5nU

79.  Hedgehog Basics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChU8n1a6s28

80.  How To Build A Natural Terrarium  DIY TUTORIAL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXTX2qrYJ2o

81.  How To Build Your Own Naturalistic Water Feature Terrarium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYS5wIBApu4

82.  How to Care for the Venus Fly Trap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFg13K0HHNQ

83.  How to clean & maintain your Hang-on filters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FspRLRbvRE

84.  How to Feed Your Crested Gecko  PISCES PET EMPORIUM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhnkCGPFVRg

85.  How To Retaining Terrarium Humidity!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lj-X9bMx10k

86.  How to Set-up a Starter Turtle Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkYyCwOjEiU

87.  Improving Your Filtration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wu4Szcvievo

88.  Introducing Our New Line of Fish Food!  PETER'S FISH FOOD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GN5bGLztAVs

89.  Iongen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mL9QVunM8xE

90.  Jackson Chameleon Basic Set up & Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3z8MNcRKAiA

91.  Katrinas Pick! Winter Products and Safety.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXEgOBpy1e0

92.  Koi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IENOHFivJXg

93.  Lion Dance 2013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcTi46vGHmc

94.  lion dance 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lzv4a0Rxog

95.  Lion Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2U6uprN76Rk

96.  live food 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBylaF8YWnQ

97.  Magic Stain Remover!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArNHN7EmmdI

98.  Magic Tank Cleaner!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeWqYGqXFOc

99.  Marine Maintenance Pt.1 - The Deep Clean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Iz-Q223nGs

100.  Marine Maintenance Pt.2 - Apex, TipsMishaps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kb_GPbovI5U

101.  Marine Maintenance Pt.3 - Coral banks, Predator tanks, Par Meter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZZqcRfJMsM

102.  Most Dangerous Reptile We Sell  Q&A With Brad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSYQTA84MOA

103.  Nick's Bird Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLZ86XMP8FM

104.  Norms ADA Tank Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTuLlf2uG0w

105.  North America's Largest Pet Store!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c9fpzX7igo

106.  Oral Health for Cats and Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0j51ZItc01A

107.  Pacman Frog Terrarium Setup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GooAvS5luM

108.  Par!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KnO2uosdE4

109.  Perfect Ball Python Enclosure!  PISCES PETS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JG-GhyD1bUE

110.  PET QUESTIONS WITH KELSEY  Pisces Q&A Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KXC9XYjTWM

111.  Pisces & ARF remote Adoption Centre For Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tC0_lc1bds

112.  Pisces 2014 Plant Shipments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4L-cSrDImzQ

113.  Pisces 2018 Lion Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhyqNPRe5kQ

114.  Pisces ADA room.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwzA2PoIcDw

115.  Pisces Aquatic plant seminar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKgt8MGLpCM

116.  Pisces Easy Co2 Solotion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lLyRJwJOpM

117.  Pisces Fall Shut Down Seminar For Ponds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20VyP1Yvdrk

118.  Pisces Fluval 07 Release Party!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uot2Gd07L8U

119.  Pisces How To Adopting a Cat!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BD9itpfUljY

120.  Pisces How To Introducing Marine Life to Your Aquarium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=372DfRoaJcs

121.  Pisces How-to Assembling a CO2 System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUI55yYFBd4

122.  Pisces How-To CO2 Drop Checker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZurNYK0i3AQ

123.  Pisces How-To Planting Frog Moss.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho0IFMRjiPY

124.  Pisces How-To Proper Siphoning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3MqQUgdQU4

125.  Pisces How-to Sponge Filter Setup!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sOC4pdvseY

126.  Pisces Invertebrate Showcase!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pbzQs8aErI

127.  Pisces Live Marine Foods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo_XtiP3eOc

128.  Pisces Pet & Animal Showcase!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xof6XlPWKOw

129.  Pisces Pet Emporium Discus fry Dec 10th 2012.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S786qq18L5g

130.  Pisces Pet Emporium Discus Fry Dec 14th 2012.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwjZ_xn4VpQ

131.  Pisces Pet Emporium Fluval Spec.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lNTbFdiaW8

132.  Pisces Pet Emporium Presents Fluval Flora.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qHb7oWIy30

133.  Pisces Pet Emporium Presents Monsoon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDolM0dlwb0

134.  Pisces Pet Emporium Presents New arrival.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66AHlQ1vBao

135.  Pisces Pet Emporium, Nano Marine Tank Set Up Seminar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvCPgLEPiBA

136.  Pisces Pet Emporiums Theme Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HmpctSTcsw

137.  Pisces Products - Exo Terra Cricket Pen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDP1CkKaOZc

138.  Pisces Products Exo Terra Scorpion Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0VeQLP5wXY

139.  Pisces Products Rollin' the Hay!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WA_fPgp-dTc

140.  Pisces Products Zoo-Med Flower Topper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQQUMWYGV4g

141.  Pisces Pup Pack!  DENTAL AWARENESS MONTH.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-U9B0bWTpM

142.  Pisces' visit to Seachem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzFBJ1XA5ts

143.  Pond plants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5hyEr0Qh_k

144.  Pondovac Set-Up & Use.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgW2SNbKk2s

145.  Product View Zoo Med Terra Effects Nano LED Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFfVaI6pV4c

146.  Quick Care Thai Bamboo Rat Snake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSrpO28oRQ8

147.  Quick Tips Pond leaks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00TpiZbVWRM

148.  Rabbit Nutrition With Kelsey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hMBIH3s5po

149.  Red Knee Tarantula Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3rLMtB6gWM

150.  Red-Eyed Crocodile Skink  BASIC CARE & SET UP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GmgBGvRSW0

151.  RoboSnail Demonstration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-UvL_43lEE

152.  SAFELY Disinfecting Your Aquarium Plants!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBJWXZvkzRI

153.  SANDFISH SKINK  Basic Setup & Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOefjlWbJAI

154.  Sea Horse Basics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Cqd36BiGNE

155.  Seneye Products.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6ZWFniq5A8

156.  Setting Up a Basic Freshwater Aquarium A How-To Guide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzBNXPyXrZs

157.  Silent Spinning Hamster Wheel Test.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2ryyCap29w

158.  Solution to Low Humidity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GWptvQjp4

159.  Species Spotlight Pearly Calvus (Altolamprologus Calvus).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jek7vxjV1BQ

160.  Tarantula Care with Brad Pink toe Tarantula.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2MoyZ3lA4w

161.  Tegu Basics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wI52WO2_8mc

162.  Terrarium Thermostat Basics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YQKKQX-JH4

163.  Testing Alkalinity in your Reef Aquarium with Hanna dKH Checker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4181zjnPDCM

164.  The Tank Handover Farewell Wayne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gNV8L7uko4

165.  The ULTIMATE Paludarium Build Tutorial  DAY 1 Cleaning, Placing & Sprayfoaming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TI37bvyG88E

166.  The ULTIMATE Paludarium Build Tutorial  DAY 2 Carving & Creating a Natural Backdrop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UA45tYCgoMw

167.  The ULTIMATE Paludarium Build Tutorial  DAY 3 Decorating & Finishing Touches.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JzwtlmDWTg

168.  This Device Can Save Your Marine Tank!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6FubcxXmh8

169.  Todd & Cortez Pick a Raffle Winner!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi-dvJhPM2U

170.  Tori's Collars & Leashes!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuknf5LM4ZE

171.  Veiled Chameleon  Setup & Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnwTMO6rVk8

172.  Vip program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rqu41F8egDM

173.  VIV Shrimp Cave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASpEVF2bArM

174.  Waynes Weekly Maintenance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-4sggSlJ_w

175.  Ways To Keep Your Dog Entertained.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_FVBi7jdLw

176.  Welcome To Pisces Pet Emporium's YouTube Page.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91q0_gR_cHg

177.  What is a Planaria Trap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fL35MC5BX9E

178.  What UVB Bulb Should I Use! REPTILE BASICS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aA5_6EoCkYQ

179.  YOU CAN NOW SHOP ONLINE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hL86yqhAr8I

180.  Your First Hamster Set Up & Care!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpGM-l_93nU

181.  Your First Reptile Choosing a Substrate!  PISCES PETS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JsUxryuxjo

182.  Zilla Micro Habitat  PRODUCT REVIEW.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFAVixmqPTo

183.  Zoo Med Reptisun LED + UVB Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaGDh1EzMXA
Pisces Pets - Videos