
1.  'Twas The Night Santa Got High.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apCh0-oBsEw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

2.  90's Obstacle Course.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ug2Y90MU0Vw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

3.  A Dirty Cop's Worst Nightmare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Bn3oIgriw8&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

4.  A Message From the Skype CEO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZI0w_pwZY3E&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

5.  ABC CEO No More Racist Shows  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slT5WcWNq_s&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

6.  April Fool's on the Internet Sucks  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpdTO-E2xxo&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

7.  Are These Jedi or Scientologists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVsNNDhBhVU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

8.  Black Mirror Episodes from Medieval Times.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1aSqZ23ydk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

9.  Blockr - The App for Blocking People IRL with John Cena.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDJ2yOCoGqQ&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

10.  Boring Beer for Boring People  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etFHelvFeHE&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

11.  Christmas Elves vs. Fantasy Elves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw7dexoX4pQ&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

12.  CollegeHumor CEO Laughing Is Overrated.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nchEYmR0fOw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

13.  CollegeHumor is Shutting Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbxo-w7kT28&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

14.  CollegeHumor's Favorite Classic Videos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlITiUt7xy8&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

15.  CollegeHumor's Favorite Grant Fails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bb2O7YDhrZ8&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

16.  CollegeHumor's Favorite Guest Stars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFUYQgZwRb4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

17.  CollegeHumor's Worst Days on Set.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTEZOQ-vVO4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

18.  Comedy Sucks (with Bassem Youssef)  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fwq5lPWzirU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

19.  Defender of the Basic  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1mbbYKPpHY&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

20.  Defender of the Basic Meets The April Fool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-vcosXe2sw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

21.  Don't Trash Talk New York  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNpoplfLT1w&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

22.  Dreadlord's New Sidekick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9-enwwtnxM&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

23.  DROPOUT Is a Netflix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBG9qrEhLVA&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

24.  Eat Mayo Wherever You Go.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x24fU-Dt66o&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

25.  Eating With Your Rich Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XN-u3q3wgtA&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

26.  Every Wedding Speech Ever  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wszzgOnJ5U&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

27.  Everyone Thinks They're an Expert  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_nR5TcRWo0&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

28.  Exercise Counts More If It's Hard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nbhl6A2HIoI&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

29.  Feel Bad for the Bad Guy  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR-_pC5Zs-g&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

30.  Gag Gifts Are Worse Than Nothing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGvBaQxPFyc&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

31.  GoFundMe CEO We Could Use A Few Fun Ones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIsXEkR5OVs&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

32.  Hardware Store CEO We're Rebranding (For Some Reason).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sI1SLHEC98I&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

33.  Honest Road Trip  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFWudk6aIuU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

34.  Honest Trip to the Doctor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CP6C9oHXyEc&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

35.  How Politicians Sound When Explaining COVID Rules.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpMJjvhTi-8&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

36.  How the Internet Is Ruining Comedy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNzWb9Lu2Fs&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

37.  How To Sound Smart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkPZx6hjG7E&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

38.  I Swear I Didn’t Wreck the Bathroom  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-RfKvhT_NU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

39.  I'm Comfortable, Not Soft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihsC16UzzFE&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

40.  If Google Was a Guy (Quarantine Edition Full Series).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ag86dYOG9iM&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

41.  If Google Was a Guy Quarantine Edition (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVS5BMH-Fu4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

42.  If Google Was a Guy Quarantine Edition (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTydy0lH33k&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

43.  If Google Was a Guy Quarantine Edition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aliY82008tk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

44.  If People Acted Like They Do on Dating Apps   Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3reDBifVxzk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

45.  Infinity War of Infinite Avengers  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEMgWviJ81A&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

46.  iOS 14 More Rounded Boxes Than Ever Before.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxgg_kW3QLU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

47.  It's God's Fault We Lost the Game  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dMSvXE9Gxw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

48.  It's My Right to Hold This Turd.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4pxtiLR928&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

49.  Just One Sec.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNZbzoLkHBw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

50.  JUUL CEO No More Advertising to Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2POq39ce_5I&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

51.  Katie Goes Viral.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_kun8ydPlw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

52.  Katie Hits Rock Bottom  Kingpin Katie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZdk30imQVs&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

53.  Lazy Ghost Has SO Much Unfinished Business.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGLQY5Hl6oY&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

54.  Lie Detector  Game Changer [Full Episode].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8x-xoDeJsQ&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

55.  Lying to Have Something in Common.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fStc0oBUZ9A&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

56.  Meet Cute with a Ghost.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5ee_ElHoNM&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

57.  MoviePass CEO PLEASE DON'T CANCEL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBO_7UezpbY&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

58.  Museum of the 90's.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-paAxoElEc&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

59.  Mystery Porn Sounds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yw5FkoQcXlY&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

60.  New Year’s Fingering.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-QKpeybj8c&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

61.  Oh No, Did We Hurt Brennan's Feelings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aimQ6bH-Mw&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

62.  Oreo CEO  Stop Making New Oreos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMkYw4dp_NI&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

63.  Realistic 80s Costume Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbBqxYKxSdA&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

64.  Shut Up and Buy This iPhone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghC6t4_f18s&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

65.  Slide Into the DMs The Gameshow!  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIVrBf10rhQ&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

66.  Stop Asking Women To Talk About Being Women.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IFR2ApwRR4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

67.  Stop Ruining Rick & Morty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-KInfYzqZU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

68.  Superman's Villains Take Over Shark Tank (with Daymond John).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSp9R3DTdgQ&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

69.  The Apothecary Barista.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzkwD1LEXQ4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

70.  The Best CollegeHumor Sketches Ever (of 2019).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-O8hYbieZE&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

71.  The CH Cast’s Favorite Sketches of 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sdmJ08gz8o&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

72.  The CollegeHumor Cast (and Also Kyle) Catches Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyghEQ8N3Hg&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

73.  The Girl With a Birthday Month.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fploN6Kgcvo&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

74.  The Guy Who Needs To Win Everything  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7MBoi2m31w&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

75.  The Guy Who Won't Call In Sick  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pe9JVLEBgcc&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

76.  The Guy Who Won’t Talk About Politics   Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAEkQtB_sH0&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

77.  The Internet Goes Trick-or-Treating.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LU9vXfnh9Hs&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

78.  The News Is Just Tweets Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBD1d-NnCCQ&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

79.  The Planet of Horny Tech Support.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vi1WaBmhdVE&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

80.  The School Library Computer Game Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4daNpP2YeOU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

81.  The Super Bowl Isn't About Football.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmeXEAZ-dMk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

82.  The Truth About Football.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQtSdsR1-H8&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

83.  There's Meat Hiding in Every Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CY-w-8SuMZs&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

84.  This Year’s Hottest College Looks  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5Us-Ns6Avc&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

85.  Tide CEO Soap Isn't Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z36OznHFIt4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

86.  Tide CEO You Gotta Stop Eating Tide Pods  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFKQ7GflRkk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

87.  Tumblr CEO No More Porn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtUuab1Aqg0&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

88.  Ugh, Political Comedy is the Worst.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oz0H45F_c7c&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

89.  Venmo CEO We’re Fun!   CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWFLztKBrLY&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

90.  Voter Registration Drive LIVE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZNfeRnlue4&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

91.  What's Wrong With Being Whipped.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXp1iUf753o&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

92.  When You Don't Get Nerdy References  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sitxg0Lcz6s&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

93.  When Your Date's Apartment Sucks  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_Qq1H2ceQk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

94.  Which Book Should Trigger Our Secret Door.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RsgcAuWbP8&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

95.  Who Gets the Cool Gun  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxBB5XjeGpI&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

96.  Who Got Me Sick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnMkde3z4LY&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

97.  Who’s the Real Cop  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhQmYcugCv0&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

98.  Women Should Be SO Embarrassed!  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQMefVlBi9o&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

99.  Wow, Nobody Can Flirt With Me Anymore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1HITdR7oE_M&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

100.  You Deserve a Nobel Prize   CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrPvX1qP7BM&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

101.  You Don't Actually Need a Menu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5oL4QKb6Sk&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

102.  You're Too Sad to Argue With  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7b_0CfmQ1NU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7

103.  Your Overly Complicated Holiday Plans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHYGUcISsUU&list=PLafQVVydNFiH4EATXys623OeoIt6SMkj7
CollegeHumor Brennan Lee Mulligan