
1.  Beyond the Speed of Mind - Reincarnated
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Atma/Albums_on_Bandcamp/Beyond_the_Speed_of_Mind_-_Reincarnated/Beyond_the_Speed_of_Mind_-_Reincarnated.txt

2.  Etheric Templates
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Atma/Albums_on_Bandcamp/Etheric_Templates/Etheric_Templates.txt

3.  Grand Mast - Masta Buildas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Atma/Albums_on_Bandcamp/Grand_Mast_-_Masta_Buildas/Grand_Mast_-_Masta_Buildas.txt

4.  Island of Patmos - Masta Buildas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Atma/Albums_on_Bandcamp/Island_of_Patmos_-_Masta_Buildas/Island_of_Patmos_-_Masta_Buildas.txt

5.  Katharsis - Jewelz Infinite
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Atma/Albums_on_Bandcamp/Katharsis_-_Jewelz_Infinite/Katharsis_-_Jewelz_Infinite.txt

6.  Masta Buildas - Masta Buildas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Atma/Albums_on_Bandcamp/Masta_Buildas_-_Masta_Buildas/Masta_Buildas_-_Masta_Buildas.txt

7.  Nocturnal Light - Masta Buildas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Atma/Albums_on_Bandcamp/Nocturnal_Light_-_Masta_Buildas/Nocturnal_Light_-_Masta_Buildas.txt

8.  Reptilian Body Snatchas - Masta Buildas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Atma/Albums_on_Bandcamp/Reptilian_Body_Snatchas_-_Masta_Buildas/Reptilian_Body_Snatchas_-_Masta_Buildas.txt

9.  Soul Bendaz - Masta Buildas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Atma/Albums_on_Bandcamp/Soul_Bendaz_-_Masta_Buildas/Soul_Bendaz_-_Masta_Buildas.txt

10.  Unfuckwitable - Masta Buildas & The Templars of Hip Hop
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Atma/Albums_on_Bandcamp/Unfuckwitable_-_Masta_Buildas_&_The_Templars_of_Hip_Hop/Unfuckwitable_-_Masta_Buildas_&_The_Templars_of_Hip_Hop.txt

1.  .ahk


2.  Beyond the Speed of Mind - Reincarnated.ahk
https://atma4.bandcamp.com/album/beyond-the-speed-of-mind-reincarnated

3.  Etheric Templates.ahk
https://atma4.bandcamp.com/album/etheric-templates

4.  Jakobz Ladder Vol. 1 - ATMA & Son of Saturn.ahk
https://atma4.bandcamp.com/album/jakobz-ladder-vol-1

5.  Katharsis - Jewelz Infinite.ahk
https://atma4.bandcamp.com/album/katharsis

6.  Masta Buildas - Masta Buildas.ahk
https://atma4.bandcamp.com/album/masta-buildas

7.  Nocturnal Light - Masta Buildas.ahk
https://atma4.bandcamp.com/album/nocturnal-light

8.  Reptilian Body Snatchas - Masta Buildas.ahk
https://atma4.bandcamp.com/album/reptilian-body-snatchas

9.  The Lost Children of Babylon Present- Beyond Birth and Death.ahk
https://atma4.bandcamp.com/album/the-lost-children-of-babylon-present-beyond-birth-and-death

10.  The Tathagata Vol. 1.ahk
https://atma4.bandcamp.com/album/the-tathagata-vol-1

11.  The Tathagata Vol. 2.ahk
https://atma4.bandcamp.com/album/the-tathagata-vol-2
Albums on Bandcamp