
1.  A Flock Of Seagulls - I Ran (So Far Away) (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIpfWORQWhU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

2.  a-ha - Take On Me (Official Video) [Remastered in 4K].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djV11Xbc914&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

3.  a-ha - You Are the One (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wut994fxYA8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

4.  Alphaville - Big In Japan (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tl6u2NASUzU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

5.  Alphaville - Forever Young (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNjQXmoxiQ8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

6.  Alphaville - Sounds Like A Melody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mO3IEDRsP2Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

7.  Baltimora - Tarzan Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_r0n9Dv6XnY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

8.  Billy Idol - Eyes Without A Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OFpfTd0EIs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

9.  Bronski Beat - Smalltown Boy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88sARuFu-tc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

10.  Dead Or Alive - You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGNiXGX2nLU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

11.  Depeche Mode - Enjoy The Silence (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGSKrC7dGcY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

12.  Depeche Mode - Everything Counts (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1t-gK-9EIq4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

13.  Depeche Mode - Just Can't Get Enough (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6FBfAQ-NDE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

14.  Depeche Mode - Never Let Me Down Again (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snILjFUkk_A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

15.  Depeche Mode - Shake The Disease (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_0sL_SQYvw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

16.  Depeche Mode - Strangelove (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIrm0dHbCDU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

17.  Dream Killers Divine Love Mission in 432hz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhQcHQv0E8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

18.  Duran Duran - Save A Prayer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Uxc9eFcZyM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

19.  Eddie Murphy - Party All the Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWa-6g-TbgI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

20.  Erasure - A Little Respect (Official HD Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x34icYC8zA0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

21.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Here Comes The Rain Again (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzFnYcIqj6I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

22.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

23.  F.R. David - Words don't come easy - High Quality Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTsSk0r_Tq8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

24.  Falco - Jeanny (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Urw-iutHw5E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

25.  Filthy Rich Since I  (Lyric Music Video) 432hz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XH40eYBHW4s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

26.  Information Society - What's On Your Mind (Pure Energy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijAYN9zVnwg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

27.  Kim Wilde - Cambodia (1981) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y3TKv7Chk4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

28.  Modern Talking - Brother Louie (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp2qcCrdBLA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

29.  Modern Talking - You're My Heart, You're My Soul (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kHl4FoK1Ys&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

30.  New Order - Bizarre Love Triangle (Official Music Video) [HD Upgrade].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkOr12AQpnU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

31.  New Order - Blue Monday 88 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GMjH1nR0ds&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

32.  New Order - True Faith (1987) (Official Music Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfI1S0PKJR8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

33.  Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark - Enola Gay (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5XJ2GiR6Bo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

34.  Pet Shop Boys - It's A Sin (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRHetRTOD1Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

35.  Pet Shop Boys - West End Girls (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3j2NYZ8FKs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

36.  Queen - Radio Ga Ga (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azdwsXLmrHE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

37.  Roxy Music - More Than This.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOnde5c7OG8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

38.  Simple Minds - Don't You (Forget About Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdqoNKCCt7A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

39.  Stacey Q - Two Of Hearts (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfBdGT4dn4E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

40.  Tears For Fears - Everybody Wants To Rule The World (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGCdLKXNF3w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

41.  Tears For Fears - Shout (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye7FKc1JQe4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

42.  The Cars - Drive (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuZA6qiJVfU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

43.  The Human League - Don't You Want Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPudE8nDog0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

44.  There Must Be An Angel (Playing With My Heart) (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCdneDxFRYQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

45.  Thompson Twins - Hold Me Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9694K85Xc8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

46.  When In Rome - The Promise (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HI_xFQWiYU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL

47.  Yazoo - Don't Go (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sQGwDeambg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAKsNDquW0QoEYZle-NMmDL
80s Synth-Pop Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1980's Synth-Pop Songs