
10CC- I'm Not in love Original Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7evTsECtW_A&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Al Green - For The Good Times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2IpoTKnDPw&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Al Green - Let's Stay Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COiIC3A0ROM&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Al green-How Can You Mend A Broken Heart.wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgAFcvIw8J4&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Al Hudson & The Soul Partners - Lost Inside Of You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPuggcY6Ya0&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Al Hudson & The Soul Partners - You And Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwA9RAr8Jnk&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Al Wilson Show And Tell HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5JmAQIkvdY&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Andy gibbs - our love (don't throw it all away)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhJn_fMCL7M&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Asford and Simpson - Destiny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-N2gnfoVH0Q&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Ashford & Simpson - Send It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhgOqzylbvQ&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Average White Band ~ Love of Your Own 1976 Funk R&B Slow Jam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IESZ9mu9W5g&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Average White Band- She's A Dream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bf_f_jvdpNc&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Barbara Mason - Yes, I'm Ready
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lfuq6vp5tY&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Barry White   You turned my whole World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKT39mKZzh4&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Barry White - Girl It's True, Yes I'll Always Love You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kochGJdqvcg&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Barry White - I've Got So Much to Give (1973) - 04. I've Got So Much to Give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVF_H21yg9E&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Betcha By Golly Wow- Stylistics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alvEUFJtMw8&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Billy Paul - I Want Cha Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7oKzHDRJ_g&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Billy Stewart - Sitting In The Park
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3O1RT392fY&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Black Ivory - I'll Find A Way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnrLcjWVWEw&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Blue Magic - Maybe Just Maybe (We Can Fall in Love Again)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzmL5-5q6aM&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Blue Magic - Tear it Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHF27tAtfHs&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Blue Magic - When Ya Coming Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3J3zWXbIoo&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Bobby Womack Ft. Candi Staton - Stop Before We Start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kH_Mn8b-F8A&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Bootsy Collins - I'd Rather Be With You (1976)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nph4Ln9BX2E&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Brainstorm - This Must Be Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ke1w70f7bqA&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Brenda Russell ~ Think It Over (1979) R&B Slow Jam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDA8ZOMXcug&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Brian Bennett - Solstice (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ao5uiWUzMx4&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Cameo - Sparkle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94wBYL-SbR0&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Cause I Love You - Lenny Williams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbzkwLWK-Ps&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

CHAIN REACTION   NEVER LOSE NEVER WIN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puaoGJhz8i4&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Chapter 8 - I Just Wanna Be Your Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MW40mbx3Vg&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

CITY LIMITS  LOVE I GUESS THATS THE FOOL IN ME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcEBWpNswKo&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Commodores - Sail On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg-ivWxy5KE&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Con Funk Shun - Let Me Put Love On Your Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4B2zWSiwrc&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

D.J. Rogers - Faithful To The End
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byqlD-4n1Wg&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

DeBarge - I Like It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqaKisKIyUo&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Deep Inside Of Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQbw_cuNMPU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Delegation - Oh Honey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbMzoSVKp1Q&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Deniece Williams - Silly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcPiip-xkyw&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Dionne Warwick You're Gonna Need me 1973
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vviv-yiN3s&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Donald Byrd ft Isaac Hayes - Feel like lovin you today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJ1NnoJVIZg&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Donny Hathaway  Sunshine over showers (unreleased)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y5UvObFjQ0&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Donny Hathaway - Sack Full Of Dreams [Live] (Atlantic Records 1972)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59OykhC9tgY&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Donny Hathaway - You Were Meant For Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0MUE5ikrx8&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Dramatics - I cried all the way home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gk-ireZx7f8&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

DYNAMIC FIVE - BEAUTIFUL LADY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qpa3gughKvo&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Enchantment - Forever more
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvZMLxezQYM&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Enchantment - It's You That I Need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgF7Q48Kn9M&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

ENCHANTMENT - SUNSHINE (1976)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8_i_ONHvsw&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Enchantment - Where do we go from here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2_FY5OZkds&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Eumir Deodato - Love Island (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZgid4KgY0s&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Evelyn 'Champagne' King - I Think My Heart is Telling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDv_Lowctps&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Evelyn Champagne King-Let's Start All Over Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exHI-VKFhH0&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Family Circle - Bridge With One Side Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKLj5Im3znk&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Family Circle - If You Really Want To Make It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyQSGO0NPv8&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Fats Gaines Band ft Zorina   My Love Is Always
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYB11UVakDs&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Four Tops - Ain't No Woman (Like The One I've Got)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rK3CGdyJBrI&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Frankie Beverly's Raw Soul   While I'm Alone   Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7mi6hPp5y8&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Freddie Jackson-You Are My Lady
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqDkK1K5k4Q&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Freedom - You've Just Got To Be The One (SLOW JAM)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwZfvzb8M44&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Friends of Distinction I Really Hope You Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1JAq1N4AM4&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Gene McDaniels - Feel Like Making Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKgRPnavMHQ&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

George Duke - Someday (1975)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K22n6J3HLCU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Give Into Love by Ronnie Dyson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prCil0ELoak&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

GQ-I do love you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOKq1VmEbtc&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Heatwave  -  Sho' Nuff Must Be Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZEMY1zSi0E&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Heatwave - All You Do is Dial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lx_CzsR1uYk&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Heatwave - The Night We Fell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeQvGDoc1AI&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

HOW LUCKY I AM (Original Full-Length Album Version) - Isley Brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-POO38Sm9A&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

I Miss You  - Harold Melvin And The Bluenotes - [ LYRICS ]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ey2JUUrBFs8&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

IF I COULD SAY WHATS ON MY MIND
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APgO5_bKzVY&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

If Only For One Night - Brenda Russell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HRcA2J6SuLw&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

If You Don't Know Me By Now - Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbaSh8i5eyE&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

If you ever need to cry - Brainstorm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXrZ9v20LOI&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

IM GONNA PROVE IT - THE SOFT TONES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrRzxsHwVI0&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Isaac Hayes - Body Language (1975)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcA6HdRvGIk&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Isaac Hayes - Come live with me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blCMLjkFs8w&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Isaac Hayes - Someone Who Will Take The Place Of You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AFBErlP-LA&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

ISAAC HAYES --- A FEW MORE KISSES TO GO (1979)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRxW5xl8zw8&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Isley Brothers- Living for the Love of you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMdBs7uTLHw&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Isley Brothers-Sensuality Part 1 & 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfdJBYoKz0k&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Jackie Jackson   Love Don't Want To Leave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpDY1Cj0y-w&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Jessica Cleave -  Send A Gram
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_yBN8_VaIk&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Johnnie Taylor - I'd Rather Hurt Myself (Than To Hurt You)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4leT-9ZTHU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Johnny Hammond - Can't we Smile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDQd8dlblFA&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Joni Mitchell - Edith and the Kingpin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7FP4FEDWrA&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Joni Mitchell - Help Me  (1974)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOEE-kR-Txg&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Joni Mitchell - Shades Of Scarlet Conquering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1O3AL4c7HDQ&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Keith Barrow - If It's Love You're Looking For
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4m2ij6KbUw&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Kool And The Gang - Winter Sadness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_VzU5D-734&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Kool And The Gang - You Don't Have To Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZ3YB9pZx_U&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

L.T.D.-love ballad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZHgUQqiWDI&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

L.T.D.-We Both Deserve each Other's Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy3FBYE9KDQ&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

LABELLE  Going Down Makes Me Shiver.wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeaz28qHYrE&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Lamont Dozier - Prelude & Rose (1974)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBo1qzOO9Ek&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Leroy Hutson - I do I do (want to make love to you)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_M3o3H2dyc&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Leroy Hutson - In The Mood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn-nd56Y0RU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Leroy Hutson So In Love With You..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbIqdjEyrcA&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

LET'S FALL IN LOVE - Isley Brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlv_JLNELAk&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Linda Jones - Don't go (I can't bear to be alone)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyX68pY802I&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Linda Jones - Not On The Outside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBmgBf9Nej8&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Love Ballad - L.T.D (1976)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZDqAjQGuDE&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Love Jones (album version) The Brighter Side Of Darkness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYWXyWkZDNw&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Major Harris - Love wont let me wait
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xItIxyykXk&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Make Up For Lost Time - The Montclairs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vy59i5NbBtc&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Married Him - Junie Morrison
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCc-KZAre3Q&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Marvin Gaye - After The Dance (Instrumental)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=No6TOsf35T4&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Marvin Gaye - Come Live With Me Angel (Unedited Mix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIaxsgdTYqc&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Marvin Gaye - Please stay (Once Your Away)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lG0KN9TJTAE&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

michael henderson & jean carne-valentine love.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOWvkSZ-PMY&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Michael Henderson - Let Me Love You (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yE-L9jQZvZY&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Michael Jackson - Off The Wall - I Can't Help It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnhWML43NI8&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Minnie Riperton - Les Fleurs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1kDd6yBQZ4&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

My Flame - Bobby Caldwell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hK6IgvZ0CY&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

NATURAL FOUR   CAN THIS BE REAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiGfUOfYEUM&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

New Birth - Been Such A Long Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSypJFVdWWA&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

New Birth - Your Love Is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHcHuke5Res&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

NORMAN CONNORS Featuring Miss ADARITHA - INVITATION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2OLFbWEod0&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

O'Jays - Cry Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9yRGwRQ1xU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

O'Jays - Let me make love to you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91fONPRAt4o&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

O'jays - Stairway to heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erZmWwDKwrU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

One Way - Guess You Didn't Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Khn7Jmp-5-s&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

PAGES - Who s Right, Who s Wrong(vinyl)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVsuHrfnN_k&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Patrice Rushen - Didn't You Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaR2rlIUQ0E&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Peabo Bryson - I'm So Into You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-MEM_NP9n0&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Peter Brown - Without Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtQubyB1CtQ&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Player - Baby Come Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn-enjcgV1o&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Randy Brown - I'd Rather Hurt Myself (Then To Hurt You).wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8wvfq7_2mU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Rick James & Teena Marie - Fire and Desire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPikYsi6_zU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Rick James - When Love Is Gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YccbjMnHECM&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Rose Royce - I Wanna Get Next To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EO1nfSCKrU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Rozetta Johnson - Who Are You Gonna Love (Your Woman Or Your Wife)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hYjrqb1TUg&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Rufus & Chaka Khan - Everlasting Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNtI8LMp0UU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Samantha Sang - Emotion (w The Bee Gees) [with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHSQbftDD8I&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Smokey Robinson & The Miracles - Ooh Baby Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uThnUmWRCCs&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Smokey Robinson - Cruisin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwiwEdTZ-7c&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Smokey Robinson - Daylight and Darkness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CV_ohjTZV4A&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Smokey Robinson - Quiet Storm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4v1GfHWFk1Y&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Smokey Robinson - The Agony And The Ecstasy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMA2pDXZGOI&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

So Good So Right by Brenda Russell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RkHAv9sn7o&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Staple Singers - Let's Do It Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIS4P8xbPtg&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Stevie Wonder - Lookin' For Another Pure Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0a1Jus6hlls&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Stevie Wonder - Superwoman (Where Were You When I Needed You)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2lNf2WHxeI&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Stevie Wonder - You've Got It Bad Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P59RrAHuTYU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Stylus - Hangin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTR4Qcy0jqc&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Switch - I Call Your Name
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeUG-xWj1IQ&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Switch - I Wanna Be Closer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8q5bSPkci8&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Switch - There'll never be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLKkkOoszAA&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Sylvia & The Moments-Sho Nuff Boogie Part II
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcyZ-HPUVmY&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Teddy Pendergrass - Close The Door (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DJk7h6uLZw&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Blackbyrds   Love So Fine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOQi2dNH5OQ&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Chi-lites Have you seen her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVYxKRXDT2I&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Delfonics-Didnt I Blow Your Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvsVVexIYtY&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Dramatics - Fell For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYDWqayu5HU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Dramatics- Thank You For Your Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qIyBNaECIU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Emotions  -  Show Me How
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsJk5uCeN-o&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Emotions - Love Is Right On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4vC9XQNtdM&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

THE ESCORTS - I CAN'T STAND (to see you cry)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_u0luNL3tos&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Floaters - Float On [Long Version]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myV5GSJUR5s&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Fuzz I Love You For All Seasons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiLRxqRcXLs&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Independents - Baby I've Been Missing You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eStQkHoTZjA&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Isley Brothers - Make Me Say it Again girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHH_EMeRjGA&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Jackson 5 - If I Have to Move a Mountain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZpvaAYtTjM&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Jacksons Push Me Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53aFJsj37Ws&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Manhattans - Am I losing you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCk02XoA-VE&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Moments - Next Time I See You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9PAI1BOwVU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Montclairs - Beggin' Is Hard To Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtZC8AS4QyA&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The O'Jays   Cry Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mM-3CDWvH5A&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

the o'jays - hurry up come back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXnNpi-ENKA&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The O'Jays-Help (Somebody Please)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnqAQdkp7q0&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Persuaders - Thin Line between Love & Hate - Video (High Quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULuHJgCos7A&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Persuaders - Trying Girls Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZtbt9oy038&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Spinners - Could It Be I'm Falling In Love (1973) (HDTV)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EU4UTDrSwQc&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Stylistics   Break Up to Make Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaonIOw58Yo&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Stylistics - Break Up to Make Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmJbMmREGHs&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Stylistics - Children Of The Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9HgE7ENTyY&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Stylistics - Payback Is A Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_iRv8U9Suo&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Stylistics - People Make The World Go Round.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExWtwDYwOQU&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The stylistics - You are everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZILgIoNIDT8&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Stylistics - You're A Big Girl Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWqcMhv_Hts&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Stylistics You Make Me Feel Brand New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yu1Ezr1YEoY&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Sylvers-Forever Yours(1978)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWAM8YfUh_4&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Temptations - Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me) HD (1528271)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5Z9-QCmZyw&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Temptations - Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5Z9-QCmZyw&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

THE WHATNAUTS- I'LL ERASE AWAY YOUR PAIN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euSVtelwD_Q&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

The Whispers - And the Beat Goes On (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slldMEPvUqA&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Todd Rundgren - Hello It's Me  (1972)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLeCB7Kn-VE&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Tom Brock - There's Nothing In This World That Can Stop Me From Loving You (Slayd5000)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_xzXL2kJnE&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Tyrone Davis - Be With Me (1979)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhLY_okAqUI&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Tyrone Davis..A Woman Needs To Be Loved
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wrpgmHth5I&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Valerie Simpson - Silly Wasn't I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a1ToHyNibs&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Vicki Sue Robinson - Hope your feelings are like mine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hh003kZWKyo&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

Vykki (Isaac Hayes)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBT421CEk00&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

WAR - All Day Music (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coHUt4si8Oo&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

WAR ~ The World Is A Ghetto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKKMdmPBWRk&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

WELDON IRVINE- MORNING SUNRISE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EuQGnOUXog&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

WHAT'S  YOUR NAME -  THE MOMENTS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_YlPytfyt8&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud

YOU'RE THE KEY TO MY HEART  YOU'RE BESIDE ME (Original Full-Length Album Version) - Isley Brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGUXHpuQINE&list=PLiDdRdBIU0R_m5LL-9NZAl_0gsRVKA3Ud
R&B 70'S SLOW JAMS