
14 Cool Apps Built on OpenAI's GPT-3 API.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6Z_S6hs29s

GPT 3 Demo and Explanation - An AI revolution from OpenAI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8psgEDhT1MM

GPT-3 - explained in layman terms..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SboKeK6FFHQ

GPT-3 bottleneck is training data  François Chollet and Lex Fridman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyPMS3Gvdko

GPT-3 Demo New AI Algorithm Changes How We Interact With Technology.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8V20HkoiNtc

GPT-3 is only the beginning of AGI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8e1Wle14laE

GPT-3 is over-hyped  George Hotz and Lex Fridman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BcqU9VF8zI

GPT-3 Predicts the 2020 Presidential Election Results.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3mep3VZm7o

GPT-3 predicts the zombie apocalypse  Grant Sanderson and Lex Fridman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZzQmS0mRK0

GPT-3 vs Human Brain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpiY_LemaTc

GPT-3 WROTE THIS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eplfCWLNj4

GPT-3 Your New Lifelong Companion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqsuhWNesso

GPT3 An Even Bigger Language Model - Computerphile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8yVOC4ciXc

Hacking with OpenAI GPT-3  Hacking Without Humans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7WOn8seVIk

I got access to GPT-3 from OpenAI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sz8QFfI6RA

OpenAI GPT-3 - Good At Almost Everything! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_x9AwxfjxvE

OpenAI GPT-3 Beginners Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9g66yO0Jues

Real, Live GPT-3 Apps You Can Use.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQLuqOogQnU

this text generation AI is INSANE (GPT-3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQnLwUfwgyA

What GPT-3 Means for Developers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yg3C38P5EkA

What It's Like To be a Computer An Interview with GPT-3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqbB07n_uQ4

What It's Like To be an AI An Interview with GPT-3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bb4rZrTniOo

Why GPT-3 changes everything (and how it works).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLE0b8_OQMk
2021 GPT-3