
1.  Billy Joel & Alexa Ray Joel - New York State Of Mind (Live At MSG - Feb. 14, 2019).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZgB5rRhs-k&pp=sAQA

2.  Billy Joel & Boyz II Men - The Longest Time (Live At Citizens Bank Park - August 2, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jDuyUgN0U0&pp=sAQA

3.  Billy Joel & Guests - Piano Man (Gershwin Prize - November 19, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8F4MYJIC1sU&pp=sAQA

4.  Billy Joel & Itzhak Perlman - The Downeaster 'Alexa' (MSG - March 9, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhijZuIWNUA&pp=sAQA

5.  Billy Joel & Mike DelGuidice - River Of DreamsTush (Dallas - January 22, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEJqMDC4SU8&pp=sAQA

6.  Billy Joel 'A Matter Of Trust The Bridge To Russia' Fan Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qNGBEvOXnY&pp=sAQA

7.  Billy Joel 'Bridge to Russia' Screening Q&A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taAKl6hmVQU&pp=sAQA

8.  Billy Joel - 'Pressure' & Banner Presentation (Syracuse - March 20, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wum1Pu1xxkU&pp=sAQA

9.  Billy Joel - 20th Century Cycles - Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMcJUVEjOGo&pp=sAQA

10.  Billy Joel - 20th Century Cycles - Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnfBbjnf6BM&pp=sAQA

11.  Billy Joel - 20th Century Cycles - Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0UqyYmlk5w&pp=sAQA

12.  Billy Joel - 52nd Street (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6sEc_WsoeA&pp=sAQA

13.  Billy Joel - A Hard Day's Night (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdpoASVph2A&pp=sAQA

14.  Billy Joel - A Matter of Trust (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fGHuwWMZ1w&pp=sAQA

15.  Billy Joel - A Matter of Trust (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YT1ExN7ugxw&pp=sAQA

16.  Billy Joel - A Matter of Trust (Live at Yankee Stadium, 1990).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imOOwtVSH74&pp=sAQA

17.  Billy Joel - A Matter of Trust (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yYchgX1fMw&pp=sAQA

18.  Billy Joel - A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia Documentary (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=br1Ddw0tNAM&pp=sAQA

19.  Billy Joel - A Minor Variation (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PtSIJwXhqY&pp=sAQA

20.  Billy Joel - A Piece of History - The Bridge to Russia (Documentary Extras).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWxeldIMqM0&pp=sAQA

21.  Billy Joel - A Room of Our Own (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDZdNz7Wg0Y&pp=sAQA

22.  Billy Joel - Ain't No Crime (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccddnwWq-ZM&pp=sAQA

23.  Billy Joel - Ain't No Crime (from Old Grey Whistle Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhLz1jkS_24&pp=sAQA

24.  Billy Joel - All About Soul (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVSxWCosMM0&pp=sAQA

25.  Billy Joel - All About Soul (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSvomXlbTUM&pp=sAQA

26.  Billy Joel - All For Leyna (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhIx7EaTido&pp=sAQA

27.  Billy Joel - All for Leyna (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzE1-NlOthY&pp=sAQA

28.  Billy Joel - All My Life (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkmj6_hufko&pp=sAQA

29.  Billy Joel - All Shook Up (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsktHpH5QGk&pp=sAQA

30.  Billy Joel - All You Wanna Do Is Dance (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAHl4C4Jk0g&pp=sAQA

31.  Billy Joel - Allentown (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BopLuwJJEkY&pp=sAQA

32.  Billy Joel - Allentown (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZJbWLkyG_A&pp=sAQA

33.  Billy Joel - Allentown (Live from Long Island).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzmAlG2z-uE&pp=sAQA

34.  Billy Joel - Allentown (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BW4HQYB70B8&pp=sAQA

35.  Billy Joel - Allentown (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHnJp0oyOxs&pp=sAQA

36.  Billy Joel - An Innocent Man (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQCWY5ynBaw&pp=sAQA

37.  Billy Joel - And So It Goes (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zo-QhF-aMFA&pp=sAQA

38.  Billy Joel - And So It Goes (Miami - January 31, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJJS5ser3k0&pp=sAQA

39.  Billy Joel - And So It Goes (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHO6a2H-pqY&pp=sAQA

40.  Billy Joel - Baby Grand (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfH2e9EYeQA&pp=sAQA

41.  Billy Joel - Baby Grand (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8qz4EjvmRU&pp=sAQA

42.  Billy Joel - Baby Grand (Official Video) ft. Ray Charles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUNOmN3YVL0&pp=sAQA

43.  Billy Joel - Back In the U.S.S.R. (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ef7RrAIkDo&pp=sAQA

44.  Billy Joel - Back In the USSR (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42Tah0DCubg&pp=sAQA

45.  Billy Joel - Big Man On Mulberry St (Jazz Fest 2013 @AXSTV).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P38_0LNywrQ&pp=sAQA

46.  Billy Joel - Big Man On Mulberry Street (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6u8GnHTiuJk&pp=sAQA

47.  Billy Joel - Big Man on Mulberry Street (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REfO518wnuE&pp=sAQA

48.  Billy Joel - Big Shot (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhF8AgBR8hM&pp=sAQA

49.  Billy Joel - Big Shot (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxcLnplW7rw&pp=sAQA

50.  Billy Joel - Big Shot (Live From Long Island - Nassau Coliseum Dec. 29, 1982).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3njdyDAUuVw&pp=sAQA

51.  Billy Joel - Big Shot (Live from Long Island).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EtTuYlhiLU&pp=sAQA

52.  Billy Joel - Big Shot (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcbiYLkxtyY&pp=sAQA

53.  Billy Joel - Big Shot (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEea624OBzM&pp=sAQA

54.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel & 12.12.12 The Concert for Sandy Relief (Live from MSG).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBplf9r7BD8&pp=sAQA

55.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on 52ND STREET - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSi3qkFjAKw&pp=sAQA

56.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on AN INNOCENT MAN - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cf0s-YfTpw4&pp=sAQA

57.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on COLD SPRING HARBOR - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MLyrPdjxto&pp=sAQA

58.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on FANTASIES & DELUSIONS - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pZhUMT3mdQ&pp=sAQA

59.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on GLASS HOUSES - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPe9EEOTCJE&pp=sAQA

60.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on PIANO MAN - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGcgHdUVtxM&pp=sAQA

61.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on RIVER OF DREAMS - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31TIbOlm9kM&pp=sAQA

62.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on SONGS IN THE ATTIC - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7B1aioVR56w&pp=sAQA

63.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on STORM FRONT - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjwuqV9j6wo&pp=sAQA

64.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on STREETLIFE SERENADE - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUAOWfgLwZA&pp=sAQA

65.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on THE BRIDGE - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sopfTaicKWo&pp=sAQA

66.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on The NYLON CURTAIN - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pqc4U8uWTRU&pp=sAQA

67.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on THE STRANGER - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sm5-oQNENnM&pp=sAQA

68.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel on TURNSTILES - from THE COMPLETE ALBUMS COLLECTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tI7WNCqLrWA&pp=sAQA

69.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel THE HITS Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT_Y2wfLBbc&pp=sAQA

70.  Billy Joel - Billy Joel – New York State Of Mind (Sinatra School 2013).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFsnMl3UqIA&pp=sAQA

71.  Billy Joel - Billy Through the Years.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcb2vD8Pfms&pp=sAQA

72.  Billy Joel - Blonde Over Blue (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75TlfVROTIg&pp=sAQA

73.  Billy Joel - Building the Bridge (The Bridge EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaqSg9eYqIc&pp=sAQA

74.  Billy Joel - C'etait Toi (You Were the One) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um9Cxp87nmw&pp=sAQA

75.  Billy Joel - Captain Jack (Audio) (1841745).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koft_Yschnc&pp=sAQA

76.  Billy Joel - Captain Jack (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hO_x_YcJZk&pp=sAQA

77.  Billy Joel - Captain Jack (from Tonight - Connecticut 1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9P3K0ICCtBw&pp=sAQA

78.  Billy Joel - Careless Talk (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD18zj1UYDY&pp=sAQA

79.  Billy Joel - Christie Lee (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ru-gkHHwDb4&pp=sAQA

80.  Billy Joel - Close to the Borderline (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1fntXx2I4s&pp=sAQA

81.  Billy Joel - Code of Silence (Audio) ft. Cyndi Lauper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niIWtw-70Lo&pp=sAQA

82.  Billy Joel - Come All Ye Faithful (MSG - December 18, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Dyg9cvP8JU&pp=sAQA

83.  Billy Joel - Credits (Live at Yankee Stadium, 1990).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EdLXe6BfYU&pp=sAQA

84.  Billy Joel - Deep In The Heart Of Texas (Dallas - January 22, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gNzcQ1LHF0&pp=sAQA

85.  Billy Joel - Don't Ask Me Why (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwSWEJmQgkE&pp=sAQA

86.  Billy Joel - Don't Worry Baby (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83i1cfeeJhs&pp=sAQA

87.  Billy Joel - Easy Money (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdGzzfQ52TQ&pp=sAQA

88.  Billy Joel - Elvis Presley Boulevard (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5bH-qg7QFY&pp=sAQA

89.  Billy Joel - Emma Stanganelli Sings Boston State Of Mind (Fenway Park June 26, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYMHfeNhQ_s&pp=sAQA

90.  Billy Joel - Everybody Has a Dream (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S129T9kav8I&pp=sAQA

91.  Billy Joel - Everybody Loves You Now (Audio) (1361053).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ypmx0hpgxkc&pp=sAQA

92.  Billy Joel - Everybody Loves You Now (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9X6vDpwBY9Q&pp=sAQA

93.  Billy Joel - Everybody Loves You Now (Live at Sparks, 1981).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2zjVszdiXA&pp=sAQA

94.  Billy Joel - Eye of the Storm (Storm Front EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55uKCWTlHsI&pp=sAQA

95.  Billy Joel - Falling Of The Rain (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHxfwE1SkZc&pp=sAQA

96.  Billy Joel - Famous Last Words (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEtcu-l9wDo&pp=sAQA

97.  Billy Joel - First Morning - The Bridge to Russia (Documentary Extras).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=467MIjH5yJY&pp=sAQA

98.  Billy Joel - Get It Right the First Time (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccdC_EPih2E&pp=sAQA

99.  Billy Joel - Getting Closer (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLsXrgtalbA&pp=sAQA

100.  Billy Joel - Goodnight Saigon (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghllgDOV8uA&pp=sAQA

101.  Billy Joel - Goodnight Saigon (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bTpCMmmgos&pp=sAQA

102.  Billy Joel - Goodnight Saigon (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnEGl18TZwA&pp=sAQA

103.  Billy Joel - Goodnight Saigon (Nationals Park July 26, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDKuJ3UWmDc&pp=sAQA

104.  Billy Joel - Goodnight Saigon (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qjzjhl-QztE&pp=sAQA

105.  Billy Joel - Got to Begin Again (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKA7y0iKHWA&pp=sAQA

106.  Billy Joel - Half A Mile Away (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfPgEpkbJhY&pp=sAQA

107.  Billy Joel - Handball (from Tonight - Connecticut 1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZN5vYPv5kKs&pp=sAQA

108.  Billy Joel - Happy Holidays (MSG - December 18, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOyeRqdUlZI&pp=sAQA

109.  Billy Joel - Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas (MSG - December 18, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_3DHNeAuO8&pp=sAQA

110.  Billy Joel - Heartbreak Hotel (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGqiX8fB6A4&pp=sAQA

111.  Billy Joel - Hey Girl (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPuaDF4Puvk&pp=sAQA

112.  Billy Joel - Hey Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMfLKrGvCzI&pp=sAQA

113.  Billy Joel - Ho Ho Ho Greeting (MSG - December 18, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPptutXQdPs&pp=sAQA

114.  Billy Joel - Honesty (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4gOIt-M02A&pp=sAQA

115.  Billy Joel - Honesty (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24FUtxigtjs&pp=sAQA

116.  Billy Joel - Honesty (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuFScoO4tb0&pp=sAQA

117.  Billy Joel - House Of Blue Light (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ccx6Osu1x34&pp=sAQA

118.  Billy Joel - I Don't Want to be Alone (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhn4mH3uA1A&pp=sAQA

119.  Billy Joel - I Go to Extremes (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BpSgZC2BkU&pp=sAQA

120.  Billy Joel - I Go To Extremes (from Live at Yankee Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnHDByuf1Ps&pp=sAQA

121.  Billy Joel - I Go to Extremes (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMegExKstdM&pp=sAQA

122.  Billy Joel - I Go to Extremes (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xgjtm4_M20&pp=sAQA

123.  Billy Joel - I'll Cry Instead (AudioLive).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWxCNfEr66w&pp=sAQA

124.  Billy Joel - I've Loved These Days (Audio) (1827492).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSQkkiD-x8k&pp=sAQA

125.  Billy Joel - I've Loved These Days (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBW7jfCA-wU&pp=sAQA

126.  Billy Joel - If I Only Had the Words (To Tell You) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQjb9IA2_Co&pp=sAQA

127.  Billy Joel - In a Sentimental Mood (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ej9hYC1-_RI&pp=sAQA

128.  Billy Joel - Innocent Man (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVT3UPrUWQM&pp=sAQA

129.  Billy Joel - It's Still Rock & Roll to Me (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwLqOP4fhrU&pp=sAQA

130.  Billy Joel - It's Still Rock And Roll To Me (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEm3Kx7bAxo&pp=sAQA

131.  Billy Joel - It's Still Rock and Roll to Me (Live from Long Island).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngPI9ySYIUU&pp=sAQA

132.  Billy Joel - It's Still Rock and Roll to Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eAQa4MOGkE&pp=sAQA

133.  Billy Joel - James (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLsOIpCbf-g&pp=sAQA

134.  Billy Joel - James (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HXjtlDjdP4&pp=sAQA

135.  Billy Joel - Joe Cocker Tribute (Madison Square Garden - September 17, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrlLsH8FFng&pp=sAQA

136.  Billy Joel - Joe Cocker Tribute (Orlando - Dec. 31, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4XTfcouZIs&pp=sAQA

137.  Billy Joel - Just The Way You Are (from Old Grey Whistle Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkuJJsApACc&pp=sAQA

138.  Billy Joel - Just the Way You Are (Live 1977) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJWM5FmZyqU&pp=sAQA

139.  Billy Joel - Just The Way You Are (Live From Long Island).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTGyOKdgRN8&pp=sAQA

140.  Billy Joel - Just the Way You Are (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaA3YZ6QdJU&pp=sAQA

141.  Billy Joel - Keeping the Faith (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBUj8TPWE9E&pp=sAQA

142.  Billy Joel - Keeping the Faith (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ph7oZnBH05s&pp=sAQA

143.  Billy Joel - Last Of The Big Time Spenders (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VhcQiqwTp4&pp=sAQA

144.  Billy Joel - Last Play at Shea Movie Premiere at Citi Field.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVXHOlBls-s&pp=sAQA

145.  Billy Joel - Laura (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALp9rfnPJ8c&pp=sAQA

146.  Billy Joel - Leave a Tender Moment Alone (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHpIC4Kk0MU&pp=sAQA

147.  Billy Joel - Leningrad (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r45dbYnldMs&pp=sAQA

148.  Billy Joel - Leningrad (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQWfmP2d_TA&pp=sAQA

149.  Billy Joel - Leningrad (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgD_-dRZPgs&pp=sAQA

150.  Billy Joel - Light As The Breeze (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dX53Cy7lwZc&pp=sAQA

151.  Billy Joel - Live at Shea Stadium Trailer (Clean Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aq870ttUeD0&pp=sAQA

152.  Billy Joel - Live Through the Years.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkeRL9ZkLXc&pp=sAQA

153.  Billy Joel - Longest Time (Target Center Minneapolis, MN May 16, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBI7oJ5DiXE&pp=sAQA

154.  Billy Joel - Los Angelenos (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wo2TKojbMN8&pp=sAQA

155.  Billy Joel - Los Angelenos (Audio1980).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPHPS4KdUCg&pp=sAQA

156.  Billy Joel - Los Angelenos (Live at Sparks, 1981).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuIvYrKsvnM&pp=sAQA

157.  Billy Joel - Lullabye (Goodnight, My Angel) (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gav66byYJMw&pp=sAQA

158.  Billy Joel - Lullabye (Goodnight, My Angel) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcnd55tLCv8&pp=sAQA

159.  Billy Joel - Miami 2017 (Live at Jazz Fest 2013 from @AXSTV).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUY8UQ77viI&pp=sAQA

160.  Billy Joel - Miami 2017 (Miami - January 31, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMUvA5tne_g&pp=sAQA

161.  Billy Joel - Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coYwBvysy3Q&pp=sAQA

162.  Billy Joel - Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway) (Live at Yank....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBPbOjA_cWg&pp=sAQA

163.  Billy Joel - Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway) [Audio1980].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isG3qkQXBic&pp=sAQA

164.  Billy Joel - Modern Woman (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDjFI3kbxuo&pp=sAQA

165.  Billy Joel - Movin' Out (Anthony's Song) (from Old Grey Whistle Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nfEYV7nWc0&pp=sAQA

166.  Billy Joel - Movin' Out (Anthony's Song) (Live from Long Island).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMsOH16tkaY&pp=sAQA

167.  Billy Joel - Movin' Out (Gershwin Prize - November 19, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsG8L96LBug&pp=sAQA

168.  Billy Joel - My Life (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVX80UpMPDI&pp=sAQA

169.  Billy Joel - My Life (Live from Long Island).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tka4DQGx7zc&pp=sAQA

170.  Billy Joel - My Life (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pm6hEU90G3A&pp=sAQA

171.  Billy Joel - My Life (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3JFEfdK_Ls&pp=sAQA

172.  Billy Joel - My Life (Sprint Center Kansas City, MO - May 1, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIy8zlJYols&pp=sAQA

173.  Billy Joel - New York State of Mind (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5LkGKJDc3Q&pp=sAQA

174.  Billy Joel - New York State Of Mind (from Live at Yankee Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klyfE6M4GhY&pp=sAQA

175.  Billy Joel - New York State Of Mind (from Old Grey Whistle Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iM4LzEcaTK0&pp=sAQA

176.  Billy Joel - New York State of Mind (from Tonight - Connecticut 1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3-fsV23VUQ&pp=sAQA

177.  Billy Joel - No Man's Land (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duQIG2nKEH8&pp=sAQA

178.  Billy Joel - No Man's Land (Live From Boston Garden, 1993).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rtqo8AO6daw&pp=sAQA

179.  Billy Joel - No Man's Land (Live from The River of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0lcOn4dHGE&pp=sAQA

180.  Billy Joel - Nobody Knows But Me (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRaD3Ej3Xo0&pp=sAQA

181.  Billy Joel - Nocturne (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGZygankv-w&pp=sAQA

182.  Billy Joel - Nocturne (from Tonight - Connecticut 1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy8_S-uTE8Q&pp=sAQA

183.  Billy Joel - NY State of Mind - The Bridge to Russia (Documentary Extras).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUrTo1U5cHg&pp=sAQA

184.  Billy Joel - Only the Good Die Young (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BC-n7HDGEeI&pp=sAQA

185.  Billy Joel - Only The Good Die Young (from Old Grey Whistle Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46n1WSuaxOs&pp=sAQA

186.  Billy Joel - Only the Good Die Young (Live From Boston Garden, 1993).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaS6-meMDdE&pp=sAQA

187.  Billy Joel - Only the Good Die Young (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Crif5E67ar0&pp=sAQA

188.  Billy Joel - Opening (Live at Yankee Stadium, 1990).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4v2_KPkcrs&pp=sAQA

189.  Billy Joel - Opening Montage (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAvVBS_KOlg&pp=sAQA

190.  Billy Joel - Piano Man (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwVjTlTdIDQ&pp=sAQA

191.  Billy Joel - Piano Man (from Live at Shea Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Ict7HVYlFs&pp=sAQA

192.  Billy Joel - Piano Man (from Live at Yankee Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pyuiLl6h-E&pp=sAQA

193.  Billy Joel - Piano Man (from Tonight - Connecticut 1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eD9d7gOLhF4&pp=sAQA

194.  Billy Joel - Piano Man (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xONCQCD3-zU&pp=sAQA

195.  Billy Joel - Piano Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxEPV4kolz0&pp=sAQA

196.  Billy Joel - PopSpots Billy Joel's Turnstiles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eQazVsUk5c&pp=sAQA

197.  Billy Joel - Pre-production (documentary outtake).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SM7IhyEBnVA&pp=sAQA

198.  Billy Joel - Prelude  Angry Young Man (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2iNLt_hUZg&pp=sAQA

199.  Billy Joel - Prelude  Angry Young Man (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkUZGt7MhBE&pp=sAQA

200.  Billy Joel - Prelude  Angry Young Man (from Tonight - Connecticut 1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgyyFmDZrFA&pp=sAQA

201.  Billy Joel - PreludeAngry Young Man (from Live at Shea Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJf7_5vH1WE&pp=sAQA

202.  Billy Joel - PreludeAngry Young Man (Live from Long Island).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUp9RuUSdvM&pp=sAQA

203.  Billy Joel - Pressure (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Z5WdSL0BK0&pp=sAQA

204.  Billy Joel - Pressure (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNu3dX3oQQU&pp=sAQA

205.  Billy Joel - Pressure (from Live at Yankee Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2msgmTl4szE&pp=sAQA

206.  Billy Joel - Pressure (Live from Long Island).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5vPGDBPFZs&pp=sAQA

207.  Billy Joel - Pressure (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oupnEyd2Jp4&pp=sAQA

208.  Billy Joel - Pressure (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iyv905Q2omU&pp=sAQA

209.  Billy Joel - Q&A Alexander Joel Asks For One More Song (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwtGfpQ1tUo&pp=sAQA

210.  Billy Joel - Q&A Any Stumbling Blocks Along The Way (Five Towns 1992).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUE84yADeJ8&pp=sAQA

211.  Billy Joel - Q&A Are People Born With Musical Talent (UPenn 2001).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZ8v2FfE5_E&pp=sAQA

212.  Billy Joel - Q&A Are You Writing And Recording (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mzzq3PPcGyU&pp=sAQA

213.  Billy Joel - Q&A Billy's Father Joins Him On Stage (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kjvx1WN9-Q0&pp=sAQA

214.  Billy Joel - Q&A Can I Play On New York State Of Mind (Vanderbilt 2013).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htZnpnoHGgY&pp=sAQA

215.  Billy Joel - Q&A Cold Spring Harbor Problem (Hobart & William 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCxAr69kLv8&pp=sAQA

216.  Billy Joel - Q&A Compare America And Europe (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WW14G30GkWM&pp=sAQA

217.  Billy Joel - Q&A Could You Write A Piece Of Music Now (CW Post 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfULvG2nAu0&pp=sAQA

218.  Billy Joel - Q&A Did You Ever Consider Being A Teacher (Fairfield 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5Hd5Z_7NxA&pp=sAQA

219.  Billy Joel - Q&A Did You Ever Feel Like Quitting (MTV Night School 1982).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_u5hhG3Bms&pp=sAQA

220.  Billy Joel - Q&A Do You Ever Get Stage Fright (MTV Night School 1982).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYG84aFqJPg&pp=sAQA

221.  Billy Joel - Q&A Do You Ever Miss Being Anonymous (MTV Night School 1982).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smxOEfagBK8&pp=sAQA

222.  Billy Joel - Q&A Do You Like Covers Of Your Songs (Florida State 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkCJQlZHz8s&pp=sAQA

223.  Billy Joel - Q&A Do You Like Garth Brooks' Shameless (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zslo3qO3Nuw&pp=sAQA

224.  Billy Joel - Q&A Do You Like When Audiences Sing (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SY8JMOOtqTA&pp=sAQA

225.  Billy Joel - Q&A Do You Sing And Write With Alexa (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykDyJjk6ZGw&pp=sAQA

226.  Billy Joel - Q&A Do You Write Your Video Scripts (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Smax4BejPYc&pp=sAQA

227.  Billy Joel - Q&A Does Technique Reach Larger Audiences (Berklee 1992).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCE_Isz5X1Q&pp=sAQA

228.  Billy Joel - Q&A Ever Afraid Of Being In Public (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7BA-k2aHbM&pp=sAQA

229.  Billy Joel - Q&A Ever Consider Becoming An Actor (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPoYuhK2g20&pp=sAQA

230.  Billy Joel - Q&A Explain A Comment About The Press (Fairfield 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2d-GkXE3nU&pp=sAQA

231.  Billy Joel - Q&A Give Us A Sneak Preview Of New Music (Hofstra 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmLhONf1UhY&pp=sAQA

232.  Billy Joel - Q&A Gloria In The River Of Dreams (Florida State 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBdPF9kjPU0&pp=sAQA

233.  Billy Joel - Q&A Have You Ever Rewritten Your Songs (Berklee 1992).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJOXOT7ae7o&pp=sAQA

234.  Billy Joel - Q&A Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas (Lowell 2011).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f98yqi9lCwY&pp=sAQA

235.  Billy Joel - Q&A How Can Artists Attract Interest (New School 1985).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlve9UsGek0&pp=sAQA

236.  Billy Joel - Q&A How Did Paul McCartney Join You (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lTr2SumBgA&pp=sAQA

237.  Billy Joel - Q&A How Did The Shea Movie Get Started (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5F6UPqH4W4&pp=sAQA

238.  Billy Joel - Q&A How Did You Survive Hicksville (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57j6dgTTcv4&pp=sAQA

239.  Billy Joel - Q&A How Do You Feel About Piano Man  (Fairfield 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzQkFoUHlqA&pp=sAQA

240.  Billy Joel - Q&A How Do You Feel About Shea Movie (Hamptions 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgeXg86gclc&pp=sAQA

241.  Billy Joel - Q&A How Do You Feel About Song Lyrics (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYJv_T-CZNY&pp=sAQA

242.  Billy Joel - Q&A How Do You Get Ideas From Dreams (Five Towns 1992).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sluKJTuEStU&pp=sAQA

243.  Billy Joel - Q&A How Do You View Germany Today (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFq-5Q64xqA&pp=sAQA

244.  Billy Joel - Q&A How Does A Song Become A Record (Harvard 1994).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VBsZF8J6nQ&pp=sAQA

245.  Billy Joel - Q&A How Much Do You Rehearse On Tour (Worcester 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LiOISED9Vk&pp=sAQA

246.  Billy Joel - Q&A Impact Of Vietnam War On Your Music (Akron 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qD5HdDLpf-c&pp=sAQA

247.  Billy Joel - Q&A Impact Of Your High School Teachers (C.W. Post 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiqz0UsqCU8&pp=sAQA

248.  Billy Joel - Q&A Innovation Vs Being Commercial (Hobart & William 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4Mg6MzLfdI&pp=sAQA

249.  Billy Joel - Q&A Inspiration For Uptown Girl (Rochester 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UqhaLFpBM4&pp=sAQA

250.  Billy Joel - Q&A Is Getting Older A Problem (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UD3sO9hXPc0&pp=sAQA

251.  Billy Joel - Q&A Meaning Of Famous Last Words (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTFr3IyZUXg&pp=sAQA

252.  Billy Joel - Q&A Origins Of The Downeaster Alexa (UPenn 2001).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43is2soJUV0&pp=sAQA

253.  Billy Joel - Q&A Play New York State Of Mind (Hobart & William 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lGqUjKXDrI&pp=sAQA

254.  Billy Joel - Q&A Relationship With Your Band (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxsCNmuU6kg&pp=sAQA

255.  Billy Joel - Q&A Remember First Piano Teacher (Hobart & William 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuwNWe6hmYY&pp=sAQA

256.  Billy Joel - Q&A Souvenir and Introduction (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pL1GYs91_JM&pp=sAQA

257.  Billy Joel - Q&A Story Behind The Lyrics To Piano Man (Harvard 1994).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xG-qg9GABYg&pp=sAQA

258.  Billy Joel - Q&A Story Behind Through The Long Night (Berklee 1992).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCK2u1DLdOw&pp=sAQA

259.  Billy Joel - Q&A Story Of Summer, Highland Falls (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvOnuPYiUzw&pp=sAQA

260.  Billy Joel - Q&A Tell Us About Leningrad Lyrics (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKOSb_Cpvwo&pp=sAQA

261.  Billy Joel - Q&A Tell Us About We Didn't Start The Fire (Oxford 1994).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dx3T8pbDcms&pp=sAQA

262.  Billy Joel - Q&A What Artists Do You Want To Work With (Fairfield 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aH61d7_RnSE&pp=sAQA

263.  Billy Joel - Q&A What Blues Singers Do You Like (Hobart & William 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0L7A7VP9fc&pp=sAQA

264.  Billy Joel - Q&A What Happened To The Hassles And Attila (Harvard 1994).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YU4PlNNMkEs&pp=sAQA

265.  Billy Joel - Q&A What Influence Did Levittown Have (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bI1hWCZnnPY&pp=sAQA

266.  Billy Joel - Q&A What Inspired The Song Big Shot (Florida State 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OL25RnHqnGo&pp=sAQA

267.  Billy Joel - Q&A What Is Your Favorite Mets Moment (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XE3IgQ3AkhM&pp=sAQA

268.  Billy Joel - Q&A What Kept You Going As An Artist (Harvard 1994).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UV-r4cX2YSI&pp=sAQA

269.  Billy Joel - Q&A What Role Did Your Mother Play (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcDGUInG16A&pp=sAQA

270.  Billy Joel - Q&A What Was The Inspiration For Miami 2017 (UPenn 2001).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_tXo9IVLTk&pp=sAQA

271.  Billy Joel - Q&A What Writers Have Inspired You (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vf80bk6fRKE&pp=sAQA

272.  Billy Joel - Q&A What's Your Best Compilation Album (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGkvXywK6XY&pp=sAQA

273.  Billy Joel - Q&A When Did You Write Your First Song (Logan Hall 1993).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oa_qi37Yeas&pp=sAQA

274.  Billy Joel - Q&A Where Did You Grow Up (Harvard 1994).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGONqfnGbrs&pp=sAQA

275.  Billy Joel - Q&A Where Do You Get Your Song Ideas (MTV Night School 1982).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CcS5YB9b8w&pp=sAQA

276.  Billy Joel - Q&A Who Do You Like To Listen To (Vassar College 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PL3roECB5N0&pp=sAQA

277.  Billy Joel - Q&A Who Impressed You As A Performer (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjs1K2EfW_U&pp=sAQA

278.  Billy Joel - Q&A Who Inspired The Song James (Hobart & William 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrYWXFynnQs&pp=sAQA

279.  Billy Joel - Q&A Who Is The Girl In She's Got A Way (Fairfield 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFfmkj9BzkA&pp=sAQA

280.  Billy Joel - Q&A Who Was Laura, What Did She Do (Hobart & William 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0SXDkWDeSM&pp=sAQA

281.  Billy Joel - Q&A Who Were Your Idols Growing Up (Florida State 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfGCPbKc_zI&pp=sAQA

282.  Billy Joel - Q&A Why Does Long Island Appeal To You (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TnkFEwctow&pp=sAQA

283.  Billy Joel - Q&A Why Not Write More Love Songs (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LodE34KT0g&pp=sAQA

284.  Billy Joel - Q&A Will You Write Symphonies & Movie Scores (UPenn 2001).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcxJd8bgrXk&pp=sAQA

285.  Billy Joel - Q&A Your Favorite Billy Joel Song (Hamptons 2010).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJtay-XiTmc&pp=sAQA

286.  Billy Joel - Q&A Your German Jewish Origins (Nuremberg 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6P3TQd5UIA&pp=sAQA

287.  Billy Joel - Q&A Your Impression Of Walter Brennan (Mount Holyoke 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1soqnTlXyx0&pp=sAQA

288.  Billy Joel - Q&A Your Routine When Writing A Song (Melbourne 1991).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOiyru75x8g&pp=sAQA

289.  Billy Joel - Rick London - The Bridge to Russia (Documentary Extras).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tIvUh_7r5E&pp=sAQA

290.  Billy Joel - River of Dreams EPK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEdd40OscQE&pp=sAQA

291.  Billy Joel - Roberta (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzWNxw4_riA&pp=sAQA

292.  Billy Joel - Root Beer Rag (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWH9iwtl9Q4&pp=sAQA

293.  Billy Joel - Root Beer Rag (from Old Grey Whistle Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OghK8XP0mdg&pp=sAQA

294.  Billy Joel - Root Beer Rag (Live at Jazz Fest 2013).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEyEOmFrE6I&pp=sAQA

295.  Billy Joel - Rosalind's Eyes (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LB-tkHD4uXU&pp=sAQA

296.  Billy Joel - Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer (MSG - December 18, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vuCtRk_-rM&pp=sAQA

297.  Billy Joel - Running On Ice (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wk0r8CeiKc&pp=sAQA

298.  Billy Joel - Running On Ice (MSG - April 3, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgJnf65SIxQ&pp=sAQA

299.  Billy Joel - Say Goodbye To Hollywood (Audio) (1128645).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhrHPTaVKvc&pp=sAQA

300.  Billy Joel - Say Goodbye to Hollywood (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWhW5tOWMlM&pp=sAQA

301.  Billy Joel - Say Goodbye To Hollywood (Live at Sparks, 1981).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9591zjK_n08&pp=sAQA

302.  Billy Joel - Say Goodbye To Hollywood (MSG - February 18, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyQi5FJb_nI&pp=sAQA

303.  Billy Joel - Say Goodbye to Hollywood (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUIgDKxQ-3c&pp=sAQA

304.  Billy Joel - Scandinavian Skies (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5g75rHKecM&pp=sAQA

305.  Billy Joel - Scenes From An Italian Restaurant (from Live at Shea Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEO_2eFpSeQ&pp=sAQA

306.  Billy Joel - Scenes From An Italian Restaurant (from Live at Yankee Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okyI2MAe6Sc&pp=sAQA

307.  Billy Joel - Scenes from an Italian Restaurant (Live at Jazz Fest 2013).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7BliFKQ0bc&pp=sAQA

308.  Billy Joel - Scenes from an Italian Restaurant (Live from Long Island).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRP1dF7Qlac&pp=sAQA

309.  Billy Joel - Scenes from an Italian Restaurant (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hxx8IWIvKg0&pp=sAQA

310.  Billy Joel - Shades of Grey (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CopYqp0HZkY&pp=sAQA

311.  Billy Joel - Shades of Grey (Live From Boston Garden, 1993).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFnbR0lK5PE&pp=sAQA

312.  Billy Joel - Shades of Grey (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jD6x3b1y40&pp=sAQA

313.  Billy Joel - Shameless (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8yvsqBafn4&pp=sAQA

314.  Billy Joel - Shameless (Dallas - January 22, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bb4UEI7Q0Ww&pp=sAQA

315.  Billy Joel - Shameless (Live From Boston Garden, 1993).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnQGQ4amj90&pp=sAQA

316.  Billy Joel - She's Always A Woman (from Old Grey Whistle Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2GryZ4ipKY&pp=sAQA

317.  Billy Joel - She's Always a Woman (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cx3QmqV2pHg&pp=sAQA

318.  Billy Joel - She's Got a Way (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOPm_Zoaj9k&pp=sAQA

319.  Billy Joel - She's Got a Way (Audio1980).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1waaD72R3E&pp=sAQA

320.  Billy Joel - She's Right on Time (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emmHHTofimY&pp=sAQA

321.  Billy Joel - She's Right On Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4lh4Ahl46E&pp=sAQA

322.  Billy Joel - Shout (from Live at Yankee Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XAD45-Hek4&pp=sAQA

323.  Billy Joel - Sleeping with the Television On (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7lpvVf2rCY&pp=sAQA

324.  Billy Joel - Sometimes A Fantasy (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTWSXhMKX4I&pp=sAQA

325.  Billy Joel - Sometimes a Fantasy (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRpFwfXFxBY&pp=sAQA

326.  Billy Joel - Sometimes a Fantasy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhJg1finpyU&pp=sAQA

327.  Billy Joel - Somewhere Along the Line (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEYZzFX_rR0&pp=sAQA

328.  Billy Joel - Souvenir (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuTvAvzB3TY&pp=sAQA

329.  Billy Joel - Souvenir (from Old Grey Whistle Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXWS3PNBs_o&pp=sAQA

330.  Billy Joel - State of Grace (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ESYLdYa_cwA&pp=sAQA

331.  Billy Joel - Stiletto (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmUrJ_el-SM&pp=sAQA

332.  Billy Joel - Stiletto (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sN4p1CCNrKc&pp=sAQA

333.  Billy Joel - Stop In Nevada (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ri786Rt2KwM&pp=sAQA

334.  Billy Joel - Storm Front (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_nAheMqPwY&pp=sAQA

335.  Billy Joel - Storm Front (from Live at Yankee Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1KWxRRSLOg&pp=sAQA

336.  Billy Joel - Streetlife Serenader (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TNrs1434DA&pp=sAQA

337.  Billy Joel - Streetlife Serenader (Audio1980).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWBMvcSb4K0&pp=sAQA

338.  Billy Joel - Summer, Highland Falls (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tQKW9aquT0&pp=sAQA

339.  Billy Joel - Summer, Highland Falls (Audio1980).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr25rO9zITA&pp=sAQA

340.  Billy Joel - Tell Her About It (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fprpTNVM8EY&pp=sAQA

341.  Billy Joel - Tell Her About It (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0pM5dm--yQ&pp=sAQA

342.  Billy Joel - Temptation (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0EU0NUamt4&pp=sAQA

343.  Billy Joel - That's Not Her Style (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_7PiG1rV9Q&pp=sAQA

344.  Billy Joel - That's Not Her Style (Live at Yankee Stadium, 1990).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhBhvLgRl_k&pp=sAQA

345.  Billy Joel - That's Not Her Style (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNG4zeq9Srw&pp=sAQA

346.  Billy Joel - The Ballad Of Billy The Kid (Audio) (1411043).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-7RX64gnn8&pp=sAQA

347.  Billy Joel - The Ballad of Billy the Kid (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1ASIT5DqN0&pp=sAQA

348.  Billy Joel - The Ballad of Billy the Kid (from Tonight - Connecticut 1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-svCimWJNDc&pp=sAQA

349.  Billy Joel - The Ballad of Billy the Kid (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fb_LNXYRc-o&pp=sAQA

350.  Billy Joel - The Downeaster 'Alexa' (from Live at Yankee Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-ikaYcG9UU&pp=sAQA

351.  Billy Joel - The Downeaster 'Alexa' (Live at the Los Angeles Sports Arena, April 1990).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duNltFtDR4Y&pp=sAQA

352.  Billy Joel - The Downeaster 'Alexa' (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVlDSzbrH5M&pp=sAQA

353.  Billy Joel - The Downeaster Alexa (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LESFuoW-T7I&pp=sAQA

354.  Billy Joel - The Entertainer (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_VHFyaSXQw&pp=sAQA

355.  Billy Joel - The Entertainer (from Old Grey Whistle Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qAQZXgz7AA&pp=sAQA

356.  Billy Joel - The Entertainer (from Tonight - Connecticut 1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meHHvLNCq6c&pp=sAQA

357.  Billy Joel - The Great Suburban Showdown (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIavfZz58fM&pp=sAQA

358.  Billy Joel - The Great Wall of China (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HP_uDksJu0&pp=sAQA

359.  Billy Joel - The Longest Time (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUl4kxTfzKE&pp=sAQA

360.  Billy Joel - The Longest Time (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSHbc7xFHMM&pp=sAQA

361.  Billy Joel - The Longest Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_XgQhMPeEQ&pp=sAQA

362.  Billy Joel - The Mexican Connection (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVKr6Xy-jD4&pp=sAQA

363.  Billy Joel - The Night Is Still Young (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fs8yvzYwQOU&pp=sAQA

364.  Billy Joel - The Night Is Still Young (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3ogFWISPuw&pp=sAQA

365.  Billy Joel - The Press Conference (documentary outtake).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFbPBYMoSFI&pp=sAQA

366.  Billy Joel - The River Of Dreams (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fo_vn_Ilsu8&pp=sAQA

367.  Billy Joel - The River of Dreams (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veRSgbYxaVA&pp=sAQA

368.  Billy Joel - The River of Dreams (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSq4B_zHqPM&pp=sAQA

369.  Billy Joel - The Stranger (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5ofVsxTPoc&pp=sAQA

370.  Billy Joel - The Stranger (Live 1977).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdLPI6XhEN8&pp=sAQA

371.  Billy Joel - The Stranger (Live from Long Island).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFiIO9L9Nlg&pp=sAQA

372.  Billy Joel - The Stranger 30th Anniversary EPK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OowoNr_xoYQ&pp=sAQA

373.  Billy Joel - The Stranger 30th Anniversary Teaser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cn7gYTlGaac&pp=sAQA

374.  Billy Joel - This Is the Time (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOBwqlP-3ls&pp=sAQA

375.  Billy Joel - This Night (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNOXu_yoDYI&pp=sAQA

376.  Billy Joel - Through the Long Night (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSQTSiveZHU&pp=sAQA

377.  Billy Joel - To Make You Feel My Love (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXRBuMpEOl0&pp=sAQA

378.  Billy Joel - To Make You Feel My Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEQGKY92KI4&pp=sAQA

379.  Billy Joel - Tomorrow Is Today (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xN3hbJG2tc&pp=sAQA

380.  Billy Joel - Travelin' Prayer (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pj05s_Pzz88&pp=sAQA

381.  Billy Joel - Turn Around (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwKNKwYB6dI&pp=sAQA

382.  Billy Joel - Two Thousand Years (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLCXt4d-wz0&pp=sAQA

383.  Billy Joel - Until the Night (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuV-zEqB2QQ&pp=sAQA

384.  Billy Joel - Until The Night (Live From Long Island) (1926948).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikWH9k_39po&pp=sAQA

385.  Billy Joel - Until the Night (Live from Long Island).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gu_mD8mD8Yc&pp=sAQA

386.  Billy Joel - Uptown Girl (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsIPjV6yGp4&pp=sAQA

387.  Billy Joel - Uptown Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCuMWrfXG4E&pp=sAQA

388.  Billy Joel - Vienna (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wccRif2DaGs&pp=sAQA

389.  Billy Joel - Voice Problems - The Bridge to Russia (Documentary Extras).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAG53kJf-Lo&pp=sAQA

390.  Billy Joel - Wayne Isham - The Bridge to Russia (Documentary Extras).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vw6ASinmrsk&pp=sAQA

391.  Billy Joel - We Didn't Start the Fire (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqkjYKUXERQ&pp=sAQA

392.  Billy Joel - We Didn't Start The Fire (from Live at Yankee Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12pIwx7cuw4&pp=sAQA

393.  Billy Joel - We Didn't Start the Fire (Live From The River Of Dreams Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bp0_VsQccIA&pp=sAQA

394.  Billy Joel - We Didn't Start the Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFTLKWw542g&pp=sAQA

395.  Billy Joel - Weekend Song (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsiHHXwnMVY&pp=sAQA

396.  Billy Joel - When In Rome (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGr9yJPKTwU&pp=sAQA

397.  Billy Joel - Where Were You On Our Wedding Day (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCEtxMUFIzY&pp=sAQA

398.  Billy Joel - Where's the Orchestra (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SX3nFG6Js-Y&pp=sAQA

399.  Billy Joel - Why Judy Why (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFywblWZt1k&pp=sAQA

400.  Billy Joel - Worse Comes to Worst (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlFmE4enqaI&pp=sAQA

401.  Billy Joel - You Are My Home (Live at Sparks, 1981).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDH2E2wWjc0&pp=sAQA

402.  Billy Joel - You Can Make Me Free (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8uVR-w7Jno&pp=sAQA

403.  Billy Joel - You Look So Good to Me (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdAF1jQkkTY&pp=sAQA

404.  Billy Joel - You May Be Right (from A Matter of Trust - The Bridge to Russia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gis_-yH3Nt8&pp=sAQA

405.  Billy Joel - You May Be Right (Live from Long Island).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ov660RWBBo&pp=sAQA

406.  Billy Joel - You May Be Right (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilsv0C1-aBw&pp=sAQA

407.  Billy Joel - You May Be Right (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo9t5XK0FhA&pp=sAQA

408.  Billy Joel - You Picked A Real Bad Time (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdIFxEZGxtc&pp=sAQA

409.  Billy Joel - You're My Home (Audio) (1679016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlQ2Yzs6Wmg&pp=sAQA

410.  Billy Joel - You're My Home (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XwnIlnQvMY&pp=sAQA

411.  Billy Joel - You're My Home (from Tonight - Connecticut 1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6t6nzpTiHQ&pp=sAQA

412.  Billy Joel - You're Only Human (Second Wind) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhxjNYvJbgM&pp=sAQA

413.  Billy Joel - You're Only Human (Second Wind) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLVTrD32Rs8&pp=sAQA

414.  Billy Joel - Zanzibar (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yget4xVAulE&pp=sAQA

415.  Billy Joel 2017 Countdown & Auld Lang Syne (BB&T Center Sunrise, FL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKK7wzxNhl8&pp=sAQA

416.  Billy Joel 65th Concert Cake Backstage At MSG (July 1, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJ5OIwcGyTc&pp=sAQA

417.  Billy Joel and Jimmy Fallon 'Start Me Up' (MSG - January 7, 2016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umbXOWD-S4Y&pp=sAQA

418.  Billy Joel Announces 50th Consecutive Madison Square Garden Concert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzSIeRt9MKA&pp=sAQA

419.  Billy Joel At Air Canada Centre Toronto March 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikMjwnROnlQ&pp=sAQA

420.  Billy Joel At Amway Center December 31, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfltaIx5-eM&pp=sAQA

421.  Billy Joel At CONSOL Energy Center February 21, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUnjnAXHU7g&pp=sAQA

422.  Billy Joel At Hollywood Bowl May 17.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-kijlCiuAU&pp=sAQA

423.  Billy Joel At Madison Square Garden December 17, 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5uOG4tHBJo&pp=sAQA

424.  Billy Joel At Madison Square Garden January 9, 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uoa_CUtqIdc&pp=sAQA

425.  Billy Joel At Madison Square Garden May 28, 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMUrpOIDvO4&pp=sAQA

426.  Billy Joel At MGM Grand Las Vegas June 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTd9oHze4eo&pp=sAQA

427.  Billy Joel At Nassau Coliseum August 4, 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8nsm5njhfs&pp=sAQA

428.  Billy Joel At PNC Arena Raleigh February 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvjQE-R6SZQ&pp=sAQA

429.  Billy Joel At The Garden.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGVhpJ0TLRw&pp=sAQA

430.  Billy Joel At The Palace Of Auburn Hills February 15, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2Yh6sJhK0o&pp=sAQA

431.  Billy Joel Back At The Garden - Madison Square Garden January 27, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIyAXAXGogM&pp=sAQA

432.  Billy Joel Exclusive News 12 Interview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_m3tXjgD7SU&pp=sAQA

433.  Billy Joel Home At The Garden Premieres On MSG November 10, 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QObaNMtEc4s&pp=sAQA

434.  Billy Joel Home At The Garden Premieres On MSG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmE0_iXM39g&pp=sAQA

435.  Billy Joel Honored With Banner At MSG (January 9, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udA45328Y68&pp=sAQA

436.  Billy Joel Honored With New Nassau Coliseum Banner - Newsday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYeirJqY8vk&pp=sAQA

437.  Billy Joel In Concert - Through The Years.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYlNn4v5BCA&pp=sAQA

438.  Billy Joel In Concert 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-H_C9zl4etk&pp=sAQA

439.  Billy Joel In Concert At Citizens Bank Park September 9, 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC8CJUl1Vps&pp=sAQA

440.  Billy Joel In Concert At Dodger Stadium May 13, 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kx4r7_qaYs8&pp=sAQA

441.  Billy Joel In Concert At SunTrust Park Atlanta April 28, 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdfZBrvsjzE&pp=sAQA

442.  Billy Joel In Concert At Target Field Minnesota July 28, 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnnuMGDLRqM&pp=sAQA

443.  Billy Joel Live At Festival d'été de Québec (July 11, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vxh80BqcAPY&pp=sAQA

444.  Billy Joel MSG 65th Concert Banner Presentation (July 1, 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXbQGa3FsK0&pp=sAQA

445.  Billy Joel MSG 75 Banner Raising (May 27, 2016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qYZVzQMFCQ&pp=sAQA

446.  Billy Joel Record Breaking 25th Show At MSG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOLZbh_Zv_k&pp=sAQA

447.  Billy Joel Returns To Fenway Park August 30, 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1HlDXuR1Bs&pp=sAQA

448.  Billy Joel Returns To Wrigley Field August 11, 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ln2Qq1j-lA&pp=sAQA

449.  Billy Joel Speech At Stony Brook University Commencement May 22, 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zNVcyiDxJM&pp=sAQA

450.  Billy Joel thanks Carole King from the White House..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTODGYiCrA4&pp=sAQA

451.  Billy Joel To Make His First Stadium Appearance Ever In Cleveland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjWmQ-DDdIU&pp=sAQA

452.  Billy Joel To Play Busch Stadium September 21, 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXVlh4PHugg&pp=sAQA

453.  Billy Joel To Play Concert In Indianapolis November 3, 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWBDh4TKhCM&pp=sAQA

454.  Billy Joel To Play Lambeau Field June 17, 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nZbj30ASFA&pp=sAQA

455.  Billy Joel To Play Moda Center Portland December 8, 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GxRvvKp1zo&pp=sAQA

456.  Billy Joel To Play Salt Lake City November 29, 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjeLfOfi8oQ&pp=sAQA

457.  Billy Joel, Hyung-ki Joo - Air (Dublinesque) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70fiAUFniNQ&pp=sAQA

458.  Billy Joel, Hyung-ki Joo - Aria (Grand Canal) (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvjTZa7wsQI&pp=sAQA

459.  Billy Joel, Hyung-ki Joo - Fantasy (Film Noir) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMgBeQArqW4&pp=sAQA

460.  Billy Joel, Hyung-ki Joo - Invention In C minor (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkTi3ebcugo&pp=sAQA

461.  Billy Joel, Hyung-ki Joo - Reverie (Villa D'Este) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqFVMgd9Abw&pp=sAQA

462.  Billy Joel, Hyung-ki Joo - Soliloquy (On a Separation) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvGiEMrawz4&pp=sAQA

463.  Billy Joel, Hyung-ki Joo - Suite for Piano (Star-Crossed) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xl9GJMsYKs&pp=sAQA

464.  Billy Joel, Hyung-ki Joo - Waltz # 1 (Nunley's Carousel) (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpqXhCF9LvU&pp=sAQA

465.  Billy Joel, Hyung-ki Joo - Waltz #2 (Steinway Hall) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNRBMhRHZ-o&pp=sAQA

466.  Billy Joel, Hyung-ki Joo - Waltz #5 (For Lola) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzsmNodkTEw&pp=sAQA

467.  Brian Johnson & Billy Joel - You Shook Me All Night Long (Orlando - Dec. 31, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVtVPNxjhxE&pp=sAQA

468.  Deasy Elementary School Spring Concert 2014 (April 9, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxtrdgnq5Gc&pp=sAQA

469.  Empire State Of Mind Commercial Featuring Billy Joel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8CXZmnwkS0&pp=sAQA

470.  Festival d'été de Québec Unveils 2014 Lineup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5Xds75Q6D8&pp=sAQA

471.  Happy Birthday, Billy Joel! (May 9, 2016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmdsFtksYic&pp=sAQA

472.  Howard Stern Happy Birthday Billy Joel (MSG - May 9, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7euwvXM370c&pp=sAQA

473.  John Mellencamp & Billy Joel - Crumblin' Down (MSG - November 25, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGjezbeTUY8&pp=sAQA

474.  Miami 2017 (I've Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway) (from Old Grey Whistle Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46IGAbJbykI&pp=sAQA

475.  Miami 2017 (Seen the Lights Go Out on Broadway) (from Tonight - Connecticut 1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jlUisc_Bik&pp=sAQA

476.  Rufus Wainwright & Billy Joel - New York State Of Mind (Orlando - Dec. 31, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWFwqTwZxgc&pp=sAQA

477.  Sting & Billy Joel - Big Man On Mulberry Street (MSG - November 25, 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_hvKZlRnM8&pp=sAQA
Billy Joel