
'Touch' from Natasha Bedingfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59qHohAiUM8

6 things you didn't know about me - Natasha Bedingfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRoWsAVhrJE

Believer Imagine Dragons Cover - Andie Case & Natasha Bedingfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LP7IiPWB5fw

Come with me on tour - Behind the scenes - Natasha Bedingfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQOM6gqkg0M

Hey Boy - Natasha Bedingfield (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KqBJQv7GXE

l.ahk
lll

Lighthearted by Natasha Bedingfield (Official lyric video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iS71QxQ1xD8

Mannequin Challenge - Natasha Bedingfield and NOTP Cast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OCYLXQAt3Q

Meeting a the viral dancer @rony_boyy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7zTotCg51k

Natasha & the VocalizeU App.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtsH2-fHON8

Natasha 'Less is More' Video Blog (Video 1) - Hyannis Port, MA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2znJZoq3P8

Natasha 'Less is More' Video Blog (Video 2) - Somerville, MA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbuhHqu8GlQ

Natasha 'Less is More' Video Blog (Video 3) -- Portland, OR.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpoQ6yKG8qY

Natasha 'Less is More' Video Blog (Video 4) -- Alexandria, VA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efsPk1Mql5U

Natasha 'Less is More' Video Blog (Video 5) -- Atlanta, GA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dafTQA3kB8Y

Natasha Bedingfield & VocalizeU App.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgpPlUyZbI0

Natasha Bedingfield 'Strip Me' Video Teaser!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=de4dmRyCcYg

Natasha Bedingfield 'Touch' Video Fun Outtakes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIXVr7u7vtY

Natasha Bedingfield - 'Let Go' (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMIzd2e_k4E

Natasha Bedingfield - 'Love Looks Like' (Acoustic Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUXdeZB4Jzc

Natasha Bedingfield - 'Shake Up Christmas' [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhEjRoAIsMI

Natasha Bedingfield - 2010 Red Carpet Interview (American Music Awards).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsygQY1rK7Q

Natasha Bedingfield - All I Need (Official Less Is More Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7FAPT9VpC8

Natasha Bedingfield - Angel (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS_amwE0XxQ

Natasha Bedingfield - Can't Fall Down (Official Less Is More Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71jZQ71Kvnk

Natasha Bedingfield - Christmas Message.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpR0zsIZLIo

Natasha Bedingfield - Hope (Acoustic).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5iUGsITK6g

Natasha Bedingfield - Hope.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9eqk7Z1O3M

Natasha Bedingfield - I Bruise Easily (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHl0zbEkOuI

Natasha Bedingfield - I Bruise Easily (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAOdlgFJDAI

Natasha Bedingfield - Kick It (Acoustic).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmWbfqN24AY

Natasha Bedingfield - Kick It (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsojJdjILiI

Natasha Bedingfield - Kick It (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uolB1Mz0GcE

Natasha Bedingfield - Lighthearted (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTbvxtgjZ-c

Natasha Bedingfield - Lighthearted (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rd7nKbhxr_c

Natasha Bedingfield - Little Too Much (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKOOiUi7_PA

Natasha Bedingfield - Love Like This (Official Music Video) ft. Sean Kingston.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPTZVmJrIpo

Natasha Bedingfield - New Album Message.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZTn01deN0M

Natasha Bedingfield - Pocketful of Sunshine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gte3BoXKwP0

Natasha Bedingfield - Recover (Official Less Is More Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbCVcPst6J4

Natasha Bedingfield - Roller Skate (Acoustic).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-K-GGYtQvU

Natasha Bedingfield - Roller Skate (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bnFPIJWk6s

Natasha Bedingfield - Run-Run-Run (Official Less Is More Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwwLLT120vk

Natasha Bedingfield - Say It Again (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKQ4b-VfGXA

Natasha Bedingfield - Shake Up Christmas 2011 (Official Coca-Cola Christmas Song) (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_DnyvNg-Vg

Natasha Bedingfield - Single (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AwaA85nEbE

Natasha Bedingfield - Single.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C10nyfxmyRM

Natasha Bedingfield - Soulmate (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P27MPi3ZhCg

Natasha Bedingfield - Strip Me (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkdDbeM7RnU

Natasha Bedingfield - Strip Me (Official Less Is More Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsHU1F4P5zk

Natasha Bedingfield - Strip Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnhDIGTldho

Natasha Bedingfield - The Making of Roll With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zxjtdHDJtc

Natasha Bedingfield - These Words (1005969).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5RuGj0g1tk

Natasha Bedingfield - These Words (Official Director's Cut).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXwlB-ZIhgk

Natasha Bedingfield - These Words (US Version) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWako3_ENlk

Natasha Bedingfield - These Words.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6o4x7JlwRw

Natasha Bedingfield - Touch (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOa4axPVHEc

Natasha Bedingfield - Unwritten (2019 Remix) - The Hills Theme Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gYT4DHl1FA

Natasha Bedingfield - Unwritten (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxHdXkYTgoc

Natasha Bedingfield - Unwritten (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFFBSSntZgs

Natasha Bedingfield - Unwritten (US Version) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7k0a5hYnSI

Natasha Bedingfield - Weightless (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wd_0A7keCY8

Natasha Bedingfield - Weightless (Official Less Is More Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUxLeytLHVk

Natasha Bedingfield - Wild Horses (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xsCONzzTRw

Natasha Bedingfield in India part four.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rw2-XyzE9P0

Natasha Bedingfield in Las Vegas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GKASZ5IRZA

Natasha Bedingfield in New York City.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZ-PA75QkS8

Natasha Bedingfield in San Francisco.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fh-Sum3k9SI

Natasha Bedingfield in Wichita, KS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wgyxp9hVZYM

Natasha Bedingfield Opens Up Her New Album STRIP ME.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXO1UAmvkgc

Natasha Bedingfield Takes You on a Tour of LA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNM2gLVe_as

Natasha Bedingfield – Mashup (To The Beat with Kurt Hugo Schneider).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_P5d8zeods0

Natasha Bedingfield's 'Strip Me' Single is Out This Week!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InQEmpfKTcU

Natasha Bedingfield's Best Outfit Bday Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZ6rEa76mgI

Natasha Christma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yr9Y9Q0JkjQ

Natasha Warms Up with VocalizeU App.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0X1wCnZmOr8

Nivea Happy Sensation - 'Touch' Commercial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDygd6xhNZA

Scars to your beautiful - Alessia Cara cover - Cimorelli & Natasha Bedingfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So5zHQrWXAE

Shake Up Christmas 2011 (Official Coca-Cola Christmas Song) (Live From New York).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIdXPl-Vi6M

Something Just Like This - Coldplay cover - Natasha Bedingfield & Mackenzie Johnson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFA4ALx1B9g

Sprite Refreshing Films Trailer - feat. Natasha Bedingfield 'Weightless'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-X6V075TRtQ

Together In This (From The Jungle Beat Motion Picture) [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUH8lbh8jAQ

Treat you better, Shawn Mendes cover - Natasha Bedingfield & Mariana Vega.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qzS1fDiCeQ

Unwritten - Acoustic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7BnxJERlwU
Natasha Bedingfield