
1.  BAKING A CAKE BLINDFOLDED!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoXp-nDT7G4

2.  BAKING CINNAMON ROLLS BLINDFOLDED!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KeM9-2GbHPE

3.  BAKING SUGAR COOKIES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzxbOhcEC7E

4.  COOKING WITH CAM!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQyK65KgksM

5.  FINALLY MAKING BREAD FROM SCRATCH!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPVpQfDn-_U

6.  FOLLOWING A GORDON RAMSAY TUTORIAL!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odZjjWeJN3c

7.  FOLLOWING A GORDON RAMSAY VIDEO!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqKD3zgJn5I

8.  GOOGLE TRANSLATE MAKES SUSHI!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nDKVGiJjOA

9.  GOOGLE TRANSLATE MAKES TACOS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_d5Km1U_IYY

10.  GORDON RAMSAY MAKES ME DINNER!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUWT3IGzOCw

11.  I BOUGHT AN EASY BAKE OVEN!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-Swbk9aG2M

12.  LEARNING TO BAKE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aszzizv9drc

13.  LEARNING TO MAKE CONCHAS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksRdzKHOvjk

14.  LEARNING TO MAKE SALSA!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EhmGRQ0t_I

15.  LEARNING TO MAKE TAMALES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqe83ljN0v0

16.  MAKING BEIGNETS! (1862870).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQMm9rv2SCU

17.  MAKING BEIGNETS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQMm9rv2SCU

18.  MAKING DINNER FOR MY GIRLFRIEND!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CCMKltyGWc

19.  MAKING FUDGE FROM THE 1900's!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Li_L4kCDLak

20.  MAKING LUNCH WITH WHAT'S LEFT IN MY KITCHEN!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZxYj1mStVM

21.  MAKING MOIST BANANA BREAD!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2y6CIq9J1g

22.  MAKING RAM-DON FROM PARASITE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4ASdmYdIEo

23.  MAKING SHRIMP PASTA!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVHYo_jmuFQ

24.  TRYING TO BAKE CLOUD BREAD! (1038365).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZNkR1UTANA

25.  TRYING TO BAKE CLOUD BREAD!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZNkR1UTANA

26.  TRYING TO BAKE COOKIES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7INGySIb8_A

27.  TRYING TO COOK A THANKSGIVING TURKEY!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqmuXfGnkmw

28.  TRYING TO FOLLOW A GORDON RAMSAY TUTORIAL IN REAL TIME!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2ATx_I6P_4

29.  TRYING TO MAKE CREME BRULEE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9B19BDQq8Gk

30.  TRYING TO MAKE FLAN!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRaw11a1QlI

31.  TRYING TO MAKE FRUITCAKE! (1803014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNqD_d60Ik8

32.  TRYING TO MAKE FRUITCAKE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNqD_d60Ik8
COOKING!