
1.  10 TIPS TO ASSIST YOUR SPIRITUAL AWAKENING IN A CITY & MODERN CULTURE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n438UqUHWkA

2.  10,000 Subscriber Giveaway!!! ET Disclosure & Hybrid Children - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcbqFxy0a50

3.  2 POWERFUL Spiritual Paths To Accelerate Your Ascension (Higher Self Guidance).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbjPCTEFiCA

4.  2018 ENERGY UPDATE & INTENTION SETTING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8cSEh6vDws

5.  2019 Spiritual Retreats & Live Events!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ2GsSCxXEI

6.  3 Keys To Manifestation - My Master Formula.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkP55-Hq7fY

7.  3 Stages of Extraterrestrial Contact  Starseed Mission.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xh05PmzWtA

8.  3 Things Lightworkers Need To Know To Fulfill Their Karmic Destinies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWbnERksnbA

9.  3 Things You Need To Know About Shadow Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZwsSEjVSc4

10.  3 Ways To Accelerate Your Spiritual Awakening with Victor Oddo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgDFzjBzCCk

11.  3 Ways to KNOW Your Life Purpose!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PKiAdtNgA4

12.  3 Ways To Trust Your Intuition (Listen To Your Inner Voice).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zdino1Fi5oc

13.  4 Levels of Communication with Spiritual Beings (Connect With Your Spirit Guides).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgFAUnjIt8o

14.  5 Keys That Build A Healthy Romantic Relationship.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cZCYG2uEtY

15.  5 Signs You've Moved from Spiritual Seeker to Spiritual Initiate (Next Level Spiritual Awakening).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVUGwB72JMs

16.  5 Signs You’re Spiritual Bypassing (Unhealthy Vs. Healthy Boundaries).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IFthbDMl1g

17.  5 Signs You’ve Had Extraterrestrial Contact (Starseed Training).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aS7mc7IzTpE

18.  5 Things You Need To Know About 2020 And Beyond (Ascension Update).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nr1wz1DBBY4

19.  5 Ways To Accelerate Your Starseed Awakening & Cosmic Experiences!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9xCmey1zHY

20.  5 Ways To Prepare For The Spring Equinox (March 20th - Ascension Energy Update).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aalXM15fLs4

21.  5 Ways To Stop Emotional Triggers In Relationships with Patrick Haize.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhDWToZroak

22.  6 Ways To Protect Yourself From Black Magic & Clear Negative Energy!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYgw5dlVhN0

23.  A Journey through Mt. Shasta's Sacred Panther Meadows (Meditation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZGXFTZ9xfM

24.  Alcohol, Marijuana and Spirituality  Does Cannabis & Drinking Support Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VO_MTfW-Vt4

25.  Alien Abduction Hypnosis Experience & Hybrid Children - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXLKD62s7hc

26.  Alien Abduction, Choosing Your Future & Finding Your Purpose  - Bridget Nielsen Interview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tSIooQKvi8

27.  Ancestral Healing with Archangels & The Tribal Soul Volksgeist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9N5jFofy6Kg

28.  ANCESTRAL LINEAGE  REKINDLE YOUR INNER STRENGTH, MAGIC & UNIQUENESS  Ancestral Healing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_bD_obJbKY

29.  ANCIENT LEMURIA MU - HAWAII & SPIRITUAL MASTERY - BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eds1hUXt9Q

30.  Ancient Technologies, Benevolent Reptilians & Consciousness with Ken Rohla - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxC-qDJzh0k

31.  Are You A Sirian Starseed All About Our Sirius Galactic Family - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0j0ZqM7WoDk

32.  Are You A Starseed Signs You Are One!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGBYb5DynNA

33.  ARE YOU READY TO ASCEND SPIRITUAL AWAKENING, STARSEEDS & COREY GOODE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfQE5Gguj2g

34.  Ascension, Spiritual Awakening & Service To Others  5th Dimension (4th Density).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08a_QAZjba4

35.  Atlantis, The Big Event & Humanity's Catastrophe Wound  Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YPQUxd1fQo

36.  ATTRACTING A HEALTHY RELATIONSHIP  COMMON MISTAKES & ATTRACTING THE ONE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6cMSfPyx8I

37.  AWAKEN YOUR STARSEED COUNCIL & INCREASE STAR FAMILY CONTACT  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQVOaj21Rr4

38.  AWAKENING HUMANITY'S SOULFUL NATURE  HEALING OUR WESTERN CULTURE  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-fGTdX7zyo

39.  Awakening Your Ancestral Memory & DNA For Ascension!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJ0d1VbQYBM

40.  Balancing Dark & Light - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKbHF-xbbIw

41.  BALANCING ONENESS & INDIVIDUALITY I EMPATHY & PERSONAL BOUNDARIES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWEnwPF182E

42.  BALANCING THE DIVINE FEMININE BY EMPOWERING THE DIVINE MASCULINE  CASTRATION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gnuPYVc3Ic

43.  BALANCING TIMLEINES  ALIGNING WITH POSITIVE PARALLEL REALITIES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdor4l-OGao

44.  BALANCING TIMLEINES  NEGATIVITY, APOCALYPTIC DREAMS, DRACO BEINGS & ATLANTIS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Okv-vCXK2p0

45.  Becoming a Human Ambassador to Earth - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwL8ZRn_g3A

46.  BIG NEWS!! NEW DISCLOSURE SERIES & CHANNEL CHANGES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpW9pQQl7F4

47.  BREAST HEALTH & FEMININE SPIRITUALSEXUAL ENERGY  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QyWzem7YjU

48.  BRIDGET NIELSEN INTERVIEW ON BEING SEEN, HEALING MODALITIES & HIGH VIBRATIONAL FOOD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=132P7dewETE

49.  CHANNEL TRAILER  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOs-oZdBtiA

50.  CHANNEL UPDATES & EUROPEAN TOUR GLASTONBURY, AMSTERDAM, UFOLOGY WORLD CONGRESS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSFYddJ0ckc

51.  Connect YOU Together from the Heart - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6P7s7EiuNw

52.  Connecting with the Spirit of the Redwood Tree Ambassadors - Bridget Nielsen & Patrick Haize.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=av3OBGzkqRE

53.  CONNECTING WITH YOUR ANCESTORS  Ancestral Healing, Support & Empowerment!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89xWYVi_V7o

54.  Conscious Parenting - 5 Tips For Mindful Parenting with Katherine Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gd0dNrJh8o4

55.  Conscious Uncoupling  How to Breakup In Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmFihi6_dp0

56.  Conscious Uncoupling - Breaking Up In Love!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ebc8Wf1al-4

57.  CONSCIOUSLY CREATE YOUR REALITY WITHIN THE 3D MIND MATRIX PART 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGefUhitSc4

58.  Cord Cutting & How To Clear Your Energy (Setting Boundaries).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_G4lcnmrW4Q

59.  Cosmic Conversations Paradigm Shifting with Brendon Culliton - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC513ssjARA

60.  Cosmic Conversations Starseed Living with Gabe Salomon - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Or_6NCnRot0

61.  CREATING SELF WORTH & ABUNDANCE  THE NEW ECONOMY  VALUE OF PEOPLE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fy-k2hmLjTA

62.  Creation, Destruction and Balance - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYlJ65jghZQ

63.  Cultivating Prana, Chi and Life Force Energy  Etheric Body Activation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLz_et9uPsc

64.  Cultivating Psychic Telepathic Communication & Meditation - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a5oTV-p2Pg

65.  Current Events ET Energy Update - US Presidential Election & Standing Rock - Bridget.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmzL6Ky8lcQ

66.  DETOXING ENVIRONMENTAL TOXINS, BOSNIAN PYRAMID & CONSCIOUSNESS INTERVIEW.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2tY1zH46ro

67.  Divine Feminine Embodiment (Maiden, Mother, Crone & Temple Priestess Archetypes) with Jocelyn Daher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osDR8TfI_bY

68.  DO UFOS OR ALIENS MAKE CROP CIRCLES MY 2016 CROP CIRCLE EXPERIENCES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31LXxsGsKHY

69.  DO YOU BELIEVE IN ALIENS PEOPLE ON THE STREET EP 1  ET CONTACT & UFOS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IEqe2DteYc

70.  DO YOU BELIEVE IN ALIENS PEOPLE ON THE STREET EP 2, SEDONA VORTEX  LIFE BEYOND EARTH.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r2RE7jC8oY

71.  EARTH'S MAJOR CHAKRA POINTS AND VORTEXES  LOCATIONS OF FIRST ET CONTACT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8V8RP1XHsk0

72.  East Coast ET Earthen Adventure with Gabe Salomon, Patrick Haize & Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAoFjbrEMTM

73.  EGO DEATH & BIRTH  HOW TO DEAL WITH FAMILY DEATH  ACCELERATING ENERGIES & CHANGING TIMES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UM3CpgTr5Bc

74.  ELECTRIC CARS, FREE ENERGY & ALT ENERGY TECHNOLOGY  SUSTAINABILITY SERIES EP 1  KIRK NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_w1yXv142A

75.  EMPATH Empowerment & Highly Sensitive People - Your Extrasensory Superpower.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=710xKn7XIHM

76.  Essential Oils for Spirituality, Health, Beauty & Raising Your Vibration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVSheRUA_Rw

77.  ET GUIDANCE, STARSEED VIBES & CREATIVE INSPIRATION - PATRICK HAIZE + BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roYISEtjSAI

78.  ETs Are Our Spiritual Guides Not Gods! Self-Empowerment - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcVmIdg80Ww

79.  Exiting the Matrix - Synthetic Programming vs. The Real Matrix with Patrick Haize.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MFbkS9AWtU

80.  Exploring the Sacred Inner Earth Energies of Havasupai - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ynk-nlVLXgU

81.  Exploring the SouthWest for ET Contact & Knowing Your Land! - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUrPP808QVY

82.  Extraterrestrials Can NOW Land!! December 21st, 2012 - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uns9JDdd4No

83.  FACING YOUR FEARS & CREATING SPACE FOR YOUR TRUE SELF I BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkbP-oy6_wE

84.  Fairy Tales, Royal Archetypes & Mythology  Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_fnpewNREM

85.  Follow Me on My Roadtrip to Shasta! Snapchat & Instagram - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gt535QBWf0M

86.  FULL MOON Total Lunar Eclipse Energy Update - Things you Need To Know (May 26th, 2021 Forecast).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHHkgyBaiFo

87.  Future Predictions - What Parallel Reality Earth are you Creating - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTzUpQ_ZsxA

88.  Future Predictions Helping or Hindering Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pc-k15sRKVA

89.  GALACTIVATE YOUR MAGNETIC ENERGY WITH ARCTURUS RA  RAISE YOUR FREQUENCY & AURA  BALANCE EMFS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5QHbgNgUMo

90.  Ghost Stories & Paranormal Experiences  Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qz46BGoX65Y

91.  Ghosts, Ancestors & The Thinning Of The Veil  Bridget Nielsen #Throwback.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fqL20q4eYQ

92.  GIANTS and The Ancients. Rewriting our True History - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKYvz0RV9XY

93.  Gigi Young on ETs, Starseeds & Hybrid Children - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7umhOFttiE

94.  Goddess Energy, Divine Feminine & Glastonbury Magic with Ruth Watson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIUL85D8_zQ

95.  Grounding For Ascension & Spiritual Development.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-U0cy-1MqO8

96.  GROUNDING YOUR EARTH MISSION & LIFE PURPOSE - BRIDGET NELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_uCpG0x6W0

97.  Hawaii Adventure 2017 - First Contact with Dolphins & Whales - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQu5Ec_HY9I

98.  Hawaii Adventures with Bridget & Kirk Nielsen! Big Island & Maui Feb-March 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whV-Jp58g6E

99.  HEAL YOURSELF - 6 MUST KNOW Origins For Self Healing!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKCxfmHSwiY

100.  Heal Yourself By Healing The Collective Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibphIRJ-Uko

101.  HEALTHY BODY & MIND  HEAL YOUR GUT  HIGH VIBRATIONAL DIET & LIFESTYLE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6PbAqWuRMA

102.  HEALTHY COFFEE ALTERNATIVE DRINK  DELICIOUS MORNING ENERGY TONIC.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyI81C7bV58

103.  HEALTHY TRAVEL, BUNDLE PACKING TECHNIQUE & MINIMALISM  HIGH VIBE LIVING ON THE ROAD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Il7k07djfw

104.  Heighten Your Psychic Abilities With Melanie Beckler  Ask Angels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Tsm8I0bdJQ

105.  HIGH VIBRATIONAL DIET  HOW TO ATTUNE YOUR PHYSICAL VESSEL & ANTENNA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izsIdpJ6fLI

106.  HIGH VIBRATIONAL DIET FOOD TIPS & WHY TO EAT LOCAL  LOCAL FOOD CHALLENGE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=De9lH8dtNeI

107.  HOW & WHY TO TRANSITION OFF OF COFFEECAFFEINE  HEALTHY COFFEE SUBSTITUTE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2VhHEjywJM

108.  How Ancestral Healing Changed My Life! (Healing Morphogenetic Fields).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7brZEsgbAY

109.  How Spirit Guides Can Help You! How To Connect With Creative Muse Inspiration!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wuxyyD8ELk

110.  How The Hybrid Children Are Genetically Created - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fTQwHevSAI

111.  How to Astral Travel & Lucid Dream with Sergio Magaña!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMet4CTZTqc

112.  How to ATTRACT & KEEP the Right Relationships w Renegade Zen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBFk2OYFv_M

113.  HOW TO AWAKEN YOUR INNER CHILD  HEAL CHILDHOOD TRAUMA & ENJOY LIFE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySBNzEPKaA4

114.  How To Balance Masculine and Feminine Energies. Collective Energy Update 2019!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0p33YYIIjsc

115.  How To Balance Your Lower Chakras, Sacred Sexuality & Why It's Important!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ho53x_3Fo68

116.  How To Be Feminine and Intuitive As A Modern Woman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqHcreebbuU

117.  HOW TO BECOME A JEDI  EARTH'S GALACTIC HISTORY  STAR WARS  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eg0txeL_9vI

118.  How To Clear Your Energy - Release Fear & Anxiety (Grounding Techniques).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pi_SWnpe4ZE

119.  HOW TO CLEAR YOUR ENERGY, CORD CUTTING & AURA CLEARING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NES0F4XM93c

120.  How To Connect With Fairies & Elementals  Earth Guardianship (Mt. Shasta).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NQHHJmGEps

121.  How To Connect With Your Guardian Angel (Easy Ways That Really Work).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCnxHCdre64

122.  How To Connect With Your Spirit Guides! Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wewC5VbTq0w

123.  How To Connect With Your Starseed Origin & Cosmic Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15JZbkwqzxw

124.  How To Create More Presence In Your Life & Enjoy The Moment (Live With No Regrets)!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdcP17yqCNc

125.  How To Develop Extrasensory Perception & Psychic Abilities WO New Age Pressure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxbxMv_3qY4

126.  HOW TO DISCOVER YOUR LIFE PURPOSE!! EMBODY YOUR DESTINY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxzsIm1QuNs

127.  HOW TO EXIT THE 3D MIND MATRIX PART 1 - BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_6HjUcvQ90

128.  How To Exit The Matrix And Still Help Humanity!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWTJVdcXPCk

129.  How To Find Your Passion  Why You Have No Passion & Solutions w Patrick Haize.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJIYbNRXkoo

130.  HOW TO GET MOTIVATED IN LIFE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeMEePQP6t4

131.  HOW TO GROUND & CONNECT TO EARTH AS A STARSEED  GROUNDING MEDITATION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1uqQ7Wyqq4

132.  HOW TO HANDLE CHANGE & MAKE FRIENDS WITH THE UNKNOWN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54udUlwOkhk

133.  How To Handle Retrograde Planets  Mercury Retrograde & Astrology.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NweVM4J8JwA

134.  How To Handle When Friends & Family Don't Get You  Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTn5QrEq-As

135.  How to Heal Yourself  My Top 5 Spiritual Healing Tips!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgb88BLuxxo

136.  How To Increase ET Contact, Letting Go of Physical Appearance - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sd0k9E8X0lc

137.  How To Increase Synchronicity & Spiritual Experiences  Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doo9iaGkMmk

138.  How To KNOW If It’s Your Spirit Guide & Trust Your Intuition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLYta5pTbJw

139.  How To Live Your Dream Life  Lifestyle Design.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_stt-4zkD70

140.  How to Live Your Purpose & Dream Life w Aaron Doughty & Leeor Alexandra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XCpH0CxtAM

141.  How To Overcome Perfectionism and Express Yourself!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IUHHu8lrNM

142.  HOW TO OVERCOME UNCERTAINTY, CREATE BALANCE & FEEL SAFE IN CHANGING TIMES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tTuTirBdv4

143.  How to Raise Your Frequency and Increase Your Vibration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZ_FVzA94ag

144.  How To RECEIVE & Let Love In Now!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3URjYZuBjc

145.  How To Remember Your ET Contact Experiences - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCcoNihidMw

146.  HOW TO REMEMBER YOUR PAST LIVES, PARALLEL INCARNATIONS & SPONTANEOUS RECALL  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGjwcOb2Sbo

147.  How To Set Boundaries as an Empath or Highly Sensitive Person.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRzvNEKiaPA

148.  How To Shift Your Paradigm and Parallel Realities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZkOZLtZHJc

149.  How To Stay Healthy This Winter & Boost Your Immune System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLIh4X2ZHlU

150.  How To Stop Caring What People Think Of You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeWl5X0OGFA

151.  How To Take Your Spiritual Awakening To The NEXT Level!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65mfotO_Bo0

152.  How To Thrive & Prevent Deficiencies On A Plant-Based Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYZdlWGzrn0

153.  How Use Trump being President as Fuel for Change - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbvR8ZloWaM

154.  HOW WHALE WISDOM CHANGED ME - BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh6jRujFR7U

155.  Human Starseed Earth Alien Download.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSrfy3cazPk

156.  Hybrid Children Now Using Plants to Connect, 2015! - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiv1IbnrMXo

157.  HYBRID CHILDREN PRESENTATION  UFOLOGY WORLD CONGRESS  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4NA-EbtfhI

158.  Hybrid Children, Baby-Dropping Mommas - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQyrcE2x8TA

159.  Hybrid Children- Kirk's First Hybrid Children Experiences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05dwQos6gKU

160.  Hybrid Daughter Amber ~ The Tree Spirit ) Hybrid Children - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzXlsDhWEKI

161.  I have a BIG Announcement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtIszZ69D8c

162.  I Would Love Your Support! More Content for You ) - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k5Im37ZrBs

163.  Indigo Children, Crystal Kids, Star Kids are connected to Hybrid Children - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDC75-2FwUs

164.  Indigo Children, Starseeds, and The RAINBOW WARRIOR Mission (Chakra Balancing)!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKtUzNlHAQ0

165.  Inherited Family Trauma & Ancestral Healing with Mark Wolynn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lC88anYCUws

166.  Inner Earth Civilizations - Hollow Earth - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JEXRYyQBVA

167.  Kirk's Experience of Physically Meeting His Hybrid Children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRQ2DoToLlM

168.  LIGHT, CLARITY, DISCERNMENT & ALIGNING YOURSELF TO THRIVE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWYmMZX6WcI

169.  Live HAPPY & HEALTHY Sedona Adventure - Bridget Nielsen - September 14-18th.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDpOcy9mDGA

170.  Living as the Divine Feminine  Moon-CycleMenstruationPeriod Intuition  Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoCRstOB9lA

171.  Living In Community  My Experiences, Benefits & Downsides.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXbC6CPS1DE

172.  Lucid Dreaming for Contact Playshop! - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vlgs97Qh6ik

173.  MAKING CONTACT WITH WILD DOLPHINS & ATLANTIS COUNTERPART ENERGIES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Or6C1rf5vHM

174.  MANIFEST JOY, WONDER & FULFILLMENT THROUGH EMBODIMENT & PARTICIPATION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgF3F6EaLsQ

175.  Mayan Caribbean, Tulum Adventure, Jan 14-21st 2017 - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j98wDVc3YZo

176.  MAYAN MAGIC  INNER EARTH & PYRAMID POWER - BRIDGET NELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SC-3FmiczUw

177.  Moon Cycle Free Bleeding (The Sacred Time Of Menstruation & Periods).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NuGuYwYxmd8

178.  Moon Magic - How To Positively Use DARK MOON Energy!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YrBfRtXGN0

179.  Mt Shasta & Redwoods Adventure with Bridget & Kirk Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3wQ-1VRspM

180.  MY FOOD JOURNEY  VEGETARIAN, ANIMAL SPIRITS & VEGAN  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjwBSqHr2RI

181.  My Guardian Angel Saved My Life  Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkwWsc4bm1A

182.  My Pleiadian Starseed Story - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HHByBOS3pg

183.  MY SOBER DMT EXPERIENCES  NATURAL HIGH - BRIDGET NELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5HjD9kYR3U

184.  MY SPIRIITUAL JOURNEY UPDATE  SOCIAL CURRENCY & LISTENING TO SPIRIT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSy6fW9221I

185.  MY TOP 5 KEYS TO THE LAW OF ATTRACTION I MANIFESTATION I BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWGRMSg5zkA

186.  New Year's Visioning & 2020 Goal Setting!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HC4TXOfKfbk

187.  OPEN YOUR THROAT CHAKRA, SPEAK UP & EXPRESS YOURSELF  GLASTONBURY ENGLAND.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j924qN_9DJk

188.  Organic, Eco-Clothing Health Upgrade & Earth Sustainability! Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1P41LCSvc7o

189.  Past Life Soul Themes & Karmic Destiny!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_MW_Ry-y0k

190.  PEOPLE ON THE STREET EP 3, WASHINGTON D.C.  ET CONTACT, GOVERNMENT DISCLOSURE  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxP200Gml2Q

191.  PEOPLE ON THE STREET EP 4, NEW YORK CITY  ET CONTACT, GOVERNMENT DISCLOSURE, UFOS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIiO1yncE78

192.  Powerful Empath Tool To Raise Your Vibration!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn-maRed-44

193.  Powerful Spiritual Growth And Development Tip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATp-oRrhzKc

194.  Preparing For ET Contact~ Shifting from an Individual to Collective! - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5C_T5-BbJJI

195.  PREPARING YOUR VESSEL FOR ASCENSION I PHYSICAL DETOXIFICATION & TURNING ON ESP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PeLwckfmww

196.  Radical Honesty - The Importance Of Telling The Truth In Relationships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfccPPO_s4I

197.  Raven, The Native Sedona Hybrid Child! - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQjRaMWtOdc

198.  REAL RAW AUTHENTICITY FOR SPIRITUAL GROWTH, HEALING & EXPRESSION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cs9W3nQmd4Y

199.  REALLY READY FOR 5D UTILIZING THE 3D MAINSTREAM MATRIX - PART 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHKqnakeOQ0

200.  Rebirth Healing! Energetic Healing For Birth Trauma (My Story).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmG6nJwtCnA

201.  REMEMBERING YOUR WILD NATURE & RELEASING CULTURAL PROGRAMMING  REWILD  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tc_xhyxEdzw

202.  Sacred Sexuality For Starseeds & Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vH3GZPrJNmU

203.  Sedona Vortex Meditation ~ Sitting with the Cathedral Rock Vortex ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVlFtnD0u-0

204.  SELF LOVE Habits That WORK and My Self Love Routine!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k01BhwBzqE

205.  SERVICE TO OTHERS, OUR FUTURE & THE NEXT 7 GENERATION PRINCIPLE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Xw-4zSicr8

206.  Sex and Spirituality! Sacred Sensuality and Prana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4huG4CX2w0

207.  Shadow Work - How To End Suffering and Negative Patterns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQnxXEKzA7I

208.  Shadow Work Through Ancestral Healing & Morphogenetic Field Dynamics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfWG4udeiEw

209.  SHADOW WORK, INTEGRATING DARKNESS & RIGHT USE OF POWER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_Zsp6P_67U

210.  SHOULD YOU SHARE YOUR SPIRITUAL EXPERIENCES CULTIVATING YOUR PSYCHIC ABILITIES  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7p0TqKCOQvY

211.  Simple Guide To Crystals for Beginners - Tucson Gem Show 2020!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dxm241yFpNk

212.  Simple Ways To Help The Environment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4k87dvwDrg

213.  Sirius Starseed Meditation (Starseed DNA Activation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDiOJfBK0qY

214.  SKELLIG MICHAEL'S SACRED ENERGY  STAR WARS ISLAND  THE LAST JEDI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9BjWjLTW9E

215.  Soleil Shakani ET Hybrid (Sassani) Contact Empowerer - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SiFZgypnibw

216.  Soulmate Signs, Kinds and Signals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbr5O-K1Tgs

217.  Space Clearing  Clear Negative Energy From Your House.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MHNZUU7lqo

218.  Spirit Guide Vs Negative Entity Guidance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEIJIEFLGzw

219.  Spiritual Development & Personal Work  Self Mastery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGQgM8uhEHI

220.  SPIRITUAL DISCERNMENT  CHOOSING A POSITIVE REALITY & SELF-EMPOWERMENT  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVq2C9Nisps

221.  Spiritual Sirius Symbol Meditation - Bridget Nielsen (Cetacean Energy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pW1LbVeqRos

222.  SPIRITUALITY & MONEY I IS IT BALANCED FOR TO CHARGE FOR HEALINGSPIRITUALITY I BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fo6ic6sdOYU

223.  Spirituality, Leaving Religion, & Living With Compassion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7Hq6qzlK6E

224.  Spring Equinox - 3 Ceremonial Ideas To Harness the Light Of March 20th.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2x1PvV-cxvA

225.  Standing in YOUR Truth & Deciphering Mass Media - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQp7yAQ9Hts

226.  Starseed Awakening & Contact Activation Tips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J02c-iRwBkQ

227.  Starseed Awakening - Remember Your Mission & ET Experiences (Talk From Alan Steinfeld's Book Launch).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujLrQLEXWLU

228.  Starseed Origins - 5 Ways To Find Your Starseed Origin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqXMFkPOzdc

229.  STARSEED TO STARBLOOM  STARSEED MISSION PRESENTATION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--KXlHRwaBY

230.  Summer Solstice Meditation - Activate Your Inner Light!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yyf-yUnWm8I

231.  THE ALL KNOWING STATE, CLAIRCOGNIZANCE & INTUITION  BRIDGET NIELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZFfrvNAjAs

232.  The Art of Simplicity & The Barnard Star System - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TngX0ZAQQZk

233.  The BEST Kind Of Spiritual Retreat For You (Yoga, Vipassana, Meditation, Aya).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIrB9d_iOcU

234.  The Big Event  Transition from 5th to 6th Sun, May 26th 2021 with Sergio Magana (May 28th, 2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNT-09i8hNE

235.  The BIG SHIFT No One Tells You About Spiritual Awakening!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Id49jK04n54

236.  The Dark Night Of The Soul & How To Get Through It (My Journey).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBhiw45aAQg

237.  The End of Self-Sacrifice - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4plPQzm8co

238.  The End of The Spiritual Span!! Moving Into the Unknown - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzsyB1mXL2I

239.  The Greys & Alien Starseed Timelines (Learn From Your Future Self).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU_RjNo7FmA

240.  The Importance of Creating a Spiritual Foundation - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p55FL3f2ab0

241.  The IMPORTANCE Of The ETHERIC BODY (Awaken Past Life Memories & Psychic Gifts).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rx6tRoAKpP8

242.  The Mirror Effect, How To Make Reality Is Your Friend!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dR3ozVYwqrw

243.  The most POWERFUL Ascension Technique That You Need To Know!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqMZlrvlPrA

244.  The Significance Of Lucid Dreaming For Ascension!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBHgNE4sTHw

245.  The Significance Of Moon Cycle Menstruation - Divine Feminine Rituals For Your Period!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1jNQgTGA-E

246.  The Solstice Gateway Energy Update (December 21st, 2020).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnVgCgKyxfY

247.  THE SPIRITUAL ENERGY OF MT. SHASTA  TRAVEL GUIDE  CROWN CHAKRA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xzfAaBOdv4

248.  The TRUTH About Empath Boundaries & Burnout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrjGHEm9bbk

249.  The TRUTH no one tells you about the STARSEED mission and ET Contact!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOrR6eP0DsQ

250.  Throat Chakra Opening, Activation, & Speaking Your Truth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LmkU4t4Q1A

251.  TRANSPARENCY, PRIVACY, AWAKENING IN THE DIGITAL AGE & ET DISCLOSURE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la5tXbDEWfI

252.  TRUE POWER  INNER CHILD + INNOCENCE  MIND CONTROL SOLUTIONS + PIZZAGATE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkHDcEqp7T8

253.  Trusting Your Intuition & Mastering Discernment - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7S6zvKQgRaE

254.  Upheaval Dome Vortex, Moab Utah and Ufo Sightings - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBTpvEbUf6Q

255.  Using a High Vibration to Overcome Challenge & Hardship  Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3itjsgx-DE

256.  VIRGIN & THE WHORE, BALANCING THE DIVINE FEMININE ARCHETYPE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PevfgQNBys0

257.  Visiting Earth’s Chakra Points, Energy Vortexes, And Sacred Sites!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwR2AImggNQ

258.  Wake Up! Everything Is Supporting Your Awakening - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wS2Lyd53GE8

259.  Waves of Spiritual Awakening & Ascension Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dD-6DXYZwQ

260.  What ALL STARSEED Souls Must Know - Right Now!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3UJiCVTYDQ

261.  What Do You Want to See Video Requests - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIlgh3D7UKs

262.  WHAT HUMAN RACES ARE CONNECTED TO THE STARS - BRIDGET NELSEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlwkYIlc1Vg

263.  What I Eat In A Day  Spring Edition (Plant-basedVegan) High Vibrational Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8sP10KhH5w

264.  What I Eat In A Day  Winter Edition (Plant-basedVegan).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewyTJz9meYg

265.  WHAT I EAT IN A DAY IN HAWAII I VEGAN I 100`% LOCAL FOR 1 WEEK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIBROo9qrMo

266.  What is a Starseed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmQ0-O2Q4AY

267.  What You Should Know About The Winter SOLSTICE Gateway (1221 Energy Update).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbH77gXb5Qg

268.  Why Empaths Get So Tired & How To Set Boundaries (How To Have More Energy)!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pxDmvN6gDY

269.  Why is Alien Abduction Happening Zeta Reticuli & Our Future World - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I236nR10DOE

270.  Why Meditate Awesome Benefits After 30 Days of Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MywQRS6Aauo

271.  Willa Hillicrissing's Reality & Picture ~ Earth's Future Hybrid Children - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pu4rqgZxQ1Y

272.  Willa Hillicrissing~ Teaching Us How Being Natural Is Advanced - Part 2 - Bridget Nielsen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpOtTYSBJlM
Bridget Nielsen - Videos