
1.  1. Blue Swede - Hooked on a Feeling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrI-UBIB8Jk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

2.  10cc - I'm Not In Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STugQ0X1NoI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

3.  5. Elvin Bishop - Fooled Around and Fell in Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyMMEmwFQUE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

4.  Abba - The Name Of The Game (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJ90ZqH0PWI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

5.  Al Green - Let's Stay Together (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXx6RDzR6eM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

6.  Al Green - Love and Happiness (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQl54ozhwZg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

7.  Albert Hammond - It Never Rains In Southern California (1973) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gmq4WIjQxp0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

8.  America - A horse with no name (clip HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm4BrZjY_Sg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

9.  Anne Murray - You Needed Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6nfpxZ2Nz4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

10.  Anne Murray I Just Fall in Love Again (2003).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPZ9p5FdoXQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

11.  Bee Gees - How Deep Is Your Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpqqjU7u5Yc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

12.  Bill Withers - Lovely Day (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEeaS6fuUoA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

13.  Billy Joel - Piano Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxEPV4kolz0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

14.  Bob Dylan - Knockin' On Heaven's Door (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rm9coqlk8fY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

15.  Bonnie Tyler  It's A Heartache.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8VGQTtENSs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

16.  Bread - Make It with You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4R93xnKink&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

17.  Carly Simon - You're So Vain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j13oJajXx0M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

18.  Carpenters - Close to You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaOyoVS-IAI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

19.  Carpenters - Rainy Days And Mondays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjFoQxjgbrs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

20.  Carpenters - Superstar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJmmaIGiGBg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

21.  carpenters -We've Only Just Begun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__VQX2Xn7tI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

22.  Commodores - Sail On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg-ivWxy5KE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

23.  Curtis Mayfield - Diamond in the Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVANQheoRUw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

24.  Deep Purple - Highway Star.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wr9ie2J2690&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

25.  Delegation - Oh Honey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbMzoSVKp1Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

26.  Dionne Warwick  I'll Never Love This Way Again (ORIGINAL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LO9NP-SiT8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

27.  Don McLean - Vincent ( Starry, Starry Night) With Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxHnRfhDmrk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

28.  Donny Hathaway  - A Song For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeHiio1sTTI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

29.  Dr Hook -  Sharing The Night Together (1978).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_n_NgGWpR4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

30.  DRAMATICS   IN THE RAIN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ux8gZuvTVR8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

31.  Earth, Wind & Fire - After The Love Has Gone (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUCLNPOjPZw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

32.  Elton John - Goodbye Yellow Brick Road Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDOL7iY8kfo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

33.  Elton John - Rocket Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtVBCG6ThDk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

34.  Elvis Presley - Burning Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zf2VYAtqRe0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

35.  Eric Clapton - Wonderful Tonight (Live Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUSzL2leaFM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

36.  Escape (The Pina Colada Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xb6l38eP-4w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

37.  Exile - Kiss You All Over • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpaCXtahXxk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

38.  Fleetwood Mac - Dreams (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3ywicffOj4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

39.  Fleetwood Mac - Go Your Own Way (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozl3L9fhKtE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

40.  Fleetwood Mac - Rhiannon (Official Music VIdeo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQAK6sVovUk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

41.  George Harrison - My Sweet Lord.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SP9wms6oEMo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

42.  Gerry Rafferty - Right Down the Line (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jR8RiBMecx4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

43.  Gilbert O'Sullivan - Alone Again (original version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_P-v1BVQn8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

44.  Glen Campbell   Rhinestone Cowboy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_Qe1U5JIt8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

45.  Gordon Lightfoot - Wreck Of The Edmund Fitzgerald (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuzTkGyxkYI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

46.  Heart of Gold (2009 Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3IA6pIVank&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

47.  I Don't Want to Talk About It (2008 Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysQwI-hFLgI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

48.  Isley Brothers- Living for the Love of you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMdBs7uTLHw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

49.  Jim Croce - Time in a bottle - 1973.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dO1rMeYnOmM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

50.  Jimmy Cliff - I Can See Clearly Now (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrHxhQPOO2c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

51.  Joe Walsh - Life's Been Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXWvKDSwvls&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

52.  John Denver - Annie's Song (from The Wildlife Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TyJRsp5t9mA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

53.  John Denver - Rocky Mountain High (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOB4VdlkzO4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

54.  Ladies Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVWqSWmzgYA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

55.  Lobo - I'd Love You To Want Me (1972 - HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbP6RPdg7qU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

56.  Looking Glass - Brandy (You're a Fine Girl) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVx8L7a3MuE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

57.  Lou Reed - Walk on the Wild Side (audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oG6fayQBm9w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

58.  Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes) - Edison Lighthouse (1970).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1EpaboCERg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

59.  Middle of the Road - Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep - Totp 1971.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSNSTerj2Kc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

60.  Mungo Jerry - In The Summertime ORIGINAL 1970.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvUQcnfwUUM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

61.  Nazareth - Love Hurts 1975 (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_1LP3Z6pW4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

62.  Neither One Of Us Gladys Knight and the Pips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_Lh4MFiw08&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

63.  New Kid in Town (2013 Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Pa5nqYXEnY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

64.  Paul Davis- I go crazy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THW-5OUTSt8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

65.  Peter Gabriel - Solsbury Hill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OO2PuGz-H8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

66.  Pink Floyd - Another Brick In The Wall, Part Two (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrxX9TBj2zY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

67.  Player - Baby Come Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn-enjcgV1o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

68.  Queen - Killer Queen (Top Of The Pops, 1974).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZBtPf7FOoM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

69.  Queen - Love Of My Life (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUJkCXE4sAA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

70.  Queen - You're My Best Friend (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaZpZQG2z10&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

71.  Redbone - Come and Get Your Love (Single Edit - Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bc0KhhjJP98&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

72.  Rod Stewart - Sailing (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOt3oQ_k008&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

73.  Rod Stewart - You're In My Heart (from One Night Only!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-xHOR8_ZSU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

74.  Simple Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVRS6SzOjf8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

75.  Smokie - Living Next Door to Alice (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6qnRS36EgE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

76.  Sometimes When We Touch - Dan Hill - Official Video 1994.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IATz8ZVTALo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

77.  STAND BY ME. (Ultimate Mix, 2020) - John Lennon (official music video HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqB8Dm65X18&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

78.  Stevie Wonder Superstition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CFuCYNx-1g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

79.  Stevie Wonder-Isn't She Lovely Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVvkjuEAwgU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

80.  Stir It Up (1973) - Bob Marley & The Wailers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hwL3S3Gtzs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

81.  Styx - Babe 1980.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBi61pgDUP8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

82.  Summer Breeze - Seals & Croft  #1 Hit(1972).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsW8rXPcnM0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

83.  Terry Jacks - Seasons In The Sun (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tPcc1ftj8E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

84.  The Carpenters - Yesterday Once More (INCLUDES LYRICS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTaWayUE5XA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

85.  The Doobie Brothers - What A Fool Believes (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKYQNtF11eg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

86.  The Floaters - Float On  -  HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZklwTGZutc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

87.  The Kinks - Lola (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LemG0cvc4oU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

88.  The Manhattans - Kiss and Say Goodbye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtjro7_R3-4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

89.  The Rolling Stones - Angie - OFFICIAL PROMO (Version 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcZn2-bGXqQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

90.  The Temptations - Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5Z9-QCmZyw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

91.  The Whispers - And The Beat Goes On (1979).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOaxEa5ONJw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

92.  Todd Rundgren - Hello Its Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsezr0qiFIc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

93.  Two Out of Three Ain't Bad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVvXWUAKtus&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

94.  Wish You Were Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjpF8ukSrvk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

95.  You Decorated my Life - Kenny Rogers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uY-CKe4lvwY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO

96.  Yvonne Elliman If I can't have you 1977 169.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQ8O9SidZbs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCro11duzbFFwRAG4SVRYTO
70s Easy Listening Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1970's Easy Listening Songs