
1.  10 Facts You Didn't Know about Budgies!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq9Tzab98_Q

2.  10 Facts You Didn't Know about Goldfish!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CC56-1F400E

3.  a 1010 vlog with no context.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52Ee1u-aJuA

4.  A Day in the Life (35 Miles to School Everyday!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zIJJqxoIB0

5.  a Saturday..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zuq0fZtdTA

6.  a vlog that will make you smile ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syobV7Kwc6g

7.  All My Animals! Updates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxFhmEuvjZ8

8.  ALL MY BETTA FISH DIE - Q&A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3A56gvsNKo

9.  Are Budgies the Right Pet for You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyWcSiLxeFE

10.  art.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKEPP8sbLCk

11.  Bedroom Tour (Aquarium, PC Setup, etc).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moIhG32BUZY

12.  Bedroom Tour 2019! (with Birbs ??).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFDOT426fTU

13.  Before You Get Budgies....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6DCPm6op7U

14.  Being Gay in High School in 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2njXlB0S1Og

15.  Birthday GoalsNew Years Resolutions ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_pKzbkyI-I

16.  Boy Tries Makeup for the First Time (Emotional).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8Ncd3JrF8Q

17.  BudgieParakeet Care Guide  Basic Info.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WHY5797keI

18.  CAR TALK with my Sister Ellie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxcEc4-piPw

19.  Come Fly with Me! (Practicing Landings).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0STwq_3j0M

20.  Convince Your Parents to Let You Get a Budgie!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvoI1EErPGc

21.  Cosmo Has Mites! Expensive Vet Trip ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqf7QKGyeXc

22.  Day in the Life of Gabe and the Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8leusy2QuDc

23.  ew... i made a new years resolution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqxKsa_H-Wc

24.  FINALLY - New Goldfish Tank (Vlog and Montage).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUuH-xuBuMI

25.  Getting Your First Budgie! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QS5e2kznvEE

26.  Goldfish Myths DEBUNKED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B63GDVN6ak4

27.  Goodbye Lucca 41916.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7kr_IlIu7o

28.  Goodbye, 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKWGYnpUhnE

29.  Hamster Cages 101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3L5BB6GuXM

30.  Hamster Owners vs. Bird Owners (Sketch) w Tori Raechel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCPVyPbfP9c

31.  How Much Does it Cost to Keep Budgies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vfz_I_PoPtc

32.  How Much Does it Cost to Keep Fancy Goldfish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6nMRzf2AWI

33.  How Much Does it Cost to Own a Hamster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SicXXmK4_jU

34.  I Crashed My Car and Moved House! ??????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3b3Uc7jpkyA

35.  i drove 50 miles for some ham. then i made fun of james charles..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82vz9VZHm2U

36.  I Flew a Plane! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjkzbQz6Ed4

37.  I Got Glasses! ?? (REVEAL) + talking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlpN6laGIsI

38.  I got my braces off!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5e-172ftXYM

39.  I lost 45 pounds!  Life Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJQero_hrVc

40.  I SHAVED ALL MY HAIR OFF (Rambling).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcFRCgll-hg

41.  i think i might be a sociopath....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhnkAIlh5vQ

42.  i went outside.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuSjwfX3Lx4

43.  I'M BACK AND I'M BUSY (Cringe Warning).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqUpf6FbQEQ

44.  im gay. (coming out).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33QAnTFNBDI

45.  im tHRIVING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IjU3kLMH8A

46.  In Happy Memory of Molly 51116.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKGPbe0xqZo

47.  In Memory of Hank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhEUDWBdOlk

48.  Introducing a New Bird to Another Bird!  Budgie Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6r7XQr8oVyo

49.  Is Pet YouTube Dead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsCMfv8hrmk

50.  Is The Earth Flat ?? Q&A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z02IY0LB12E

51.  Keeping Pets with Divorced Parents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHvcyuJblfE

52.  Making Costumes for my Pets! HALLOWEEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7V94UjpJwQs

53.  MARRYING MY BIRDS ?? (fail).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCzQDVOXWDQ

54.  Meet My Pets! (I haz a lot of amnals).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGAn0KN_Jx8

55.  MEET MY SISTER! (Sibling Tag).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eEkJZlIuXM

56.  Minimum Cage Size for BudgiesParakeets!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HERFLKyuKc

57.  Molting Birbs and Braces  Talking Vlog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzD5H4Zx0pc

58.  Moving Fish and Bathin' Doggos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mm6xuMJw0dw

59.  My Bird Reacting to K-Pop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9JiTroMhzs

60.  MY CRINGEY, OLD, PRIVATE VIDEOS (Reaction).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWA7jwtUUqM

61.  my draft tweets are sO bad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHA5F1igH80

62.  My Favorite TikToks So Far!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qs5q-k39T2I

63.  My First Ever Pet Q&A!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_T5-3hQzbM

64.  My First Solo Flight! Cessna 172.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFmsXsy33eM

65.  My Girl Bird is a Boy... ¯_(?)_¯.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0WF-UKOP8M

66.  My Life is About to Change... Big Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJWkh1g_F6U

67.  My Morning Routine! (+ Animals).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80yFMACA_LQ

68.  MY SISTER GRADUATED COLLEGE! Arizona Vlog 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PN3UylLbF0s

69.  Packing for Spain!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICgQxfnFymU

70.  Q&A - I'M TERRIFIED OF TARANTULAS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyHfg7iFlrA

71.  Reacting to Medicate by Gabbie Hanna (My New Favorite Song ??).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewknCs1Flfs

72.  REACTING TO MY FIRST FANART.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwXcyVorEGM

73.  Reading DumbMean Comments!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUhJqVzRlcg

74.  Reading Weird Comments 2!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7DdAcyLTz0

75.  SEEING ORCAS! (Seattle Trip July 2016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsZR_WuxLIo

76.  Should I Clip My Bird's Wings (Clipping vs. Free Flight).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPwTNxJOL2A

77.  Should I Get One or Two Birds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qv9ZyMgniHw

78.  Singing with Noise-Cancelling Headphones Cringe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYra0Bc21Oo

79.  Sister Reacts to my Cringey, Privated Videos EMOTIONAL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLSNYr5skiA

80.  Stray Dog STANDING IN THE STREET! Storytime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUulPM8SoVs

81.  Taking the Bird Quiz!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McdS_XStVbY

82.  The Ultimate Halloween Video  ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-wvzPG8h2Y

83.  the ZESTIEST ?? birb memes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smdcL4TvQaY

84.  This Blackhead Mask is PAINFUL (Talking).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JR1KErNpiME

85.  This Wendy's Burger was Yellow! (Mukbang).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8rPNgfXs1s

86.  This will make you sound like the Sims.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMeGoAu3yEI

87.  Trying My Animals' Food ???.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XynD2xYvUMA

88.  Tyler Rugge is my YouTube Dad ?? Q&A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0b0RIpomOHw

89.  VLOG  Meet the Horses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuQV_JA0C9k

90.  Vlog Pet Store and a New Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQ5ePHldaQg

91.  Welcome Skye and Lucca!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Sfc6PiwaPU

92.  What I Got for Christmas 2018!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39QV9D4wq6w

93.  What You Need for a Pet Budgie! MATERIALS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vz3QSQc2nu0

94.  Where have I been Saying Goodbye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9VTHuBnnmY

95.  Who's my celebrity crush! Q&A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2esNbZQMQmw

96.  Why Goldfish Bowls are Bad!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LokWc_mZLE4

97.  Why I Don't Go to the Fair Anymore - Animals as Prizes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BF-ox8xIuU

98.  worms lay eggs. welcome to my Q&A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6lAE4LHXuc

99.  You Skipped Class HOW Many Times! Never Have I Ever with my Sister (Tea).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okMl5q5kL34

100.  YOUTH  - Shawn Mendes (Cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6FkjiqthxM

101.  YouTube Boys I Have Crushes On 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwDJ0W--NqY

102.  YouTuber Smash or Pass with My Sister!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc-jMdYg7TY

103.  YOUTUBERS SHOULDN'T GET ANIMALS..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn_IN69t7LE

104.  ?? Very ?? Dangerous ?? Animals ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9qGP5v2sak

105.  ???? BIRB MEMES ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQtseuJMjps

106.  ?? MEET OUR PUPPY ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHFfiLRdzlo

107.  ?? DO NOT DISTURB THE BIRB ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2MkVVNl1g8

108.  ?? Books I Just Read ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XgD7s9R6Oxw

109.  ?? Birb Memes Sent to us from the Heavens ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5IlYTDvMnk

110.  ??????? I got my pilot's license!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diVIAlgk78s
Gabe Varns - Videos