
#1 Birthday Collection Folio Intro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7BfETr6RpI

#1 Cardstock Skinny Mini - Cover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kL40d9YgLc

#1 Clothespin Frame Gift Card Holder Box Envelope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J43D1_XFrek

#1 EPB Mini - Overview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkgqCpSvA6s

#1 EPB Mini Folio Overview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06r-eVS-nX4

#1 Faceted Box with Lid - Lid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywgxWbeTU6g

#1 FFVMA - Assembly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fuh-i14HOJQ

#1 Folio Card Intro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQ3E5DXOO0w

#1 Index Card December Daily
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xXeiCFxi_0

#1 KonMari Treat Box EPB Matchbox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz-CCvD4j-g

#1 MAMA - Pages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-2eKKBdGjE

#1 Notecard Folio - Overview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABeZGkhSDS8

#1 Pocket Page Wallet - Overview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-EVl3eecnU

#1 Pull Strip Gift Card Holder & Envelope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zHjDAy45Sg

#2 Birthday Collection Folio Cover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPk0tSIWOTU

#2 Cardstock Skinny Mini - Inside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38ohKvzxDRg

#2 Clothespin Frame Gift Card Holder Frame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_kA5MEbxaI

#2 EPB Mini - A Piece
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nySKEZVh-wU

#2 EPB Mini Folio Cover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iu_cpDyHVbE

#2 Faceted Box with Lid - Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUSvSpdA1tE

#2 FFVMA - Pockets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEqGwl6hqsc

#2 Folio Card Base
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_5GwANwW3o

#2 ICDD Cover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWdyTfPPlaY

#2 KonMari Treat Box Dresser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRReypLdX10

#2 MAMA - Flaps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghn6T5APCrs

#2 Notecard Folio - Folio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8nKSpZCVT0

#2 Pocket Page Wallet - Section 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2nMl198o4E

#2 Pull Strip Gift Card Holder & Envelope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsNix6olg3w

#3 Birthday Collection Folio File Folder Pockets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEdo2tkgynA

#3 Cardstock Skinny Mini - Assembly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7t6vQ0uQb4

#3 Clothespin Frame Gift Card Holder Twine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Fndh7wBXU0

#3 EPB Mini - B Piece
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp-9Eqr7nNw

#3 EPB Mini Folio Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Gd-U0qybOs

#3 Faceted Box with Lid - Matting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6qlgDHpcPY

#3 FFVMA - Matting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsrd02JLGVo

#3 Folio Card Double Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQumSf9c4XE

#3 ICDD Pages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMSH666Ob8c

#3 KonMari Treat Box Fun Foam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phLZ-SftoCY

#3 MAMA - Flip Pockets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAJ5tpHAP0U

#3 Notecard Folio - Box Sleeves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuYbe8sSdgY

#3 Pocket Page Wallet - Section 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omaCBNqaLZ4

#4 Birthday Collection Folio Photo Sleeves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G07Hy8q-iro

#4 Cardstock Skinny Mini - Matting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoKjCvfqV54

#4 Clothespin Frame Gift Card Holder Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vNy8o6p1aI

#4 EPB Mini - Page Assembly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJ9HX7EHVgg

#4 EPB Mini Folio Flap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAP8j_mLzaQ

#4 FFVMA - Box Sleeve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXZj8Il6sas

#4 Folio Card Waterfall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pk8F3EmaKEk

#4 ICDD Sleeve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMQ1FQAQoCQ

#4 KonMari Treat Box Drawers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL1R_qR5SnA

#4 MAMA - Pockets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayXpbhYZdZ4

#4 Notecard Folio - Triple Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4ZEiFOHX_Y

#4 Pocket Page Wallet - Cover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpI4zu5keEM

#5 Birthday Collection Folio Flaps & Back Cover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4Ge8hj3L4s

#5 EPB Mini - Chipboard Cover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cF_MaCSqe8

#5 Folio Card Clasp Envelope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYO0If68Z1s

#5 ICDD Flips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViDBUGksusc

#5 MAMA - Binding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QXo-1K4Wrk

#5 Notecard Folio - Assembly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGAYIhnXD90

#5 Pocket Page Wallet - Assembly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf05k50p65I

#6 MAMA - Cover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xefQJ3nggcw

#7 MAMA - Attach Pages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjxNakFjluI

#8 MAMA - Details
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNerVGGZLvk

#9 MAMA - Matting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTRvmBT2L1c

1 Baby Carriage Punch Art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4eu-uFsAEI

10 Helpful Tips for Filming a Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfrAybwU48k

2-Envelope Insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRL8-bHLWys

2-Pocket Belly Band
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5Aa40YsNG0

3 x 3 Card In A Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXR9jpMBR0A

3-Pocket Insert wIndex Cards for Journaling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVpr7j4A3kg

3-Signature File Folder Junk Journal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GP8tvWCu7k

6-Pocket Insert for Mini Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2uj5MrXieo

8-Pocket Mini Folio PART 1 BasePocket 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3gLxNqqv6o

8-Pocket Mini Folio PART 2 Pockets 2-4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8Ku6NIvmmU

8-Pocket Mini Folio PART 3 Pockets 5-6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eV0YOkAT2to

8-Pocket Mini Folio PART 4 Pockets 7-8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_iLRaZ6WDA

8-Pocket Mini Folio PART 5 Inserts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--pnLnh28Do

8-Pocket Mini Folio PART 6 Bonus Waterfall Insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhOMvHzEFEw

8-Pocket Mini Folio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXuttDCehHk

A2 Pocket Card Halloween Printable & Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwxGHrbHW5g

A2 Side Panel Fold Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHL4XGVg-mU

ATC Box Sleeve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99rxTWdD2ag

Baby Bottle Shower Favor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8q1QT2V0mz0

Baby Carriage Using Unbranded Basket Die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0v5-gXAg-gA

Bag & Envelope Insert - Assembly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1V27tFSAG0

Bag & Envelope Insert - Matting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FepNt0QjRxg

Bandage Treat Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVWLocqCvVE

Beyond Easy! String Tie Closure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2-1p2fjLNI

Bicycle Card w Bottle Cap Shakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3XMTsda1b0

Birthday Cake Gum CardInvite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGKKUFrO_l0

Blending Tool Magnet Stand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCuGjUB05wY

Blocks Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4H6Kveu0ctc

Book Page Envelope wType Going in the Same Direction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQ4hgZy24gY

Book-Shaped Gift Card Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkyeK7tJMKs

Box Envelope for Blocks Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aN0BXBSrxK4

Camera Gift Card Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yqPrxmUWCU

Card Make from Kim’s Card Kits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iu7J7OCFtNY

Card Using Vertigo Film
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmHHgHt_o4M

CD Sleeve Cocoa Pouch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBXUZjCLalo

Challenge Kit Altered Ticket Submissions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NfOqKOQ-2s

Cheap Cricut Tool Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fw1FI1Zt8lg

Circus Collection Folio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwzZ7yAdm9s

Completed Dollar Calendar Mini
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWcp71-W4Dw

Condiment Cup Packaging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HY04DeE5BN0

Congrats!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RoNtY6Lv0Ag

Congratulations! (1054802)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDBVNnP_OsU

Congratulations! (1071900)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxBVRNtQD4g

Congratulations! (1101647)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XPNa6qMixM

Congratulations! (1290505)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYRWN88F9uk

Congratulations! (1465038)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3taPCMPOqm0

Congratulations! (1511482)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nABJe-486Y8

Congratulations! (1542213)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cM7oqUKc9Rk

Congratulations! (1657912)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQiiofEmLPc

Congratulations! (1687279)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3H3tWYE3TS0

Congratulations! (1691907)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HfQSeq11VI

Congratulations! (1714912)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPd1ScLbfwg

Congratulations! (1862394)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yc8CGRmlYj0

Congratulations!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eq1U2dPB2fk

Couture Creations Quick Release Die Paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JuuZkXbxfHw

Cricut  Addressing an Envelope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZhXfpOKmnY

Criss Cross 2-Pocket Gift Card Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pcsV-2I1Ek

Dollar Calendar Mini
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPqjjsTXnII

Dollar Pocket Planner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExLKjtx2Z2A

Dollar Tree Key Tags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYS4UlYWepY

Dollar Tree Placemat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fqi-blXYOkI

Dollar Tree Playing Cards wTabs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=se19am5uL-Q

Domino Matchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iu5_VcSbpo

Double Double Insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OEHMx7lzP8

Double-Sided Library Pocket wFlap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZv8BGUxZgc

Double-Sided Stamping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wqIF3pDKJw

Easel Place Cards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqbjOefBO7o

Easy A2 Criss Cross Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9gLFGf1uWo

Easy Book Page Altered Paper Clips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOP3J1iAT8s

Easy Gift Card Holder  Nicole Silhouette Purse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71_-GrxIKDQ

Easy Slit Pockets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNlXOuaFA7c

Easy Tab Punch Board Insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opLMxG9iG5I

Envelope Coin (LOL!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMqU6m0QahI

Envelope Notcher Belly Band
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HgO_HYQX74

EPB 3 x 3 Spool Notecards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrSJJpaUR4g

EPB 3 x 3 Typewriter Notecards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIma_b8oXKQ

EPB Coffee Cup Gift Card Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKRFqUDortI

EPB Envelope with Trifold Insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87nl-jUq69M

EPB File Folder Ghirardelli Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hll-fsPTQ90

EPB Foldout Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGDv4qf8_DU

EPB Mason Jar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmYhTRBi8gA

EPB Mini Accordion File Folder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YPwZgBlsR4

EPB Nail Polish Gift Card Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoHXAzTIOuU

EPB Oatmeal Pouch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfoN2RbVQQ8

Fast Personalized Gift Tags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_oBjug6uo0

Fast Twelve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PeQOKfxzZ4

Flat Envelope for Blocks Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7iAx4CRhLU

Floss Threaders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WVjY99HKNc

Fold Flat Box in a Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fn_b8aHETBU

Folded Envelope with Hidden Journaling & Ephemera Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEp1xhlsdlM

French Memo Board Fabric
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svs6smWBEeU

French Memo Board Paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjAXZ2iEcEk

Get Well Bed Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0ftSMc4NQk

Ghirardelli Wine Bottle Tag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy-LcezxnJo

Gift Card in a Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWr1LzXjzaA

Glitz Glitter Gel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIercMQiUvM

Halloween In June Challenge Submissions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ht73okIS7VM

Halloween Slider Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYss6W-cfmk

Holder for 3” x 3” Sticky Notes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLvVeADE7ds

Holder for Bagged Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWRF4WHr_Kk

How To Close Tonic’s Diamond Favour Squeeze Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xA6XpiICWmo

I Band
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEdeIbxnAm4

Ice Cream Sandwich
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KslqbpWBHbg

Jane Austen Pocket Sleeve  Free Printable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgidyTYT4-I

JJ Pamphlet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKPkMlkVQjU

Kiss Cut Stickers Stamps, Dies & a Big Shot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BH3oMVXEhOk

Lazy Girl's Waterfall Insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVeZpJozrtc

Long Sleeve with Flap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kK5NE0xB5P8

Matchbook Gift Card Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouqCd2me-Uw

Matting a Single Folder Folio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGcDYDzzTiI

MEPB Cracker-Style Favor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5nCuFl76jU

Microbeads & Mod Podge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvFc0WGM-cs

Mini 2-Pocket Folder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EseL6Q1kN9k

Mini Button Card  Free Printable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nc7aFO0v56o

Mini Coffin Treat Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJDEku5TY4M

Mini Collage Envelope  Free Printable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1HJkwASXB4

Mini Expanding File Folder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0ebJtRXntQ

Mini Gatefold Insert (3x4)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMn-AFjC_QE

Mini Ghirardelli Stars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fHvKbFHIAw

Mini PB Insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihd4o1YT8v0

Mini Squash Fold Envelope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_A82aYehxo

Mini Tic Tac Matchbooks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1pbKygN4RI

Mini Trifold Shutter Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DIbx_NlVpc

Money Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrD_X6nzRVk

Mushroom Cabinet Cards  Free Printable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y31Dn4rm7SY

Musings Journaling Cards  Free Printable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljADStsAN_k

No. 10 Envelope Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yhtN1UuKAg

No. 10 Envelope Shaker Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-x79uEMilU

Notecard Envelope Flip Book Matting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDJWKeS8p2Y

Notecard Envelope Flip Book
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFTGfA-AQ2M

One Sheet Wonder Mini Pocket Folio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3id3PFGUkOo

Paper Bag Card & Paper Bag Envelope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nBuI-nk1mc

Paper Fold Gift Card Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oE0DNIBOSQ

Paper Sampler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEjTOCPzUyM

Part 1 #10 Envelope Junk Journal - Overview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5a-R-IQaC4I

Part 2 #10 Envelope Junk Journal - What You Need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epuAgp7TA08

Part 3 #10 Envelope Junk Journal - Assembly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziIhgrLKT1A

Penny Slider Card with No Penny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1u_GQpzxG8

Pillow Box Punch Board Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cI8hYfI2el0

Pinwheel Gift Card Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zl6GEIo2wes

PIP Mini Coffee Cup Treat Holders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=579X3QR2WYw

Planner Charm Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a4I7AOxZaE

Plate Challenge Submissions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxq3SVDzLKQ

Polaroid Gift Card Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUgNdF5Horo

Project Share Cookie & Coffee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMNChE9NjH8

Project Share Napkin-Covered Pillow Boxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOo3UHBpCC8

Project Share Paper Treat Mugs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YsCtyNKrCTg

Project Share Stamp Pockets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbvfeDCHNOQ

Project Share Vintage Slides
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlaD_znQykU

Quick Tip Cutting Faux Stamps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXMuTID1UQ8

Recollections-Inspired Butterflies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNiOumDy2LY

Regal Clips  Owl Clips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8T4LMid63Gg

Regency-Inspired Paper Fold for Business Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHmHqkLAxNQ

Removable Tabs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWG-rcurRYM

Resize a File Folder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXc4Aj-W7_s

Reynolds Wax Paper Sandwich Bags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9dRYz1jFTM

Ribbon Punch Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj9lY0cuggo

Sampling Some Inks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRX9p0o41e8

Scor-Tape Double Embossing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bb4JkEkFsk0

Scored Spine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8-zyB3qoY8

Scratch Pad  Free Printable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcUnFtOei8U

Sealing Wax & Tea Light Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkaeV1dKjZ8

Seed Packet  Printable & Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJITeCnFAao

Setting Crop-A-Dile Eyelets with Washers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBuNX4yU4aE

Sewing Straight on Paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8eDAH97Udo

Shakeless Shaker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ozvPFb3luw

Shaker Card with Stamped Diecuts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exWyWHjkdNA

Shaker Photo Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkluJgFTWlA

Simple Pocket Insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upwlAS1LZ_E

Simple Trifold Insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tyw5omqdtrk

Single Folder Folio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gqyt0dbCVlc

Sock Monkey at CHA ... sort of!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vcBCWYcllI

Sock Monkey Summer!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jg5w5Zw44RQ

Sock Monkey Texts!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHDKWFAOHq0

Specimen Slide Paper Clips  Free Printable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNxpOkqyFuU

Split Image Insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0tEwemvv7M

Stacked Foldout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3O82btXTag

Stacked Pattern
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6KabpXV4Vk

Studio 71 Alcohol Marker Color Chart (Set of 24)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks_k4NILNmA

SU! 3 x 3 Card In A Box ... LOL!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LwPcMTdUNk

Surprise Congrats!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgXMnNuzzW4

Tab Punch Board 3-Pocket Folder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8u76dFpemz8

Tab Punch Board Screen Divider Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZhaeYQekHc

Tag Punch Tombstone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8v0QSim6EFg

Tagged 20 Essentials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_mLsNY4UBo

Tea & Cookie Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Qb99FcoK4I

Ticket Strip Insert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTO09KIdI3Y

Tin Treat Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mn2ntdTYzpA

Tiny Town Assembly (Papertrey Ink)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVqKBgEhcho

TN-Style Greeting Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMgIV8X7kdY

Treasured Recipe Folder wRolling Pin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9o8YbIvySFI

Treat Box Hershey's Kisses Eyeshadow Palette
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sZiVfwEw14

Triple Corner Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFX8TaioZI0

Triple Library Pocket wTrifold Flap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYjjKzDZjv0

un-du
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsyDMPZTzPc

Up & Down Waterfall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iFD5BwbjDE

Wax Paper Embossed Image
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_FHtT9u54Q

Weekend Project Wood Tags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98wl1LC5TA8

Word Game My name is ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2FiS5U8okw

Word Punch Board Letter Board
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjJyT1qVJdY

WoS Effect for Large Areas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kRFkZYb7DY

WRMK Punching Hole Reinforcers with Less Waste
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPg5eiShGoo

Year In A Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v38Rj39u948

Zip Bag Topper - No Staples! - No Adhesive!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obFXKoJnyWY
papercrafter45 - Videos