
15034.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 1 - Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjuHHI60s44

15036.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 10 - Compress and Extract tar and gz Files.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWONqLqSxYc

15039.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 11 - Install Software with APT apt-get.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKmLXiA4zaQ

15043.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 12 - Users.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DHCm9AlXvo

15048.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 13 - Groups and More.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cRaGaIZQlo

15054.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 14 - Setup and Connect to SSH Server.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkcEB96iMFk

15061.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 15 - SSH Key Authentication.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Fcf-8LPvws

15069.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 16 - Disable Password Login.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWLgdSgsBFo

15078.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 17 - SFTP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcKYFEgfV-I

15088.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 18 - Partitions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtSQIxDPnLc

15099.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 19 - Creating Partitions with GParted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5kh_-6e4kk

15111.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 2 - Downloading Ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z40N7b9NHTE

15124.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 20 - Shell Script Basics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuWVDz-48-o

15138.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 21 - More on Shell Scripting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yjc5Y7Wbmw

15153.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 22 - Processes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5T59WsrNCU

15169.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 23 - Jobs and Kill Process.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWldNGdX9zE

15186.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 3 - Installing Ubuntu on a Virtual Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvziRqkLrEU

15204.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 4 - Terminal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XN2-87haa8k

15223.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 5 - Navigating and Working with Files.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VgI4UKyL0Lc

15243.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 6 - Searching and Comparing Files.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvPIgm2SMG8

15264.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 7 - Saving Results to a File.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DpdmUmglPBA

15286.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 8 - File Permissions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmVmJi5dR9c

15309.  Linux Tutorial for Beginners - 9 - Verify Files Using Checksum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYNuKXjcriM
Linux Tutorial for Beginners Playlist