
1.  10 CC - I'm Not In Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2BavhwpIJg&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

2.  25 or 6 to 4 – Chicago (Leonid & Friends ?over).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_torOTK5qc&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

3.  ABBA - Dancing Queen (1976) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhqV49us4J8&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

4.  Air Supply - All Out Of Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWdZEumNRmI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

5.  Al Stewart Time Passages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCJkbrQF88A&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

6.  America - Sister Golden Hair 1975 (1977, HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oNULFXLuMc&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

7.  André Rieu - And The Waltz Goes On (composed by Anthony Hopkins).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M57Fi19vcSI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

8.  André Rieu - The Beautiful Blue Danube.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDaJ7rFg66A&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

9.  André Rieu - The Godfather Main Title Theme  (Live in Italy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSxxQcVd2MU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

10.  Antonio Vivaldi – Summer Violin Concerto, Ospedale della Pietà, Teatr Wielki Opera Narodowa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaoqCARilbA&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

11.  Bachman Turner Overdrive - You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet 1974 Video Sound HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cia_v4vxfE&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

12.  Barry Manilow - Mandy • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XeSQVWleqY&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

13.  BECAUSE--THE DAVE CLARK FIVE (NEW ENHANCED RECORDING) 720P.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpKWpUJybng&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

14.  Bee Gees - How Deep Is Your Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpqqjU7u5Yc&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

15.  Bee Gees - To Love Somebody (1967) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHtGu0OGEpc&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

16.  Beginnings - Leonid & Friends (Chicago cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kQ1llzPiB4&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

17.  Billy Joel - Just The Way You Are (from Old Grey Whistle Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkuJJsApACc&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

18.  Billy Joel - Piano Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxEPV4kolz0&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

19.  Blue Swede - Hooked On A Feeling  (1974 - HQ - Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5jkAkm4JmM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

20.  Can We Still Be Friends - Todd Rundgren, Daryl Hall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1pLTD23l468&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

21.  Cat Stevens - Peace Train (audio versión original, video editado).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-cooY3jB4E&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

22.  Chicago - You're the Inspiration (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRfy1yorkec&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

23.  Christopher Cross -Sailling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzgQoGvSKA4&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

24.  Classical Gas Mason Williams 1968.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEzyrpfrPEI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

25.  CLIMAX -Precious and Few 1972  Revised Audiovideo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAeN0TwSsu0&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

26.  Colour My World – Chicago (Leonid & Friends cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts86Heyj_e4&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

27.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - Private Eyes (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsntlJZ9h1U&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

28.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - You Make My Dreams (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EErSKhC0CZs&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

29.  Daryll Hall & John Oates - Sara Smile • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0vf2AVakSM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

30.  David Foster - Love Theme from St. Elmo's Fire (Full HD 1080p).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qL0vBw3csNE&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

31.  David Lee Garza Y Los Musicales - Paloma Sin Nidal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Cxp2yINn4Y&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

32.  David Lee Garza Y Los Musicales Paloma Sin Nidal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3W8i6QEju8&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

33.  Dean Ford - Reflections of My Life -  Produced by Joe Tansin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dn9bAvWS4RU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

34.  Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7l56DjD0sU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

35.  Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is – Chicago (Leonid & Friends cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FB-nXQc6LMU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

36.  Doobie Brothers - Listen To The Music • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkytJLoxGmQ&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

37.  Dream On (Cover)- Blacktop Mojo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qF9dCWmq3pM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

38.  Elton John - Don't Go Breaking My Heart (with Kiki Dee).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0qW9P-uYfM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

39.  ELTON JOHN GOODBYE YELLOW BRICK ROAD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-eK8wTZYe0&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

40.  Elvis Presley - Kentucky Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNkX4rjIhxw&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

41.  England Dan John Ford Coley - Nights Are Forever - Bubblerock Promo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ur3_lrvDD_A&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

42.  Eric Carmen   All by Myself   (HQ Audio - 720p).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-6X7VR9Abo&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

43.  Eric Carmen - All By Myself (audio original) HD 1975.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJZ2BOjANxg&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

44.  Feelin' Stronger Every Day - Leonid & Friends  (Chicago cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwYV4H9rU6o&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

45.  Foreigner - 'I Want To Know What Love Is' [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raNGeq3_DtM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

46.  Free – Leonid & Friends feat. Igor Butman (Chicago cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njZHiCdVQN8&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

47.  Gary Wright - DreamWeaver Official Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZKuzwPOefs&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

48.  George Harrison-My Sweet  Lord (Studio Version) Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kNGnIKUdMI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

49.  Glad All Over Dave Clark Five COLOR Widescreen HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHtNFaa2ne0&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

50.  Glen Campbell - Gentle on My Mind (terrific guitar break).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETkzK9pXMio&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

51.  Glenn Miller Orchestra  - In The Mood - HQ Audio ))).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWUBfx3ZBHU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

52.  Hard to Say I'm SorryGet Away - Leonid & Friends feat. Arkady Shilkloper (Chicago cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKhauqqEYpo&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

53.  Hold Me in YOur Arms Teddy Pendergrass and Whitney Houston!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iT3WjAmJPjQ&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

54.  If - Bread.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGfVOdTiUEc&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

55.  If You Leave Me Now – (Chicago cover) Leonid & Friends feat. Arkady Shilkloper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQ_j4Ytecgg&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

56.  John Williams The Imperial March from The Empire Strikes Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMvcCfs8mf8&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

57.  Journey - Faithfully (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMD8hBsA-RI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

58.  Kansas - Dust in the Wind (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tH2w6Oxx0kQ&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

59.  La Sonora Santanera - El Ladrón ft. Julieta Venegas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUIn5OAPS5s&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

60.  Little River Band   Cool change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_I9yFJ7koU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

61.  Lowdown - Boz Scaggs TKV.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZeoD3pDNrI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

62.  Luis Miguel - Ahora te puedes marchar (Video Oficial).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG7MPEQm1-w&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

63.  Luther Vandross - Don't Want To Be A Fool (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmEHKF99v2I&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

64.  Lynyrd Skynyrd - Sweet Home Alabama (1974).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DA0z9EcefOU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

65.  Marvin Gaye - Sexual Healing (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjlSiASsUIs&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

66.  Michael Jackson - I Just Can't Stop Loving You [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHZ1Bii7Uwk&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

67.  Mungo Jerry - In The Summertime ORIGINAL 1970.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvUQcnfwUUM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

68.  My Girl   The Temptations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swSytFVMHuU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

69.  Old Days – Chicago (Leonid & Friends Cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRw4kRnay0g&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

70.  Patti LaBelle - On My Own (Official Music Video) ft. Michael McDonald.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsH63qJlIMM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

71.  PEACE TRAIN 2017 - Tribute to Cat Stevens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9aREOKQyCY&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

72.  PETER CETERA & AMY GRANT - The Next Time I Fall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQKqp_rZbVk&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

73.  Pilot - It's Magic • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASGgn8bNQuA&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

74.  Player - Baby Come Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn-enjcgV1o&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

75.  Poco - Crazy Love - Original Promotional Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0urDGb2-SU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

76.  Questions 67 & 68 – Chicago (Leonid & Friends cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKzOjRKqY0Q&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

77.  Rick Astley - Cry for Help (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2xel6q0yao&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

78.  Rick Astley Hopelessly Video ( USA version ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9_I9uGCZB8&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

79.  Ride Like The Wind - Christopher Cross - HQHD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h43dHnZ1UOA&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

80.  Santana - Black Magic Woman - 8181970 - Tanglewood (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axbtig7w7a8&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

81.  Santana - Corazon Espinado ft. Mana (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6omUxqhG78&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

82.  Santana - Samba pa ti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSECQtF58BU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

83.  Saturday In The Park – Chicago (Leonid & Friends cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gg8H9vrJCcU&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

84.  seals and crofts summer  breeze.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNC91HpDrPI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

85.  September - Leonid & Friends (Earth, Wind & Fire cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5XmUnYW5Ks&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

86.  Simon & Garfunkel - Bridge over Troubled Water (from The Concert in Central Park).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrcwRt6J32o&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

87.  Simon & Garfunkel - Homeward Bound (from The Concert in Central Park).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0oJ8_VTu3c&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

88.  SONNY and CHER - I Got You Babe   1966 ~ Beat Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1FTqjahsko&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

89.  Sonora Santanera - Musita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TrNuvTaaF0&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

90.  Stormy-Classics IV (subtitulos español).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PJj_U9XRiI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

91.  Strawberry Alarm Clock - Incense & Peppermints (1967).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rw1_FNdy-Y&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

92.  Temptations   Just My Imagination (Running Away With Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9e65rzXbbM4&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

93.  The Association - Windy - 1967.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsY8l0Jg3lY&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

94.  The Babys - Every Time I Think Of You (1979) Promo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yNFfRYeOXM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

95.  THE BABYS - Isn't It Time - John Waite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-c8X52Qg4o&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

96.  The Charlie Daniels Band - The Devil Went Down To Georgia (Urban Cowboy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgdZ4XxACSI&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

97.  The Doobie Brothers - China Grove (from Rockin' Down The Highway The Wildlife Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3W3IzQ5sDM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

98.  The Good, the Bad and the Ugly - The Danish National Symphony Orchestra (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enuOArEfqGo&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

99.  The Hues Corporation   Rock The Boat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2r59-Xmge4&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

100.  The Outsiders - Time Won´t Let Me  (1966).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaj1wVNvSqk&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

101.  The Temptations- I Wish It Would Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrjJeP1GGxY&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

102.  Up Up and Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5akEgsZSfhg&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

103.  You've Lost That Loving Feeling Righteous Brothers JAR-ReMix Stereo HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOnYY9Mw2Fg&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt

104.  [HD] Procol Harum - A Whiter Shade Of Pale.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SQAdwdTSTM&list=PLEgXUKuJ3Bf1yiIpMlJsGO04jn1082gDt
70s music videos