
1.  Chris Lee - Bury The Kings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KublS7CVPRU&pp=sAQA

2.  Ciccone Youth - Macbeth (Restored).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZiP49hgiCUg&pp=sAQA

3.  Danse Trailer Marcel Dzama.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hb4I_SNJc8&pp=sAQA

4.  Disappears - Replicate (1493817).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRGRmIKbbOU&pp=sAQA

5.  Disappears - Replicate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRmraYQUIw8&pp=sAQA

6.  Don Fleming (featuring Kim Gordon) -Torn by the Hands That You Could Not See.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FSIIF9hFQk&pp=sAQA

7.  Goo (Bored).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZcFwKs1cMo&pp=sAQA

8.  Goo (Hyper).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKP5TNBwcN4&pp=sAQA

9.  IntroBrave Men Run (in my family) Sonic Youth Smart Bar Live 1985.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2dpbiO7dZk&pp=sAQA

10.  Jordi from Catalonia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kud6fYJ89Xc&pp=sAQA

11.  Kim Gordon - Extracto cortometraje Felipe Orrego.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnaloePh5fA&pp=sAQA

12.  Lee Ranaldo - 'Off The Wall'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvjsOEwfDKQ&pp=sAQA

13.  Lee Ranaldo - Angels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP7KBhPhF3A&pp=sAQA

14.  Lee Ranaldo - Off The Wall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43Nwm9prH5Q&pp=sAQA

15.  Lee Ranaldo and The Dust - Lecce, Leaving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bi7ikEQJQt8&pp=sAQA

16.  Lee Ranaldo Band with Jeff Tweedy- 'Walk On' Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETtmMU5aQk0&pp=sAQA

17.  Lee Ranaldo Band with Nels Cline - Xtina As I Knew Her.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_NdZJMQIO0&pp=sAQA

18.  Meet Sonic Youth 2002.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kskN8EtyR0U&pp=sAQA

19.  My Sonic Room 2 Where I am Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soGS0yrP0zY&pp=sAQA

20.  Other Sides of Sonic Youth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAXVF65iUM4&pp=sAQA

21.  Sonic Youth 'antenna' live '09.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifsGijdtDQg&pp=sAQA

22.  Sonic Youth 'Antenna' live in Chicago June 28, 2009.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7G-1CwfCkI&pp=sAQA

23.  Sonic Youth 'cotton crown' live 1995 chicago riviera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1Kqzy9fiz0&pp=sAQA

24.  Sonic Youth 'expressway to yr skull' live '91.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_-dYUobltk&pp=sAQA

25.  Sonic Youth 'Hey Joni' live '09 royal oak music thr..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inKnp5iUSYM&pp=sAQA

26.  Sonic Youth 'No Way' live '09 royal oak music thr..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=104vJ6P68VU&pp=sAQA

27.  Sonic Youth 'shaking hell' live 06' mr. smalls thr..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WE0MOtwLMME&pp=sAQA

28.  Sonic Youth - 'Calming The Snake' live 2009 The Vic Theatre Chicago.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RKzhvk2bv8&pp=sAQA

29.  Sonic Youth - 100`%.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3gN9Up6hmc&pp=sAQA

30.  Sonic Youth - 1991 The Year Punk Broke.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxEzBR-rEnk&pp=sAQA

31.  Sonic Youth - Beauty Lies (Live VPRO Sessions) [Grain Version].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PF43vmW0uQk&pp=sAQA

32.  Sonic Youth - Beauty Lies In The Eye (Live 1987 VPRO Session).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEM1zZ10LGw&pp=sAQA

33.  Sonic Youth - Beauty Lies in the Eye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r66hAbGi0ys&pp=sAQA

34.  Sonic Youth - Brother James (Live 2004).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AqNlqOu-nw&pp=sAQA

35.  Sonic Youth - Bull In The Heather (Live Letterman 1994).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hykLeFnVee8&pp=sAQA

36.  Sonic Youth - Bull In The Heather (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JGBNkLM9_8&pp=sAQA

37.  Sonic Youth - Candle (Restored).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXdtFPfptUI&pp=sAQA

38.  Sonic Youth - Catholic Block (Live 2004).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTPHWYz9IzA&pp=sAQA

39.  Sonic Youth - Chapel Hill live '91.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOsxRlqm9gc&pp=sAQA

40.  Sonic Youth - Cinderella's Big Score.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xi3ZPT9iSNo&pp=sAQA

41.  Sonic Youth - Diamond Sea-Letterman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEXpKDu0Mf8&pp=sAQA

42.  Sonic Youth - Dirty Boots (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XdYnh729IQ&pp=sAQA

43.  Sonic Youth - Disappearer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8MFqJ22kSs&pp=sAQA

44.  Sonic Youth - Disconnection Notice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wPFV-DK-g8&pp=sAQA

45.  Sonic Youth - Do You Believe In Rapture.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4RdKzzTU8E&pp=sAQA

46.  Sonic Youth - Flower (Live in L.A. 1990).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sn91EMOhvpE&pp=sAQA

47.  Sonic Youth - Genetic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kegmdBYjzCQ&pp=sAQA

48.  Sonic Youth - Ghost Bitch (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tP-E5V6OYmU&pp=sAQA

49.  Sonic Youth - Hoarfrost.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_mN6_PRC1M&pp=sAQA

50.  Sonic Youth - I Love You Golden Blue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaQhEcea10k&pp=sAQA

51.  Sonic Youth - I Wanna Be Your Dog - Live with Iggy Pop at The Town & Country Club  London.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0jAz0ZxDUE&pp=sAQA

52.  Sonic Youth - I Wanna Be Your Dog Live on Michelob Presents Night Music (Restored).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdJ2ecf-dYo&pp=sAQA

53.  Sonic Youth - Incinerate (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rP3ovD8ZSS4&pp=sAQA

54.  Sonic Youth - Jams Runs Free.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU93I5UU8-c&pp=sAQA

55.  Sonic Youth - Junkie's Promise Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KywkbqNOUmo&pp=sAQA

56.  Sonic Youth - Karen Koltrane live '00.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83bTn1RGl-c&pp=sAQA

57.  Sonic Youth - Koncertas Stan Brakhage Prisiminimui (April 12, 2003).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6pqoHM4VrQ&pp=sAQA

58.  Sonic Youth - Kool Thing (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDTSUwIZdMk&pp=sAQA

59.  Sonic Youth - Little Trouble Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJWJcSTPNpM&pp=sAQA

60.  Sonic Youth - Live at Campo Pequeno Lisboa 1993.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUcShyAarjw&pp=sAQA

61.  Sonic Youth - Live At The Rat (May 9, 1987).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Kx0HlF-jlg&pp=sAQA

62.  Sonic Youth - Making The Nature Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oAh71OIRgw&pp=sAQA

63.  Sonic Youth - Mary-Christ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcCzEB_-NTs&pp=sAQA

64.  Sonic Youth - Mildred Pierce.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-jp4hk7VIU&pp=sAQA

65.  Sonic Youth - Mote.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wZNu3v4jh8&pp=sAQA

66.  Sonic Youth - My Friend Goo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfwIFTsx8WE&pp=sAQA

67.  Sonic Youth - Nevermind (What Was It Anyway).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AU0IiziwvAA&pp=sAQA

68.  Sonic Youth - Nevermind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04WKx0Ri5EA&pp=sAQA

69.  Sonic Youth - Pacific Coast Highway Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZ9BlWG6GN0&pp=sAQA

70.  Sonic Youth - Peace Attack.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDxrxhzsIUw&pp=sAQA

71.  Sonic Youth - Providence (Restored).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yt9_kMe5RrU&pp=sAQA

72.  Sonic Youth - Providence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNo5dCbKy0g&pp=sAQA

73.  Sonic Youth - Reena.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrKttSi7EmM&pp=sAQA

74.  Sonic Youth - Saucer Like (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aF1hhqIO3VE&pp=sAQA

75.  Sonic Youth - Scooter And Jinx.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W69cTdiDSwQ&pp=sAQA

76.  Sonic Youth - Shadow Of A Doubt (Live 2002).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BPl7wJEQvg&pp=sAQA

77.  Sonic Youth - Shadow of a Doubt (Restored).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFNnvQLvs7I&pp=sAQA

78.  Sonic Youth - Shadow of A Doubt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWpbFoEUV24&pp=sAQA

79.  Sonic Youth - Silver Rocket (Restored).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viF12Mu3-5w&pp=sAQA

80.  Sonic Youth - Silver Rocket Live on Michelob Presents Night Music (Restored).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaYlumKMZm4&pp=sAQA

81.  Sonic Youth - Silver Rocket.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tzFR6qITMc&pp=sAQA

82.  Sonic Youth - Skink (Live 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsEONBN6ES4&pp=sAQA

83.  Sonic Youth - Skip Tracer (Live 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTfEB5LHuUM&pp=sAQA

84.  Sonic Youth - Skip Tracer Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFPSAXjlghg&pp=sAQA

85.  Sonic Youth - Starfield Road.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5v_d3-qsxfE&pp=sAQA

86.  Sonic Youth - Sugar Kane Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hh5c8ZLmxkc&pp=sAQA

87.  Sonic Youth - Sugar Kane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIIEbrMXs20&pp=sAQA

88.  Sonic Youth - Sunday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CXD8PK6Djc&pp=sAQA

89.  Sonic Youth - Superstar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y21VecIIdBI&pp=sAQA

90.  Sonic Youth - Teen Age Riot (Restored).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VHVn2k53PA&pp=sAQA

91.  Sonic Youth - Teenage Riot Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lecx7Hjxzhg&pp=sAQA

92.  Sonic Youth - Teenage Riot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPytYrYqDbA&pp=sAQA

93.  Sonic Youth - The Diamond Sea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpfZ60wqyUo&pp=sAQA

94.  Sonic Youth - The Empty Page.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhvLh8bG6Hg&pp=sAQA

95.  Sonic Youth - The World Looks Red (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xzUwPr9lTI&pp=sAQA

96.  Sonic Youth - Titanium Expose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWwdpBeZd0&pp=sAQA

97.  Sonic Youth - Tunic (Song For Karen).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reSOp1domrU&pp=sAQA

98.  Sonic Youth - Unwind Ballet.- fan video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXGaYoDTutI&pp=sAQA

99.  Sonic Youth - Washing Machine (Live 1996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGu0jnrRDW4&pp=sAQA

100.  Sonic Youth - What We Know.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JW5R3pAvAMg&pp=sAQA

101.  Sonic Youth - Wildflower Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AhystaUfmM&pp=sAQA

102.  Sonic Youth - Youth Against Fascism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWzIlCJAw-o&pp=sAQA

103.  Sonic Youth 1000 Leaves Electronic Press Kit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pnIU_urPHY&pp=sAQA

104.  Sonic Youth 30 Years of Daydream Nation Screening - Los Angeles 1023.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sqh32Uj8_XE&pp=sAQA

105.  Sonic Youth 30 Years of Daydream Nation Screening - San Francisco 1024.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvVFUDJm6AE&pp=sAQA

106.  Sonic Youth at Marc Jacobs Fashion Show NYC February 8, 2008..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-BprHzn8TQ&pp=sAQA

107.  Sonic Youth Mexico City Feb 24, 2007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieubu4Tnpok&pp=sAQA

108.  Sonic Youth Summer 2005.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xU03SPB0vBg&pp=sAQA

109.  Sonic Youth with Lydia Lunch - Death Valley '69.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2Gf0MmRz9g&pp=sAQA

110.  Sonic Youth's Thurston Moore and guest Ed Templeton - Hand in Hand (Part 2 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpv_a1CdAJk&pp=sAQA

111.  Spectre Folk - Please Come Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LiS-wvqy1I&pp=sAQA

112.  Sputnik Cinema Klub - Berlin 1985.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYjktrKXIr4&pp=sAQA

113.  SY - Kim Gordon & The Arthur Doyle Hand Cream (Live 2004).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNu5ObPlo7Y&pp=sAQA

114.  Thurston Moore & Mats Gustafsson - Parkteatret, Oslo (excerpt).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrWbGvZ1EYo&pp=sAQA

115.  Thurston Moore - Benediction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEe9H6fa7uM&pp=sAQA

116.  Thurston Moore - Circulation (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVHPxiZrUWk&pp=sAQA

117.  Thurston Moore - Heavenmetal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9C3jTU-DwU&pp=sAQA

118.  Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth - Hand in Hand (Part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSG8vdG84Sk&pp=sAQA
Sonic Youth