
1.  Abbi Kirsten Gillespie - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Abbi_Kirsten_Gillespie_-_Videos/Abbi_Kirsten_Gillespie_-_Videos.txt

2.  Alanda Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Alanda_Craft_-_Videos/Alanda_Craft_-_Videos.txt

3.  Altenew - Inspiring Paper Crafting Project Ideas - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Altenew_-_Inspiring_Paper_Crafting_Project_Ideas_-_Videos/Altenew_-_Inspiring_Paper_Crafting_Project_Ideas_-_Videos.txt

4.  Ana  DIY Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Ana__DIY_Crafts_-_Videos/Ana__DIY_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

5.  Ann Melvin Positively Papercraft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Ann_Melvin_Positively_Papercraft_-_Videos/Ann_Melvin_Positively_Papercraft_-_Videos.txt

6.  aPasos Crafts DIY - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/aPasos_Crafts_DIY_-_Videos/aPasos_Crafts_DIY_-_Videos.txt

7.  Art and Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Art_and_Craft_-_Videos/Art_and_Craft_-_Videos.txt

8.  Artkala - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Artkala_-_Videos/Artkala_-_Videos.txt

9.  Arush diy craft Ideas - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Arush_diy_craft_Ideas_-_Videos/Arush_diy_craft_Ideas_-_Videos.txt

10.  AuntieTay - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/AuntieTay_-_Videos/AuntieTay_-_Videos.txt

11.  Awesome Crafters - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Awesome_Crafters_-_Videos/Awesome_Crafters_-_Videos.txt

12.  beading tutorials - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/beading_tutorials_-_Videos/beading_tutorials_-_Videos.txt

13.  Becca Feeken - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Becca_Feeken_-_Videos/Becca_Feeken_-_Videos.txt

14.  Craft & Art School - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Craft_&_Art_School_-_Videos/Craft_&_Art_School_-_Videos.txt

15.  Craft Box IN - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Craft_Box_IN_-_Videos/Craft_Box_IN_-_Videos.txt

16.  Craft Videos - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Craft_Videos_-_Videos/Craft_Videos_-_Videos.txt

17.  Craft with Creativity - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Craft_with_Creativity_-_Videos/Craft_with_Creativity_-_Videos.txt

18.  Crafter's Companion - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Crafter's_Companion_-_Videos/Crafter's_Companion_-_Videos.txt

19.  Crafts And Drawings - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Crafts_And_Drawings_-_Videos/Crafts_And_Drawings_-_Videos.txt

20.  Crafts n' Creations - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Crafts_n'_Creations_-_Videos/Crafts_n'_Creations_-_Videos.txt

21.  Craftsy - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Craftsy_-_Videos/Craftsy_-_Videos.txt

22.  Create & Craft TV - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Create_&_Craft_TV_-_Videos/Create_&_Craft_TV_-_Videos.txt

23.  Creative Hud - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Creative_Hud_-_Videos/Creative_Hud_-_Videos.txt

24.  Cristhian Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Cristhian_Crafts_-_Videos/Cristhian_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

25.  DIY Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY_Crafts_-_Videos/DIY_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

26.  DIY Crafts TV - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY_Crafts_TV_-_Videos/DIY_Crafts_TV_-_Videos.txt

27.  diy cushion covers,
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/diy_cushion_covers,/diy_cushion_covers,.txt

28.  DIY How To Make  Diy cushion cover ideas,
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY_How_To_Make__Diy_cushion_cover_ideas,/DIY_How_To_Make__Diy_cushion_cover_ideas,.txt

29.  DIY Paper Crafts - Giulia's Art - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY_Paper_Crafts_-_Giulia's_Art_-_Videos/DIY_Paper_Crafts_-_Giulia's_Art_-_Videos.txt

30.  DIY quick crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY_quick_crafts_-_Videos/DIY_quick_crafts_-_Videos.txt

31.  DIY- Best Out of Plastic Bottles CENTERPIECE
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY-_Best_Out_of_Plastic_Bottles_CENTERPIECE/DIY-_Best_Out_of_Plastic_Bottles_CENTERPIECE.txt

32.  DIY-Paper Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/DIY-Paper_Crafts_-_Videos/DIY-Paper_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

33.  Easy Kids Craft - Home
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Easy_Kids_Craft_-_Home/Easy_Kids_Craft_-_Home.txt

34.  Easy Peasy and Fun - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Easy_Peasy_and_Fun_-_Videos/Easy_Peasy_and_Fun_-_Videos.txt

35.  Frishta DIY Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Frishta_DIY_Craft_-_Videos/Frishta_DIY_Craft_-_Videos.txt

36.  Galina's Crafts Tutorials - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Galina's_Crafts_Tutorials_-_Videos/Galina's_Crafts_Tutorials_-_Videos.txt

37.  Helen Griffin UK - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Helen_Griffin_UK_-_Videos/Helen_Griffin_UK_-_Videos.txt

38.  Hobbycraft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Hobbycraft_-_Videos/Hobbycraft_-_Videos.txt

39.  How to draw a easy Flower optical
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/How_to_draw_a_easy_Flower_optical/How_to_draw_a_easy_Flower_optical.txt

40.  How to Make Crystal Clear Slime With 2 Ingredients!! Slime With Glue no borax!!
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/How_to_Make_Crystal_Clear_Slime_With_2_Ingredients!!_Slime_With_Glue_no_borax!!/How_to_Make_Crystal_Clear_Slime_With_2_Ingredients!!_Slime_With_Glue_no_borax!!.txt

41.  How to make Paper  Juice
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/How_to_make_Paper__Juice/How_to_make_Paper__Juice.txt

42.  INNOVA Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/INNOVA_Crafts_-_Videos/INNOVA_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

43.  Interweave Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Interweave_Craft_-_Videos/Interweave_Craft_-_Videos.txt

44.  Isa's World - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Isa's_World_-_Videos/Isa's_World_-_Videos.txt

45.  Kraft story - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Kraft_story_-_Videos/Kraft_story_-_Videos.txt

46.  Lia Griffith - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Lia_Griffith_-_Videos/Lia_Griffith_-_Videos.txt

47.  Lorien's Craft Box - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Lorien's_Craft_Box_-_Videos/Lorien's_Craft_Box_-_Videos.txt

48.  Love For Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Love_For_Crafts_-_Videos/Love_For_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

49.  MASS Art and Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/MASS_Art_and_Craft_-_Videos/MASS_Art_and_Craft_-_Videos.txt

50.  Maymay Made It Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Maymay_Made_It_Crafts_-_Videos/Maymay_Made_It_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

51.  MC Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/MC_Crafts_-_Videos/MC_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

52.  Minakshi Biswas - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Minakshi_Biswas_-_Videos/Minakshi_Biswas_-_Videos.txt

53.  My Craft Quiet Books - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/My_Craft_Quiet_Books_-_Videos/My_Craft_Quiet_Books_-_Videos.txt

54.  NurseTara04 - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/NurseTara04_-_Videos/NurseTara04_-_Videos.txt

55.  Origami with Jo Nakashima - Home
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Origami_with_Jo_Nakashima_-_Home/Origami_with_Jo_Nakashima_-_Home.txt

56.  Paper Folds - Origami & Crafts ! - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Paper_Folds_-_Origami_&_Crafts_!_-_Videos/Paper_Folds_-_Origami_&_Crafts_!_-_Videos.txt

57.  Paper Magic - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Paper_Magic_-_Videos/Paper_Magic_-_Videos.txt

58.  papercrafter45 - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/papercrafter45_-_Videos/papercrafter45_-_Videos.txt

59.  Pearl's Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Pearl's_Crafts_-_Videos/Pearl's_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

60.  PootlesPapercraft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/PootlesPapercraft_-_Videos/PootlesPapercraft_-_Videos.txt

61.  Rajni's Art n Crafts - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Rajni's_Art_n_Crafts_-_Videos/Rajni's_Art_n_Crafts_-_Videos.txt

62.  Sam Calcott UK - Mixed Up Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Sam_Calcott_UK_-_Mixed_Up_Craft_-_Videos/Sam_Calcott_UK_-_Mixed_Up_Craft_-_Videos.txt

63.  Shagufta Fyms - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Shagufta_Fyms_-_Videos/Shagufta_Fyms_-_Videos.txt

64.  Shemi Dixon - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Shemi_Dixon_-_Videos/Shemi_Dixon_-_Videos.txt

65.  Skymagenta Craft - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Skymagenta_Craft_-_Videos/Skymagenta_Craft_-_Videos.txt

66.  Srushti Patil - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Srushti_Patil_-_Videos/Srushti_Patil_-_Videos.txt

67.  Stampin' Up! - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Stampin'_Up!_-_Videos/Stampin'_Up!_-_Videos.txt

68.  Stitch and Flower - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Stitch_and_Flower_-_Videos/Stitch_and_Flower_-_Videos.txt

69.  Sushma's Craft and Creations - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Sushma's_Craft_and_Creations_-_Videos/Sushma's_Craft_and_Creations_-_Videos.txt

70.  The Crafty Chica, Kathy Cano-Murillo - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/The_Crafty_Chica,_Kathy_Cano-Murillo_-_Videos/The_Crafty_Chica,_Kathy_Cano-Murillo_-_Videos.txt

71.  This Southern Girl Can - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/This_Southern_Girl_Can_-_Videos/This_Southern_Girl_Can_-_Videos.txt

72.  Twin Tag - Ayesha Firoz - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Twin_Tag_-_Ayesha_Firoz_-_Videos/Twin_Tag_-_Ayesha_Firoz_-_Videos.txt

73.  Vinni's craft ideas - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Arts_and_Crafts_-_Youtube_Channels/Vinni's_craft_ideas_-_Videos/Vinni's_craft_ideas_-_Videos.txt
Arts and Crafts - Youtube Channels