
Best Friends Play Truth or Dare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kouUbpu1dO0&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

CALLING RANDOM PEOPLE IN STRANGERS' PHONES  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWhjXRfGXoY&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

CHANGING OUR CHANNEL!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSyufcN3-BI&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

DEAD LADY FROM CRAIGSLIST'S DRESSER TRY ON HAUL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrZeTDzOq-w&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

Dollar Store Drag Queen Transformation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCx1UON4Z04&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

Giving My Roommate's Dog a Bubble Bath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93Hvb9LwFFw&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

I ALMOST DIED  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MY0d-PYGft8&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS 2  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sk2aajP-EMM&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

I Made a Mold of My Hand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdefDfDVeGY&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

MAC AND CHEESE PIZZA (SEASON FINALE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLwgDjWlAR4&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

Making A Gingerbread House with TINY HANDS (TRAGIC!!) w Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wR-xUZi3IQ8&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

Making a Pair of $850 Platform Crocs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyHpJBTdRjw&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

me being scared for 6 minutes straight  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_wCyATsf-A&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

MOTHER'S DAY RAP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zejzbuUquFk&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

my birthday got out of control.... (UNREAL!!)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TinjqCCfxcc&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

MY MOMS THINK I'M ON CRACK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy1kjOVkKJs&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

On the Street and Off My Meds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8mFeQT_s6s&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

Strangers in NYC Ask Me Anything....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7Z8J24pLhA&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

WE TRIED BAKING WITH TINY HANDS (DISASTER!!) ft. Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vs062OSFmU&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey

We're Moving Again  House Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4u6O8ZktYA4&list=PLBv50hgSuSjikNXfT7pHUk2F5K_drP2Ey
Favorites of Chris Klemens