
Amazing Time Machine  Anwar Jibawi & Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAlDWu9Hofc&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Angry Elf  Rudy Mancuso & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lP2NWCcFgM&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Circle of Strangers  Rudy Mancuso, Anwar Jibawi & Hannah Stocking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxS6g74fmRI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Double Date  Rudy Mancuso & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGrPaEXtNjQ&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

El Yoker  Anwar Jibawi & Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4BLENR3OFM&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Facetime Secrets  Rudy Mancuso, Lele Pons & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVzeW1_hyHI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Fake News  Rudy Mancuso, Lele Pons, Anwar Jibawi & King Bach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfjHgJ-aWyA&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Foreign Boys  Rudy Mancuso, Anwar Jibawi & Wuz Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zpnykv3zbwg&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Foreign Moms  Rudy Mancuso & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cVvPK4I0Mg&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Foreign Mothers  Anwar Jibawi & Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xe-D52asIBg&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

iPhone 7 by Pineapple  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xph6rwVoNc8&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

More Music  Rudy Mancuso & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcLqHPysm4k&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Next Top Model  Anwar Jibawi, Rudy Mancuso & Juanpa Zurita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YP_r_FxDdxg&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

No Phone Challenge  Anwar Jibawi & Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RykSzIGQm0&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Paying for the Bill  Anwar Jibawi & Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggSxyfAemcY&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Racist Glasses (Part 1)  Rudy Mancuso & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKJO06CYxdA&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Racist Glasses (Part 2)  Rudy Mancuso, King Bach & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0X5Pv_Yfnk&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Racist Radio  Rudy Mancuso, Lele Pons, Anwar Jibawi & King Bach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mi0DnxKgZc&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Storytelling  Rudy Mancuso, Anwar Jibawi & Simon Rex.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYdQ4P4cA1Y&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

World's Worst Salesman  Anwar Jibawi & Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aBS1z_6rJ4&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK

Worst Liar  Anwar Jibawi, Mike Tyson & Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mnjx-Konjxk&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-XPdci0K4tHQYY_KYBTMcK
Best of Rudy Mancuso & Anwar Jibawi  Rudy Mancuso