
1.  A Bald Cap Full Of Eyelashes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLokc7dsVK4&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

2.  A Full Face Of Rhinestones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RycMNSM8Mns&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

3.  Better Names For Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=415LJhOKt98&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

4.  Better Names For Foods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3RbEmO3xWM&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

5.  Bleaching My Eyebrows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmGnedYflqY&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

6.  Body Massage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGWLrONk7Rw&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

7.  Braiding Things Into My Hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YllrAmXfrME&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

8.  Charles Franklin Marbles is a Sad Sad Man (1996077).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6ieL3Cr06E&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

9.  Charles Franklin Marbles is a Sad Sad Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6ieL3Cr06E&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

10.  Cutting and Coloring My Own Hair 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZOyzi4W-wg&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

11.  Cutting And Coloring My Own Hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EWZyU_mXf4&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

12.  Doing My Own Acrylic Nails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDJMcoeTYN0&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

13.  Doing My Own Acrylic Toenails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnuNKg-r_P4&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

14.  Face Swap Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqVEENNtZ3U&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

15.  Full Face Using Only Highlighters Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Un57W0eN1o&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

16.  Getting My Italian Greyhound.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-TsHz9rw6E&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

17.  Giving My Boyfriend A Brazilian Blowout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IezfWhKTYPY&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

18.  Giving My Boyfriend Acrylic Nails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p42rWr6D4Xc&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

19.  Giving Myself A 90's Hair Wrap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOvK8haeqBw&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

20.  Giving Myself A Perm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMnJ0cApcY8&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

21.  Giving Myself A Set Of Gel Nails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUQ2DH-wtYw&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

22.  Giving Myself Tape In Hair Extensions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB7_1CoKntI&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

23.  Google Deep Dive With Me 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkQ6Ah_TSUY&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

24.  Google Deep Dive With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eC5bgxkxEYM&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

25.  Hello Young People, It's Hillary Clinton Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llkIkLRF26M&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

26.  How I Used To Do My Makeup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnV5NYy8bAQ&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

27.  How to Get a White Girl (ft. Jenna Marbles).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwUkTY6KWQo&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

28.  how to make ugly people less so...ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQ2WbAf3t8w&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

29.  How to trick people into thinking you're good looking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYpwAtnywTk&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

30.  I Cook My Boyfriends Favorite Meal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-Aifw2A2Q4&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

31.  I Hate Being A Grown Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPi2s1K_pgU&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

32.  I Suck At Pranks 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bf2Pd__zq8c&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

33.  I Suck At Pranks 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOMBQBNIpSA&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

34.  I Suck At Pranks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSaqfAFaTwI&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

35.  I Suck At Video Games 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jm0sGN471tE&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

36.  I Tried Following A James Charles Makeup Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzP676lbUYA&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

37.  Jenna Marbles Answers Questions From The New York Times  The New York Times.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJR1525RLf8&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

38.  Jenna Marbles Tells All! - (Tubefilter Interviews).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxaDg5pcKsc&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

39.  Jenna's Rachet Fashion Boutique My Boyfriend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8iQoimAlqk&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

40.  Landshark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swsEvb2yytU&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

41.  Making Terrible Hot Glue Crafts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4VzWKMc38k&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

42.  My Boyfriend Cooks My Favorite Meal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DYcovm9i0M&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

43.  My Dog Reviews Soap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouj_on9MxcQ&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

44.  My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wRgNPdU7fQ&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

45.  New Puppy At Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHiSRYK5QYs&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

46.  Nyan Marbles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hAVCGwHsx8&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

47.  Opposite Contour Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRrBcxsIVeo&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

48.  Photo Booth Tag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQq4-3crqGA&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

49.  Pssy Grabbing Self Defense.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGUeuk--0kc&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

50.  Punk Edits In Real Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5lR_6719Ho&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

51.  Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMn3p7hhMew&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

52.  Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNs9IZAeFQU&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

53.  Reacting To My Old Videos (300th Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_PFgg0QnVI&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

54.  Reading Mean Comments About My Dogs 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPpBz9x6a6I&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

55.  Reading Mean Comments About My Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRbHTeAcJLQ&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

56.  Recreating Face Paintings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CSKB7CzrZU&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

57.  Reviewing Bad Apps 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6J8JDNlkrco&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

58.  Reviewing Bad Apps 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ri5p6WM6Jf8&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

59.  Reviewing Bad Apps 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wPSNvyvEw4&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

60.  Reviewing Bad Apps 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=id2engoWMv8&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

61.  Reviewing Bad Apps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJKjYF88XMU&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

62.  Roast Yourself Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iIwCPXVDlA&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

63.  Shaving My Eyebrows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZngynzkNQ0&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

64.  Shaving My Face.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li7HdK2vIlw&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

65.  The Best of Jenna Marbles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7cpOP8UanU&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533

66.  Ultimate 100 Coats of Things Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsFLMjlgR_o&list=PLSRfsssG73AaiSaViTJdVQs905xNLMwAT

67.  What I Want When I'm Cold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aVgKls7vD0&list=PL1F32DB25A3EBA533
Jenna Marbles