
All I Have To Do Is Dream - Everly Brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbU3zdAgiX8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers - Moanin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv9NSR-2DwM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Bill Haley & His Comets - Rock Around The Clock (1955) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgdufzXvjqw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Bobby Darin - Beyond the sea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8OlDPqYBLw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Bobby Darin - Dream Lover (Lyrics On-Screen and in Description)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_urVDCrf5A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Bruno Mars - Versace on the Floor (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FyjEnoIgTM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Buddy Holly - Everyday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMezwtB1oCU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Chordettes - Lollipop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rYoRaxgOE0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Chuck Berry Sweet Little Sixteen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLV4NGpoy_E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Cliff Richard - Devil Woman (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgomTOOgl8M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Dave Brubeck - Take Five ( Original Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHdU5sHigYQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Dean Martin - Buona Sera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZKtRyjfbjU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Dean Martin - Mambo Italiano
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAQQ1Vlk1nE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Dean Martin - That's Amore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnFlx2Lnr9Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Dean Martin - Volare - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah637P0_cts&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Def Leppard - Photograph (Lyrics) Official Remaster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asY-2HWqpGM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Dion & The Belmonts I Wonder Why 1958
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAPEfdjvTqE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Doris Day - Que Sera Sera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZbKHDPPrrc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Eddie cochran  C'mon everybody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qadw2rFiaJc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Elvis Presley - Blue Suede Shoes 1956 (COLOR and STEREO)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bm5HKlQ6nGM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Elvis Presley - Don't Be Cruel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fM4svoKvotw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Elvis Presley - Heartbreak Hotel (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9BLw4W5KU8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock ('68 Comeback Special 50th Anniversary HD Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqBdTn3_0Rw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock (Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj0Rz-uP4Mk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Elvis Presley - Teddy Bear - 1957
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89MihWd6zKk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Elvis Presley All Shook Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rQEbQJx5Bo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Elvis Presley Love Me Tender (1956) (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lD711_Xh8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

elvis presley-hound dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzQ8GDBA8Is&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Everly Brothers - Bye Bye Love - Original HQ Audio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRyrWN-fftE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Faouzia - You Don't Even Know Me (Stripped)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VaBRY6PYNLI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Fats Domino - Blueberry Hill (From Legends of Rock 'n' Roll)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mix3gmzPa0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Fever - Peggy Lee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGb5IweiYG8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Giant Steps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30FTr6G53VU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Hank Williams - Hey Good Lookin' (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjCoKslQOEs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

happy days  theme song  original complete
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slvGKU7HF6M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Hey Ya!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7XnDlYY9qw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

I've Got You Under My Skin - Frank Sinatra  Concert Collection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqH7VwpSwBo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

In the Still of the Night - Fred Parris and The Satins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBT3oDMCWpI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

J-O-H-N-N-Y C-A-S-H - I've Been Everywhere - With Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov4epAJRPMw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Jackie Wilson - Lonely teardrops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nEfuE8Pw4U&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Jackie Wilson - Reet Petite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tE46zm4yjhA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

jerry lee lewis great balls of fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZD8YPY8RBQc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Johnny Tillotson - Why Do I Love You So (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAGOwTqqgYU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Little Anthony Tears on My Pillow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxjQ3M_v7xc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Little Darlin'-The Diamonds-1957
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SaHPgTdF1g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Little Richard - Long Tall Sally - from Don't Knock The Rock - HQ 1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqxNSvFMkag&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Little Richard - Lucille (1957) [Long Version, High Quality Sound]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0Ujb6lJ_mM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Little Richard - Tutti Frutti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F13JNjpNW6c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Lucille
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8hOvsg_AiY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Luther Allison - It's Been a Long Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRSiGOJ5c2c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Marty Robbins - El Paso (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWm5WErkffQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Michael Jackson - Bad (Shortened Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUXAEzaC3Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Mr. Sandman - The Chordettes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX45pYvxDiA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Nat King Cole sings When I Fall in Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfAb0gNPy6s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Neil Sedaka Oh Carol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e72tG80LmsU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

nina simone - my baby just cares for me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYSbUOoq4Vg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Olly Murs - Troublemaker ft. Flo Rida
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aQDOUbErNg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

otis taylor - resurrection blues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OG8Fjv42nM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Patience and Prudence - Tonight You Belong To Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOjVjc5vJ6I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

PAUL ANKA -  DIANA HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar-zZ21iW9w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Paul Anka - Put Your Head On My Shoulder (1959) HQ Audio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvxagNIBVLU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Pearl Jam - Come Back (Like Crazy) [HD]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cm__LTpuuRc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Percy Faith - Theme From A Summer Place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSsiS-v6_6M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Rare Hank Williams Video 1952 - Cold Cold Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yCQraOX4Bw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Ray Charles - I got a woman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnI_LuCJ4Ek&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Ray Charles - Mess Around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNe5npkid-s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Ricky Nelson- Poor Little Fool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R12H8QWnwvE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Ritchie Valens - La Bamba
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSKJQ18ZoIA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Ritchie Valens - OH Donna HD Video - Subtitulada (English Lyrics) Captions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IC9zULGSMyA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Ritchie Valens - We Belong Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkSfMj8D-7c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Rockin' Robin (Original)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcmvwFcfWmY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Ryan Bingham 'Wolves'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaaO3kv3LPQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Sam Cooke You send me Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrwfB4aAZZc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Shania Twain - You’re Still The One (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNZH-emehxA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Silky - Playing Games [VISUALISER]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v13F4cIIvss&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Slow Ride (2016 Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFgrkLzbZOs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Tennessee Ernie Ford Sings 16 Tons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Joo90ZWrUkU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

The Chords - Sh-Boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBgQezOF8kY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

The Isley Brothers - Shout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEjLFpU2pJ4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

The Kingsmen - Louie Louie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RZJ4ESU52U&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

The Penguins - Earth Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

The Platters - Only You (And You Alone) (Original Footage HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FygIKsnkCw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

The Platters - Smoke Gets In Your Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2di83WAOhU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

The Platters - The Great Pretender (Original Footage HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEzfhclKO8Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

The Platters - Twilight Time - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGwa2tw7Vws&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

The Supremes Come See About Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PycKSdKG_74&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Thurston Harris - Little Bitty Pretty One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8j4mn4eF-c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Try Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeQTWKwiRCc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Volare - Domenico Modugno - Nel blu dipinto di blu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4IjJav7xbg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Walkin' After Midnight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIoWEhrP1jo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

What'd I Say, Pt. 1 & 2 (2005 Stereo Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8U3DT2nypv8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Why Do Fools Fall In Love-Frankie Lymon+The Teenagers-1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sAHiR0rkJg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

Yul Brynner and Deborah Kerr perform Shall We Dance from The King and I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgVPnWmUqd4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

ZAYN - Outside (Comic 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADw3m4UhYak&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z
50s Dance Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1950's Dance Songs