
1.  (Patti) LaBelle - Lady Marmalade (1975) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4LWIP7SAjY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

2.  Abba - Dancing Queen (Official Music Video Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFrGuyw1V8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

3.  ABBA - Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEjLoHdbVeE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

4.  Abba - Super Trouper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BshxCIjNEjY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

5.  Abba - Voulez-Vous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=za05HBtGsgU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

6.  Alicia Myers - I want to thank you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9wGnnwBc9M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

7.  ANDY GIBB  -  I Just Want To Be Your Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkNeoTcGwrc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

8.  Anita Ward - Ring My Bell 1979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsBak0oCgdY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

9.  Ashford & Simpson - It Seems To Hang On (12 Inch Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21bditzxgpY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

10.  Barbra Streisand  Donna Summer - No More Tears (Enough is Enough) (Extended Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsY066wa08E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

11.  Bee Gees - Jive Talkin' (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBw25CrUS-o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

12.  Bee Gees - Night Fever (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ihs-vT9T3Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

13.  Bee Gees - Stayin' Alive (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_izvAbhExY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

14.  Bee Gees - Tragedy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSVTOMkJdqs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

15.  Bee Gees - You Should Be Dancing - Saturday Night Fever John Travolta USA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0lm58cet1g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

16.  Belle Epoque - Black Is Black 1977 HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WB_QudclVOI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

17.  Blondie - Heart Of Glass (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGU_4-5RaxU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

18.  Boney M Daddy cool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtxlCsVKkvY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

19.  Boney M. - Ma Baker (Sopot Festival 1979) (VOD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c5yPIQ3LQI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

20.  Carl Douglas - Kung fu fighting(original).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhUkGIsKvn0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

21.  Chic - Good Times (Atlantic Records 1979).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Er9xGRolrT4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

22.  CHIC - Le Freak (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXgSHL7efKg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

23.  Donna Summer - Hot Stuff 1979  (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqS4aNi0HQY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

24.  Donna Summer - Last Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cEbemMQ_OQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

25.  Dr. Hook - Sexy Eyes • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOrZ-nCp-_U&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

26.  Earth, Wind & Fire - Boogie Wonderland (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=god7hAPv8f0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

27.  Earth, Wind & Fire - September (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gs069dndIYk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

28.  Eruption - One Way Ticket 1978 (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4y_acTR0MY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

29.  Gloria Gaynor - I Will Survive [Official Video] 1978 [Audio iTunes Plus AAC M4A].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARt9HV9T0w8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

30.  He's the Greatest Dancer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDN5PD00CpQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

31.  Hot Chocolate - You sexy thing 1975.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIN36NweL6I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

32.  John Paul Young - Love Is In The Air (1978).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNC0kIzM1Fo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

33.  John Travolta And Olivia Newton John - You're The One That I Want.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itRFjzQICJU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

34.  KC & The Sunshine Band - Shake, shake, shake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWxLc555sgU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

35.  KC and the Sunshine Band - I'm Your Boogie Man [TopPop].VOB.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ee3C2m3OXE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

36.  Ladies Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVWqSWmzgYA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

37.  Leo Sayer - You make me feel like dancing (1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhSjwU8gEsI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

38.  Michael Jackson - Don’t Stop 'Til You Get Enough (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yURRmWtbTbo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

39.  Michael Jackson - Rock With You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5X-Mrc2l1d0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

40.  Off the Wall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0ViBH7m4XA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

41.  Patrick Hernandez - Born to Be Alive - Official Video (Clip Officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UaJAnnipkY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

42.  Rod Stewart - Da Ya Think I'm Sexy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hphwfq1wLJs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

43.  Rose Royce - Car Wash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkxaunLybuM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

44.  Saturday Night Fever - More Than A Woman (Bee Gees).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fy0rYUvn7To&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

45.  Sister Sledge - We Are Family (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyGY2NfYpeE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

46.  Tavares - Don't take away the music (retro video & audio edited) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKoCjmufmjk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

47.  Teri Desario - Ain't Nothin' Gonna Keep Me From You (1978).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnvwcGLWybI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

48.  The Real Thing - You To Me Are Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT1iDKkZNYU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

49.  The Trammps - Disco Inferno.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_sY2rjxq6M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

50.  The Whispers - And The Beat Goes On (1979).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOaxEa5ONJw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

51.  Tina Charles - I Love To Love • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMnns_iIB2M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

52.  Van McCoy & Pan's People » Do the Hustle (1975).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3kE0rvAJhM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

53.  Village People - Go West OFFICIAL Music Video 1979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wc-AQJ2MYo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

54.  Village People - YMCA OFFICIAL Music Video 1978.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CS9OO0S5w2k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

55.  Viola Wills - Gonna Get Along Without You Now • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WrpgXJzX7U&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW

56.  WALTER MURPHY- A Fifth of Beethoven (extended version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MFbn8EbB4k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAGTaM4VCcpOPCUjpQu0HmW
70s Disco Music Hits Playlist - Best 1970s Disco Songs