
Abusing your femininity - Just A Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBhcQeNd5AM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Accidentally selling your best gear - Markup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R37sz-pqK5s&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Animated 8-bit escort quest game logic - Escort Quest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3nvC20P8wM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Annoying bright spells in games - Magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NbwizzxQ_s&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Annoying cut scenes in games - Unskippable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PZheRfZu1o&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Annoying hostage rescue in games - Hostage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9G3Xuqxk-g&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Annoying playable cutscenes - Quick Time Event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4D4uoMBghf0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Assassin logic in games
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBhb_bHgiKc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Attacked during a cutscene - Provoked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDn12nkM6DE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Attacking the wrong level NPC - High Level
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQLuq1gcxQA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Bards are kind of useless in combat - The Bard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2dCzFZ9qcM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 1  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=em-a3CEchd8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 2  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjtU8H2ABn8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 3  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYxQV1G7vCc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 4  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pRg33UGod0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 5 (ASMR and bloopers and general sexual times)  VLDL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by1avpKRcq8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 6  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dT8N5TAGCOQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 7  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZBWUOe1OZ4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 8  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPRQn0fTJ_I&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 9&10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmKVaLQhRYk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Being a girl in game chat - Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISvFJw9JMlI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Being carried is boring - Carried
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEM8bTI3ptg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Being summoned and then abandoned - Summon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUvrLBv2zBc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

BLOOPERS Season 4 - Epic NPC Man  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGbKLax6aOU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Bodger has been sponsored - Sellout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlX7Trx43to&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Bumping into an old friend in game – Old Friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONxSwMaf2Mo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Bumping into your rivals - Mugger vs Mugger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMJh_KXiGKU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Can a simple NPC become self aware - Wood Cutter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQ65MK5ZnHQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Can an NPC join the fun - Guard Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpQoP9Gh1MI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Character creation screens in real life - Character creation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3O_A05PDc-M&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Charisma logic in games - Charisma Ring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBjVb_XAFyk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Clicking the wrong button - Accidental Punch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzT2zIaY34c&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Comparing quest sizes - Size Matters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gu0g-6TG-c&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Crafting complex items in RPG's - It's Finished
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnqXMJ9fEzY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Danger music with no enemies  - Danger Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8T7tyQHM88&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Did I show you this - The Present
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5o0bTz9-iM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Dying in games and collecting your items - Ghost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6m-d4zjmSE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Eating rotten meat to heal - Rancid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ov4uMipyes&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Falling too hard for an NPC - Soulmate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXEbFaW0ac8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Female armor in games - Breastplate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vI5tdORhC0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Female armour in video games - Equality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3raNknAKQo8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Finding the quest item too soon - Pre-Finished
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wx3gQe7I8KM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Finishing off the last quest in the game - Completionist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7zqnBEECG0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Fire physics in games - Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N62DdK-0-8Q&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Forced to do stupid quests - Fishing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBl2FLEU9Xs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Forcing NPC's to buy your stuff - Poor Merchant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYsyTq8pF2g&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Forcing poor NPCs to pay - Payment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXLV1SQhVhw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Forgetting to mute your mic - Open Mic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kA11NH4z1MA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Games that recycle the same skins - Skins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSmd_irJJzM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Getting drunk in games - Alcohol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWWUT580MMw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Greg teaches Baelin a lesson - The Swap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFHLB9KhnQo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Healing in the middle of combat - Banquet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_uTPURCBM0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Healing Light is just a bit too bright - Holy Nova
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwxkz0dePQw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Healing with food in games - 1HP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAo4poYha78&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Health potion logic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjXOwUnJzA0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Helping yourself into NPC houses - Meditate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zf4MoLO2yQU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

How skimpy female armor works - Protection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obAd0zAFMTI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

How to fool an NPC mugger - Invisibility Ring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9qYN1pEaY8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

How to get past a fallen log - Blocked Path
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Yh80SvW9mo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

How to instantly learn new skills in RPG's - Ability Point
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlnorSxB-qQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

How to mug a mugger - Vikings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xu4_AzUoqVU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

How to steal in front of guards - Bucket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ442NHQGco&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

How to win battles in RPG’s - Pause
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jV_DIvBk-jg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Insanely popular video game dances - Flip Flap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScTi_FctytU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Insensitively looting dead bodies - Insensitive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czi9EC9S7Ww&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Killing new players in games - Spawn Camper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0CJNpqeq8g&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Lazy adventurers in video games - Bare Minimum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eh2dgK4BMcE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Learning epic spells in games - Holy Fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLB6rP3KHcc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Legendary items in RPG's aren't always the best - Sentimental
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYroItibp2M&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Levelling up in a boss fight - Level Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Tko7Q2MlMM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Lighting fires in Warcraft - Campfire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsYlJAP_HG8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Looking for love in online games - Girlfriend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EfjuGvz_Xc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Looting random chests in games - Chest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EBn7Dk-4Cc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Micro transactions be like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGmXPk5MhuU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Mini Games - Epic NPC Man (Mini games like Gwent in Witcher and Hearthstone in warcraft)  VLDL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwgEmQtcB6Q&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Morning! Nice day for fishing ain't it! Hu ha!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vyw6n1EKlww&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Mugger logic in games
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0Kz8gQxzGE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Mugger logic in RPG's - The Dragon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAZDHrCObMs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Mugging a Goose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HfZ00X-VHI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Mugging a Kickstarter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3X-hBsFad1k&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Mugging your own grandmother - Grandma Mugger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aiuuhD9IxQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Multiple ways to complete a quest - Stealth Optional
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8YjDC0wk7M&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Never kick the chicken!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFlaL_EJuto&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Never trust a side quest - Side Quest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=je0jeehdUtc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Not enough experience to pass - New Area
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrjY2SimBjI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Obvious secret doors in games - Secret Tomb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_A6LF_JODA8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Odd things you need for crafting - Ingredients
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsWX8G1b9Yc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Overburdened logic in games
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEjNTP6_-9w&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Overwhelming video game tutorials - Combat Tips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UuZQyTWiF0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Personal space in games - Spawn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7a-_Qu9fac&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Picking up quest items in games - Flowers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pMrKj9AAm4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Player vs player can be brutal - PVP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLwn37ev1Wo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Preparing for battle in The Witcher - Preparation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQWvmwC5-Dg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Pretending to be a quest giver - Mugger Scam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mHmpvAd0gs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Realizing that you're just a copy - Quest Greg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ib_g6kGnDvA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Return to Darkwood - Evil Twins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCjDfBQ0YJM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Ridiculous player names in RPG's - Gamer Tags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzBZFArR4mc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Rogues are annoying Trolls and griefers in all MMOs - Shade Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFKS_c82-h8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Romance mechanics in games - Love Meter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nf-lhFKPqSM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

RPG guards are so damn strong - Over Powered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8tYE4daL54&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Ruthless achievements in video games - Achievement Unlocked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWwToakUCs0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Saving the world can be quite expensive - Legendary Sword
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQHWWw02zjs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

SEASON 3 TRAILER!!!! - Epic NPC Man  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra4ZhOSiChs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Selling all your junk to an NPC - Loot Hoarder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BR31Ox1pck&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Sentient video game characters - Self Aware
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGtFrnBTsmI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Sharing loot in games - Loot Fight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMTMWpw6Eww&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Showing off video game cosmetics - Poser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCKdu2FV5QY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Silent hero genius - Battle Plan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4SJOkjxZY9c&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Similar characters in video games - Darkwood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkBKZm1WfYY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Some NPCs just ruin it for everyone - Bad Voice Acting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQiLMCWX5CA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Stealing from shopkeepers in Skyrim - Thief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyfPTFcKZ38&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Stealing your followers loot - Extortion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKotiwAp6Dg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Strange Witcher quest music - NPC Choir
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEvWg_Yikxs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Stupid delivery quests in games - Shadowy Letter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnIzMYrmH-8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Stupid game expansion logic - Expansion Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_MKjaxRtE8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Stupid game tutorials - Training
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxwy8kpFwZ0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Stupid guards investigating a murder - Perception
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZEVioGqyAg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Stupid puzzle logic in RPG’s - The Puzzle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9up4Ja6Sk8Q&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Taking advantage of noobs - Scammer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dn33_uncuzk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Taking advantage of NPC's - Cannon Fodder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmk7yImJiCM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Taking on more than one escort quest - Multi Escort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMpFnlkMWuc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Taking photos in games - Photo Mode
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8y6UjzzWMEA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Teaching mean players a lesson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTNbMSiMZvM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Teaching your girlfriend how to play - Guardian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTuCtrJD_D8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

That annoying repetitive NPC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfGt3F7nj6Q&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

The Christmas update patch - Xmas special
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qis4KLT5JFs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

The most important quest!  #TeamTrees
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_eU29mGHC0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

The Nicholas Cage texture pack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0fxn3_A5gc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

The power of high charisma in games - Persuade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTdGGZrnwbs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

The power of persuasion - Mind Control
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8D53auQPCA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

The sadness of being an NPC - Balloon Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bqZ8AvF5-8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

The slowest escort quest there is - Escort
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ug-DZM2bhmo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

The truth about fast travel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTO5vhRFCv0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

The truth about rare items in games - One of a kind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bAFr3lEvgE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

The worst kind of escort quest - Stealth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykVOo1z0_gM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Time sensitive quests games - Accept
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyfxqBcLt2o&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Trying to aim with a controller - Crossplay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Mjz6j_CUzA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Trying to romance an NPC - Romance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLnbFji-O0I&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Using quicksave before killing NPC's - Quicksave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L75iBgLWmvo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Weird loots drops from RPG game creatures - Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urcbTWgituM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

What crafting in games actually looks like - Crafting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgxKIu05dKE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

What going AFK looks like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6Fgxe2M4C0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

What happens when a child plays a game - Child's Play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YtAV_e6Sf8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

What happens when you skip long cutscenes - Vital Cutscene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4utATCiTfi0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

What lag looks like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5oVGL-NVG4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

What mute must feel like for an NPC - Mute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2UPBVCdgB8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

What streaming looks like - Twitch Viewers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUg7O--XuGw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

What streaming on Twitch actually looks like - Streamer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVr1NdZ0Pl0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

What taunting looks like in video games - Taunt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9bOWOH_9xs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When a death knight does side quests - Death Knight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_tLV7lVJ9c&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When a female finally finds decent armor - Discard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Yh35uWLBQ8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When a game malfunctions - Burning Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJUyX2fSw7A&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When an NPC can't leave his spot - Help
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdTF0FJJMkQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When an NPC finally loses it - Broken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeNdC8hVIT0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When an NPC gets in your way - Block
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIK-y7SA9eo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When an NPC gets stuck - Log
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UV06wV-5XvU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When an NPC gets stuck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bodhetqm2M&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When an NPC is stuck across two worlds - Instancing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQCAdxSWdBY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When another player gets the last hit -  Kill Steal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0VMVkWoFgw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When game choices make no difference - Choice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQHo4neviTI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When games become a job - The grind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjJV6WFFYpI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When games bug out - The Loop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1k2ivJoRpc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When important quest relics just pop up - Spellbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_B_15miwvCM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When modding goes too far - Mods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awQWkh6NdRA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When mugging gets stupid - Wagon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oukQqrf4FKU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When NPC's are not where they should be - Glitch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZnSEC44SPk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When NPC's forget to die - Arrow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP9sEt8Xj6g&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When NPC's over react - Woah
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EnEloEPjXug&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When players skip an NPC's dialogue - Skip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbJ51AJuR7E&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When the animation doesn't match the spell - Fire Bolt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQVNrAUk4lE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When the boss has an obvious weak spot - Weak Spot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14nYV7h-IiM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When the characters are all mixed up - Freaky Friday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pf-QVfv6KCc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When the cut scene timing is terrible - Awkward Cutscene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lHR_sV5oWw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When the game gets hacked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vu5Or-3vrI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When the Horde enters Alliance territory in World of Warcraft - Troll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcZcaTx2Sb4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When the Leeroy Jenkins joke gets old - Leeroy Jenkins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vu0W5SdNuis&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When the main quest interrupts everything - Main Quest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfnSX2Bs3ws&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When the player doesn't care - Fair Maiden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuyaBA4h4uk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When the quest reward sucks - Reward
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K71akvTt24s&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When the server is busy - Crowded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqEotf_cR2w&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When video games hold your hand - Clues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPb0AMsNJDU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When you just can't resist looting everything - Loot Lust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldUHSa6-bMo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When you max out stealth in RPG's - Sneak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66oyL15H_DA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When you over use Quick Save
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7RCUCEM6XY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

When your character never speaks - Silent Hero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPI84G5HpJ8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Where do you keep your horse - Horse Pocket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvEe3Y3B2cg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

World ending video game spells - Meteor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msvTRIRaiQ4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Worst pre-battle speech ever - Inspiration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YU8ORBdRPi4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

Worst time to be stuck in dialogue in an RPG - Zombie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgfQTYkS0J4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf
Epic NPC Man  Viva La Dirt League