
WSU 100 Years of Gravitational Waves with Rai Weiss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fhid7_BhUss&list=

WSU Exploring Our Humanity with Lee Berger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFOxfjs53u8&list=

WSU Exploring the Warped Universe with Nergis Mavalvala
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ds1oaReVve4&list=

WSU Free Will and Neuroscience with Alfred Mele
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxoqw8nubrc&list=

WSU Fundamental Lessons from String Theory with Cumrun Vafa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqszNrp1EDQ&list=

WSU Gravitational Waves  Einstein’s Astrophysical Messengers with Gabriela González
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhVSDP-qDok&list=

WSU Master Class Brain Machine Interfaces with Miguel Nicolelis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t40tlEDwjyg&list=

WSU Master Class From Chemistry to Life with Dimitar Sasselov
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQNWR9WftHY&list=

WSU Master Class From Chemistry to Living Materials Matter & Sound with Markus Buehler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMkBAEd7A2s&list=

WSU Master Class History and Mysteries of The Universe with Max Tegmark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxmLdJvJ8lc&list=

WSU Master Class How Black Holes Became Real with Priyamvada Natarajan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQZCTrJYkYI&list=

WSU Master Class Illuminating Black Holes with Veronika Hubeny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejW87b-FpCU&list=

WSU Master Class Mathematics, The Language of Nature with Edward Frenkel Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMuz_bTRBGA&list=

WSU Master Class New Ideas About Dark Matter with Justin Khoury
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCSYW_sevyc&list=

WSU Master Class Synthetic Biology’s Industrial Revolution with Drew Endy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKQaXcQHsBM&list=

WSU Master Class The Monster at the Heart of our Galaxy with Andrea Ghez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcPPGVigvZk&list=

WSU Master Class Universe or Multiverse with Andrei Linde
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bGOOXdWgm4&list=

WSU Nature’s Constituents with Maria Spiropulu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPt3f7yRYUE&list=

WSU Oceans in Peril with Sylvia Earle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTumBSpjX2c&list=

WSU Space, Time, and Einstein with Brian Greene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKJuC5CUMgU&list=

WSU Special Relativity with Brian Greene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFV2feKDK9E&list=

WSU The Accelerating Universe with Adam Riess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQXNSKYCWXw&list=

WSU The Biology of Consciousness with Christof Koch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdHbQjVlrfc&list=

WSU The Dark Side of the Universe with Michael Turner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpqBpY6aGMw&list=

WSUAccelerate, Collide, Detect with Barry Barish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NBkgjJhI5U&list=
WSU Master Classes