
1. C# For Beginners Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpc86RF7mVI

10. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Scope and Statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVfQkRYPMAU

11. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96vtXG0HFrU

12. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Creating and Using Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGfcpTiEpz0

13. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Numeric Types.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_2fYL8731Q

14. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using Numeric Types.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTTdpvxjRkI

15. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Suffixes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ulydjj1ZITY

16. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Basic Arithmetic Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9l0LEtQe-I

17. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Explicit Conversions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efFEvfpLAhI

18. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Increment and Decrement Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxCUcZmcXlg

19. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Strings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrMcer2uIrE

2. C# For Beginners  Section Outline - Installing and Using Visual Studio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1CO-3E6r9Q

20. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using Strings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mkljgGm3vs

21. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Arrays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFO2bDZlYgs

22. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using Array Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbN-KdTxnQI

23. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Debugging Code.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2h0GZ7i5MQQ

24. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Debugging Code Demo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW97otBCCAY

25. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Section Outline - Control Flow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx_B77zzN3A

26. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Relational Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEFM9ZoI8_s

27. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using Relational Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyG5WTc9X2E

28. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Logical Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFo4fUDYqO0

29. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using Logical Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkGZy884GFc

3. C# For Beginners Downloading And Installing Visual Studio 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5P_q6Q01vdU

30. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) If Else Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzGE3kcqjCY

31. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Else If Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-mdmerf8rs

32. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Switch Case Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svNoCxjN7-w

33. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) While Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfNRUfbmxyk

34. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using A While Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-3mfrt-2XE

35. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Do While Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0tNeULI85s

36. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) For Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tl8KXmTcZZM

37. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Foreach Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEAssu-KWIg

38. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Jumping Statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qohRcb-zfvM

39. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Try Catch Blocks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYmRJDBnKWw

4. C# For Beginners Creating a Solution and Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyhG0vcd8-Q

40. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Section Outline - Classes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=is8C1cPgpeo

41. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) What Are Classes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYknzBP7oH8

42. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Creating A Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4L9ZpLfxgFA

43. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Declaring A Method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiDJyUzgUT8

44. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Parameters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQvopXBgeVw

45. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Declaring A Property.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PevvPARvoAk

46. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Declaring An Object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TX8oSkUOrx8

47. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using An Object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsMJkfDHmYw

48. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Property Shortcuts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTN36Myf_Lw

49. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Method Overloading And Signatures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrGJBGxe9SY

5. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Visual Studio Windows and Navigation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBUXVM3kEa8

50. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Class Constructors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WawbhaxTul0

51. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Classes and Reference Types.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAEPP6102VI

52. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Section Outline - Object Oriented Programming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPQRHb_7gOc

53. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Object Oriented Programming and The Pillars of OOP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DZFnTiyiN4

54. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Encapsulation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZ84k4euSEY

55. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Inheritance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBapjY-AnMQ

56. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Polymorphism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3meJ6GYd1uw

57. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Abstraction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6rd0fCaqAM

58. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Interfaces.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OexOnor-LCM

59. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Section Outline - Odds And Ends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIfmN64WU1A

6. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Solution and Project Properties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4On73tR3p0E

60. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Generics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yecylMUrbUY

61. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Collections.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQx4D3IZ824

62. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Adding Projects and References.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUWp9E66y_A

63. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) NuGet Packages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCEUOvwxKtg

64. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Conclusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEOjTSoUcQg

7. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Section Outline - Basic Concepts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrJgGibIdao

8. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Writing Your First Code.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bn0bJy7QTvI

9. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) .NET Framework.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXwJGIqk3lI

Async and await in C# example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5VhaxQWcpE

c# wait for thread to finish without blocking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgHYVPKJRX8

Part 1 - C# Tutorial - Introduction.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXmVym6L8dw

Part 10 - C# Tutorial - If statement in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TIAA-vgNeY

Part 100   Func delegate in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Q4LKCIYrzQ

Part 11 - C# Tutorial - switch statement in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soKhwNYxs2I

Part 12 - C# Tutorial - switch statement in c# continued.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iORcA42zptA

Part 13 - C# Tutorial - while loop in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xlc9qzOQmk

Part 14 - C# Tutorial - do while loop in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7fVZZeNXec

Part 15 - C# Tutorial - for and foreach loops in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zbFaDbADsQ

Part 16 - C# Tutorial - Methods in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4hOXIG8yPo

Part 17 - C# Tutorial - Method parameters.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xYSFbUPP0E

Part 18 - C# Tutorial - Namespaces.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQTbvVemMAg

Part 19 - C# Tutorial - Introduction to classes.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Us2i7D-urgs

Part 2 - C# Tutorial - Reading and writing to a console.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QcHJ33YrYk

Part 20 - C# Tutorial - Static and instance class members.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFQLmHCguGs

Part 21 - C# Tutorial - Inheritance in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLTk0xAVY00

Part 22 - C# Tutorial - Method hiding in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FhagHE3nw8

Part 23 - C# Tutorial - Polymorphism in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4a_iTOtGhM8

Part 24 - C# Tutorial - Difference between method overriding and method hiding.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Igt-X-9WF8

Part 25 - C# Tutorial - Method overloading in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSYpddX1jVI

Part 26 - C# Tutorial - Why Properties.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYXQH2QFmqk

Part 27 - C# Tutorial - Properties in C#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGR425gMKeA

Part 28 - C# Tutorial - Structs in C#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8DZqt3tCr4

Part 29 - C# Tutorial - Difference between classes and structs in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGNW0jH1sn0

Part 3 - C# Tutorial - Built - in types.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3k5d6xub-E

Part 30 - C# Tutorial - Interfaces in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6d8CIVoYSI

Part 31 - C# Tutorial - Explicit interfaces implementation.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5C7W98VVI88

Part 32 - C# Tutorial - Abstract classes in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7amjs2y_dgo

Part 33 - C# Tutorial - Difference between abstract classes and interfaces.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlLqvwocSr4

Part 34 - C# Tutorial - Problems of multiple class inheritance.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KFCD-DxEhw

Part 35 - C# Tutorial - Multiple class inheritance using interfaces.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Huj3Jbz-NFw

Part 36 - C# Tutorial - Delegates in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2h46fvQX04

Part 37 - C# Tutorial - Delegates usage in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBOzvNO8lvk

Part 38 - C# Tutorial - Delegates usage in c# continued.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0tkKZoMN1Y

Part 39   C# Tutorial   Multicast Delegates in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uJYp9NIhfQ

Part 4 - C# Tutorial - String type in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5g3TTPaGVzE

Part 40   C# Tutorial   Exception Handling in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxdSb3ZCWYc

Part 41   C# Tutorial   Inner Exceptions in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MO3sOTWfZPc

Part 42   C# Tutorial   Custom Exceptions in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qHb-2Edg7o

Part 43   C# Tutorial   Exception handling abuse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anbiOWXem98

Part 44   C# Tutorial   Preventing exception handling abuse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiIpETRweVo

Part 45   C# Tutorial   Why Enums.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-LJlrMXZ5k

Part 46   C# Tutorial   Enums Example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsTVTCP-c4w

Part 47   C# Tutorial   Enums in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2f5R8NdIdzc

Part 48   C# Tutorial   Difference between Types and Type Members.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6WWi6t-C1c

Part 49   C# Tutorial   Access Modifiers in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G238zPCJBu4

Part 5 - C# Tutorial - Common Operators in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFWwWcZ74gU

Part 50   C# Tutorial   Internal and Protected Internal Access Modifiers in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2h27E7Yw2E8

Part 51   C# Tutorial   Access Modifiers for types.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfJY1X7XSco

Part 52   C# Tutorial   Attributes in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWZXj27-6Cw

Part 53   C# Tutorial   Reflection in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8-uq6Ur7Dc

Part 54   C# Tutorial Reflection Example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHHd3GNOuXU

Part 55   C# Tutorial   Late binding using reflection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0eIgl5iqqQ

Part 56   C# Tutorial   Generics in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zHRmXkJ5Bw

Part 57 C# Tutorial Why should you override ToString Method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwPZLPNR3ns

Part 58 C# Tutorial Why should you override Equals Method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhXWil0kcTo

Part 59 C# Tutorial Difference between Convert ToString and ToString.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8QODekVo58

Part 6 - C# Tutorial - Nullable Types.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuLJbiqpIM0

Part 60 C# Tutorial Difference between String and StringBuilder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lFAs6FYTXg

Part 61  Partial classes in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNCkrtmqpW0

Part 62   Creating partial classes in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eB7UhLBW87U

Part 63   Partial methods in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDlR24_sPTo

Part 64 - C# Tutorial - How and where are indexers used in .net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHj8HHCjQU0

Part 65 - C# Tutorial - Indexers in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=km1hd9-dVz4

Part 66 - C# Tutorial - Overloading indexers in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teBsjG20TW4

Part 67 Optional parameters in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbtjGii300k

Part 68  Making method parameters optional using method overloading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khcOI3-Kh84

Part 69  Making method parameters optional by specifying parameter defaults.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dmycz0ro1Yc

Part 7   C# Tutorial   Datatypes conversion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcDaNmGDMoM

Part 70  Making method parameters optional by using OptionalAttribute.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_9f5SSXxLw

Part 71   Code snippets in visual studio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBmb_3Uv5xI

Part 72   What is dictionary in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMjt6ywaSow

Part 73   What is dictionary in c# continued.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8QbpMxO_As

Part 74   List collection class in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXyoJA579QI

Part 75   List collection class in c# continued.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DKvOREiLBg

Part 76   Working with generic list class and ranges in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASGgnLD4C-E

Part 77   Sort a list of simple types in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHqg6qOn4no

Part 78   Sort a list of complex types in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bUI6r19z-s

Part 79   Sort a list of complex types using Comparison delegate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMQ-RRh2FR8

Part 8 - C# Tutorial - Arrays in C#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sqUaw4g_iQ

Part 80   Some useful methods of List collection class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdiOQWwMXCE

Part 81   When to use a dictionary over list in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOatGvMrt68

Part 82   Generic queue collection class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ffr_qo0BbM

Part 83   Generic stack collection class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sn6Qa26EeQc

Part 84   Real time example of queue collection class in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIs7ZsMCUWA

Part 85   Real time example of stack collection class in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz8BVFmCX6E

Part 86   Multithreading in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mjqXiggWNc

Part 87   Advantages and disadvantages of multithreading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QyeiwdymGU

Part 88   ThreadStart delegate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzW4DdlPCEo

Part 89   ParameterizedThreadStart delegate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGKn2sOZBGg

Part 9 - C# Tutorial - Comments in C#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRgAAokHBNw

Part 90   Passing data to the Thread function in a type safe manner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asSMDgkwIvw

Part 91   Retrieving data from Thread function using callback method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnaLAIpRUws

Part 92   Significance of Thread Join and Thread IsAlive functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjvMr12TU1Q

Part 93   Protecting shared resources from concurrent access in multithreading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjzplzR8E3U

Part 94   Difference between Monitor and lock in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9jJKPVxD7c

Part 95   Deadlock in a multithreaded program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMCyZLYVODI

Part 96   How to resolve a deadlock in a multithreaded program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=px4bXKYb2-Y

Part 97   Performance of a multithreaded program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDCAMwTgiZU

Part 98   Anonymous methods in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4trl43Ycksg

Part 99   Lambda expression in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDgQ-spnrYY
C# Tutorial For Beginners