
Alec Benjamin & Rudy Mancuso Jam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuYF8V3gBCY&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Alesso x Rudy [Original Song]  Alesso & Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h208HbsyTzs&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Battle with Charlie Puth  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAzqBDFs418&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Best Elevator Music  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gu_4W9XfRg&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Best Lie Ever  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYHEdrGv2Wk&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Circle Of Love  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8eFzkfto2w&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Circle of Love - Sound Design  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQaPHK1IrVg&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Circle of Strangers  Rudy Mancuso, Anwar Jibawi & Hannah Stocking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxS6g74fmRI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Crazy Car Music  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_D697RwPeA&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Ed Sheeran - Shape of You [Remix by Rudy Mancuso].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KJEPYW5EiI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Life Is Music  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vW2UtCHOYk&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Love  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyM5K70Rzno&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

More Music  Rudy Mancuso & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcLqHPysm4k&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Musical Fiction  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3k6RD9zVvpE&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Musical Fiction with Alec Benjamin  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6xswALsyFI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

OnStage YouTube Performance  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzNPxVpXW4U&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Queen - You're My Best Friend (Rudy Mancuso Cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNRRcA1l-2E&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell - Magic (Acoustic Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9_WGkd_svI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell - Magic (LoKii Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nOsOYQbzFw&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell - Magic (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRkTgVynmbM&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso & Poo Bear - Black & White (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXFIMdJduvY&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso - friday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CufCZ9Wylqk&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso - I Think I'm Cool (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ISQzmVHvc0&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso - Lento (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vqwgl58WNjo&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso - Mama (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGl5V5ZNya0&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso - monday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCclXVpMLqI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso - saturday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ygx7lfUbA0&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso - sunday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2hmJ7rSEtU&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso - thursday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFLTQYNQiiw&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso - tuesday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_nOBHglEGk&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso - wednesday  bored at home (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVmbKAkxrQ4&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Rudy Mancuso and Justin Bieber Jam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zdA47strL0&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Split Love  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_Jh7WwqdQ0&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

SYNESTHESIA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20faPwXUbb4&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

The Growlers - Love Test  Rudy Mancuso & Maia Mitchell Cover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=552kbznlcKs&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

The Magical Drum  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=me2wbBIg5nI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

Weird Jam with Bebe Rexha  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDIWyNsuOaI&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho

XAXO, Mau y Ricky, Rudy Mancuso - Anda Pal Carajo (APC).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy5dCyYzFKE&list=PLEKh8p2zZRX-Q9_2LHVpeu-7tjcPNouho
Rudy's Music  Rudy Mancuso