
10 things you didn't know about orgasm  Mary Roach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jx0dTYUO5E

5 techniques to speak any language  Sid Efromovich  TEDxUpperEastSide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WLHr1_EVtQ

5 ways to listen better  Julian Treasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSohjlYQI2A

A TED speaker's worst nightmare  Colin Robertson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nw52e0dfCaA

ALL Performances Darci Lynne - The WINNER America's Got Talent 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFf5VaYLTNQ

Angry Video Game Nerd - Season 5 (AVGN Full Season Five)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIDu72rGs50

Angry Video Game Nerd - Season 6 (AVGN Full Season Six)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TShomFm6CUI

Angry Video Game Nerd - Season 7 (AVGN Full Season Seven) (1527059)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uW2ppKluUPs

Angry Video Game Nerd - Season 7 (AVGN Full Season Seven) (1845508)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uW2ppKluUPs

Angry Video Game Nerd - Season 7 (AVGN Full Season Seven)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uW2ppKluUPs

Angry Video Game Nerd - Season 8 (AVGN Full Season Eight)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLhkZ4-xcoE

BEST Auditions From America's Got Talent 2017  Top Talents
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-pI913zxg0

Bill Gates Teachers need real feedback
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81Ub0SMxZQo

Body language, the power is in the palm of your hands  Allan Pease  TEDxMacquarieUniversity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZZ7k8cMA-4

Breaking the language barrier  Tim Doner  TEDxTeen 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNmf-G81Irs

Colin Grant The son of a difficult father
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05jJodDVJRQ

Dan Dennett Cute, sexy, sweet, funny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzN-uIVkfjg

Embrace the Shake  Phil Hansen  TED Talks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrZTho_o_is

Eric Liu Why ordinary people need to understand power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cd0JH1AreDw

Famous ElusiveUnconfirmed MovieTV Quotes (PART 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPRYlySthLo

Famous MovieTV Misquotes (PART 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VA2tFF_iIqg

Glenn Greenwald Why privacy matters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcSlowAhvUk

Gratitude  Louie Schwartzberg  TEDxSF
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXDMoiEkyuQ

How do you explain consciousness  David Chalmers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhRhtFFhNzQ

How I held my breath for 17 minutes  David Blaine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFnGhrC_3Gs

How to become a memory master  Idriz Zogaj  TEDxGoteborg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ebJlcZMx3c

How to believe in yourself Jim Cathcart at TEDxDelrayBeach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ki9-oaPwHs

How to build your creative confidence  David Kelley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16p9YRF0l-g

How to find your passion and inner awesomenes  Eugene Hennie  TEDxMMU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rH0AlC2TbR8

How to know your life purpose in 5 minutes  Adam Leipzig  TEDxMalibu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVsXO9brK7M

How to learn any language in six months  Chris Lonsdale  TEDxLingnanUniversity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0yGdNEWdn0

How to make stress your friend  Kelly McGonigal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcGyVTAoXEU

How to speak so that people want to listen  Julian Treasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIho2S0ZahI

How to spot a liar  Pamela Meyer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_6vDLq64gE

If I should have a daughter ...  Sarah Kay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0snNB1yS3IE

Innovating to zero!  Bill Gates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaF-fq2Zn7I

Making sense of string theory  Brian Greene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtdE662eY_M

Male Singers Hitting Female Singers HIGH NOTES!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ym3VhkGH3E4

Matthew O'Reilly Am I dying The honest answer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaMnRrrQx48

MEGA MAN Games (DOS, PS1, PS2) - Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN) (1831883)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3iEn5rzMnw

MEGA MAN Games (DOS, PS1, PS2) - Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3iEn5rzMnw

MOST INTENSE Performances EVER on Got Talent  Top Talent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRi08WNWLTU

Never, ever give up  Diana Nyad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx8uYIfUvh4

On being wrong  Kathryn Schulz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QleRgTBMX88

One more reason to get a good night’s sleep  Jeff Iliff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJK-dMlATmM

Overcoming hopelessness  Nick Vujicic  TEDxNoviSad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6P2nPI6CTlc

Paperboy (NES) - Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oH0rzY5zOA

Planet of the Apes (Sony Playstation) - Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbAoITuMqg4

Polybius - Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4hktqhBpzY

Strange answers to the psychopath test  Jon Ronson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYemnKEKx0c

The Best Top 7 AMAZING Auditions  America's Got Talent 2017 (1185403)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kwrdk207jA

The Best Top 7 AMAZING Auditions  America's Got Talent 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kwrdk207jA

The danger of silence  Clint Smith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiKtZgImdlY

The emergence of 4D printing  Skylar Tibbits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gMCZFHv9v8

The first 20 hours -- how to learn anything  Josh Kaufman  TEDxCSU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MgBikgcWnY

The freakonomics of McDonalds vs. drugs  Steven Levitt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UGC2nLnaes

The great porn experiment  Gary Wilson  TEDxGlasgow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSF82AwSDiU

The habits of happiness  Matthieu Ricard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbLEf4HR74E

The hidden meanings in kids' movies  Colin Stokes  TEDxBeaconStreet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nx8RRIiP53Q

The hidden power of smiling  Ron Gutman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9cGdRNMdQQ

The key to transforming yourself -- Robert Greene at TEDxBrixton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLt_yDvdeLQ

The Mandela Effect in Movies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltst5EDnde4

The surprising science of happiness  Dan Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4q1dgn_C0AU

To This Day ... for the bullied and beautiful  Shane Koyczan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa1iS1MqUy4

Try something new for 30 days  Matt Cutts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnfBXjWm7hc

Underwater astonishments  David Gallo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVvn8dpSAt0

What you don't know about marriage  Jenna McCarthy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8u42OjH0ss

Why do we sleep  Russell Foster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWULB9Aoopc

Why good leaders make you feel safe  Simon Sinek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmyZMtPVodo

Why people believe weird things  Michael Shermer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8T_jwq9ph8k

Why we do what we do  Tony Robbins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cpc-t-Uwv1I

Why we love, why we cheat  Helen Fisher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-ewvCNguug

Why we make bad decisions  Dan Gilbert (1679568)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4

Why we make bad decisions  Dan Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4

Why we need to talk about suicide  Mark Henick  TEDxToronto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1QoyTmeAYw

Why you will fail to have a great career  Larry Smith  TEDxUW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKHTawgyKWQ

You Know What’s BS! Clothing Tags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuAp-4j6QKQ

You Know What’s BS! Oversized Packaging (1000472)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGL3zr3xDHU

You Know What’s BS! Oversized Packaging (1259666)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGL3zr3xDHU

You Know What’s BS! Oversized Packaging (1352795)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGL3zr3xDHU

You Know What’s BS! Oversized Packaging (1589312)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGL3zr3xDHU

You Know What’s BS! Oversized Packaging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGL3zr3xDHU

You Know What’s BS! Public Bathrooms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4Doj1AZInI

Your body language may shape who you are  Amy Cuddy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks-_Mh1QhMc

Your elusive creative genius  Elizabeth Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86x-u-tz0MA
improve listening English skill with Ted talks