
1Password Comes to Linux -- Don't Use it..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RC3lzTtOR98

5 Reasons Why Ubuntu Should Ditch Gnome, 2 Reasons Why They Shouldn't.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaLqEwB7Hrg

5 Reasons Why Windows 11 Sucks (And Why Linux is Better).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFFlF9-3fz8

Adobe is Holding Linux Back -- And We Have No Real Alternatives.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3FVYaur-rg

Arch Based Distros are Better for Most than Vanilla Arch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZlnKd5-gc0

Audio On Linux Should Be More Like Audio on Mobile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezNTDJeibA0

Bluetooth Audio on Linux is Still Broken (Rant).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6SXPyuv7SE

CLI Is Sometimes Better for You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2JYj32CihU

Did Mozilla Just Kill Firefox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-L-1Jy1CQgA

Firefox is Broken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1stGRqNw8hU

GNOME is Okay Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8NezxAIZNQ

Linux Deserves a Better Office Suite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pYgdIx6R9U

Linux is Too Hard for Noobs to Install (Ramble).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCBiirURtas

Linux Mint is a Useless Distro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HMlj-udakA

My Linux is Better Than Your Linux [Ramble].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCJX9wCL4to

Rant File Pickers on Linux Are Terrible.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmcV3scJKXc

Rant Ubuntu is a Good Distro, Stop Saying Otherwise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fFwhlQFCF4

Suckless Software is Terrible -- Unless You Work For It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tyHU8e5SXI

The Browser Wars Are Over -- Firefox Lost.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FvPoBqSUwM

The Easiest Ways of Contributing to Open Source Software.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QukvQBj5cIc

The FISH Shell is Meh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gmw3OpkmWcI

The Quest For No Mouse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjvapjssFaA

There and Back Again A Distro Hopper's Journey (Ramble).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWRD6UOS2Vk

What is the Best Flavor of Ubuntu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxE-t1m_FGE

Why Are There No Good Dual Pane File Managers on Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8eMOVHuvDM

Why Are There No Good Non-Google Search Engines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vo8VZO0ph6s

Why Does Arch Linux Have Such a Bad Reputation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2ir7V7lUzo

Why Isn't the Snap Store Open Source.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jB--Wpfk008

Why Won't People Pay for Open Source Software.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwpCWqUWn8k

Why ZSH Is My Shell of Choice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOGLaUGysqI
Linux Rants