
 Tears,  and the Mysterians 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Tears, ? and the Mysterians

, Prince 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=, Prince

A Change Is Gonna Come, Sam Cooke 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=A Change Is Gonna Come, Sam Cooke

A Day in the Life, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=A Day in the Life, The Beatles

A Hard Day's Night, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=A Hard Day's Night, The Beatles

Ain't It a Shame, Fats Domino 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ain't It a Shame, Fats Domino

Ain't No Sunshine, Bill Withers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ain't No Sunshine, Bill Withers

Alison, Elvis Costello 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Alison, Elvis Costello

All Along the Watchtower, Jimi Hendrix 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=All Along the Watchtower, Jimi Hendrix

All Apologies, Nirvana 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=All Apologies, Nirvana

All I Have to Do Is Dream, The Everly Brothers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=All I Have to Do Is Dream, The Everly Brothers

All Shook Up, Elvis Presley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=All Shook Up, Elvis Presley

All the Young Dudes, Mott the Hoople 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=All the Young Dudes, Mott the Hoople

All You Need Is Love, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=All You Need Is Love, The Beatles

Alone Again Or, Love 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Alone Again Or, Love

Anarchy in the U.K., The Sex Pistols 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Anarchy in the U.K., The Sex Pistols

Another Brick in the Wall Part 2, Pink Floyd 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Another Brick in the Wall Part 2, Pink Floyd

Baba O'Riley, The Who 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Baba O'Riley, The Who

Baby I Need Your Loving, The Four Tops 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Baby I Need Your Loving, The Four Tops

Baby Love, The Supremes 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Baby Love, The Supremes

Back in Black, ACDC 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Back in Black, AC/DC

Bad Moon Rising, Creedence Clearwater Revival 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bad Moon Rising, Creedence Clearwater Revival

Band of Gold, Freda Payne 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Band of Gold, Freda Payne

Be My Baby, The Ronettes 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Be My Baby, The Ronettes

Be-Bop-A-Lula, Gene Vincent and His Blue Caps 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Be-Bop-A-Lula, Gene Vincent and His Blue Caps

Beast of Burden, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Beast of Burden, The Rolling Stones

Beat It, Michael Jackson 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Beat It, Michael Jackson

Billie Jean, Michael Jackson 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Billie Jean, Michael Jackson

Bitter Sweet Symphony, The Verve 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bitter Sweet Symphony, The Verve

Bizarre Love Triangle, New Order 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bizarre Love Triangle, New Order

Black Dog, Led Zeppelin 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Black Dog, Led Zeppelin

Blitzkrieg Bop, Ramones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Blitzkrieg Bop, Ramones

Blowin' in the Wind, Bob Dylan 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Blowin' in the Wind, Bob Dylan

Blue Eyes Crying In the Rain, Willie Nelson 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Blue Eyes Crying In the Rain, Willie Nelson

Blue Suede Shoes, Carl Perkins 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Blue Suede Shoes, Carl Perkins

Blue Suede Shoes, Elvis Presley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Blue Suede Shoes, Elvis Presley

Blueberry Hill, Fats Domino 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Blueberry Hill, Fats Domino

Bo Diddley, Bo Diddley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bo Diddley, Bo Diddley

Bohemian Rhapsody, Queen 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bohemian Rhapsody, Queen

Boom Boom, John Lee Hooker 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Boom Boom, John Lee Hooker

Born in the U.S.A., Bruce Springsteen 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Born in the U.S.A., Bruce Springsteen

Born to Be Wild, Steppenwolf 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Born to Be Wild, Steppenwolf

Born to Run, Bruce Springsteen 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Born to Run, Bruce Springsteen

Both Sides Now, Joni Mitchell 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Both Sides Now, Joni Mitchell

Bridge Over Troubled Water, Simon and Garfunkel 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bridge Over Troubled Water, Simon and Garfunkel

Bring the Noise, Public Enemy 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bring the Noise, Public Enemy

Brown Eyed Girl, Van Morrison 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Brown Eyed Girl, Van Morrison

Brown Eyed Handsome Man, Chuck Berry 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Brown Eyed Handsome Man, Chuck Berry

Brown Sugar, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Brown Sugar, The Rolling Stones

Buddy Holly, Weezer 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Buddy Holly, Weezer

By the Time I Get to Phoenix, Glem Campbell 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=By the Time I Get to Phoenix, Glem Campbell

Bye Bye Love, The Everly Brothers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Bye Bye Love, The Everly Brothers

C'mon Everybody, Eddie Cochran 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=C'mon Everybody, Eddie Cochran

California Dreamin', The Mamas and The Papas 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=California Dreamin', The Mamas and The Papas

California Girls, The Beach Boys 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=California Girls, The Beach Boys

California Love, Dr. Dre and 2Pac 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=California Love, Dr. Dre and 2Pac

Call Me, Blondie 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Call Me, Blondie

Can't Buy Me Love, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Can't Buy Me Love, The Beatles

Can't Help Falling in Love, Elvis Presley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Can't Help Falling in Love, Elvis Presley

Candle in the Wind, Elton John 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Candle in the Wind, Elton John

Caroline, No, The Beach Boys 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Caroline, No, The Beach Boys

Cathy's Clown, The Everly Brothers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cathy's Clown, The Everly Brothers

Chain of Fools, Aretha Franklin 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chain of Fools, Aretha Franklin

Changes, David Bowie 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Changes, David Bowie

Chapel of Love, The Dixie Cups 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Chapel of Love, The Dixie Cups

Come As You Are, Nirvana 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Come As You Are, Nirvana

Come Go With Me, The Del-Vikings 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Come Go With Me, The Del-Vikings

Come Together, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Come Together, The Beatles

Comfortably Numb, Pink Floyd 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Comfortably Numb, Pink Floyd

Complete Control, The Clash 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Complete Control, The Clash

Cortez the Killer, Neil Young 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cortez the Killer, Neil Young

Crazy, Patsy Cline 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Crazy, Patsy Cline

Crossroads, Cream 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Crossroads, Cream

Crying, Roy Orbison 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Crying, Roy Orbison

Cupid, Sam Cooke 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Cupid, Sam Cooke

Da Doo Ron Ron (When He Walked Me Home), The Crystals 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Da Doo Ron Ron (When He Walked Me Home), The Crystals

Dance to the Music, Sly and the Family Stone 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Dance to the Music, Sly and the Family Stone

Dancing Barefoot, Patti Smith Group 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Dancing Barefoot, Patti Smith Group

Dancing in the Street, Martha and the Vandellas 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Dancing in the Street, Martha and the Vandellas

Dancing Queen, Abba 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Dancing Queen, Abba

Desolation Row, Bob Dylan 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Desolation Row, Bob Dylan

Desperado, The Eagles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Desperado, The Eagles

Devil With a Blue Dress OnGood Golly Miss Molly, Mitch Ryder and the Detroit Wheels 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Devil With a Blue Dress On/Good Golly Miss Molly, Mitch Ryder and the Detroit Wheels

Do Right Woman, Do Right Man, Aretha Franklin 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Do Right Woman, Do Right Man, Aretha Franklin

Do Ya Think I'm Sexy, Rod Stewart 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Do Ya Think I'm Sexy?, Rod Stewart

Do You Believe in Magic, The Lovin' Spoonful 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Do You Believe in Magic, The Lovin' Spoonful

Don't Be Cruel, Elvis Presley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Don't Be Cruel, Elvis Presley

Don't Fear) the Reaper, Blue Oyster Cult 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Don't Fear) the Reaper, Blue Oyster Cult

Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood, The Animals 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood, The Animals

Don't Worry Baby, The Beach Boys 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Don't Worry Baby, The Beach Boys

Dream On, Aerosmith 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Dream On, Aerosmith

Earth Angel, The Penguins 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Earth Angel, The Penguins

Eight Miles High, The Byrds 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Eight Miles High, The Byrds

Eleanor Rigby, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Eleanor Rigby, The Beatles

Enter Sandman, Metallica 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Enter Sandman, Metallica

Every Breath You Take, The Police 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Every Breath You Take, The Police

Everybody Needs Somebody to Love, Solomon Burke 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Everybody Needs Somebody to Love, Solomon Burke

Everyday People, Sly and the Family Stone 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Everyday People, Sly and the Family Stone

Everyday, Buddy Holly and the Crickets 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Everyday, Buddy Holly and the Crickets

Fake Plastic Trees,Radiohead 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Fake Plastic Trees,Radiohead

Family Affair, Sly and the Family Stone 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Family Affair, Sly and the Family Stone

Fast Car, Tracy Chapman 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Fast Car, Tracy Chapman

Fight the Power, Public Enemy 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Fight the Power, Public Enemy

Fire and Rain, James Taylor 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Fire and Rain, James Taylor

Flash Light, Parliament 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Flash Light, Parliament

Folsom Prison Blues, Johnny Cash 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Folsom Prison Blues, Johnny Cash

For What It's Worth, Buffalo Springfield 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=For What It's Worth, Buffalo Springfield

For Your Precious Love, Jerry Butler and the Impressions 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=For Your Precious Love, Jerry Butler and the Impressions

Fortunate Son, Creedence Clearwater Revival 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Fortunate Son, Creedence Clearwater Revival

Foxey Lady, Jimi Hendrix 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Foxey Lady, Jimi Hendrix

Free Bird, Lynyrd Skynyrd 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Free Bird, Lynyrd Skynyrd

Free Fallin', Tom Petty 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Free Fallin', Tom Petty

Free Man in Paris, Joni Mitchell 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Free Man in Paris, Joni Mitchell

Fuck tha Police, N.W.A. 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Fuck tha Police, N.W.A.

Georgia on My Mind, Ray Charles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Georgia on My Mind, Ray Charles

Get Up (I Feel Like Being a) Sex Machine, James Brown 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Get Up (I Feel Like Being a) Sex Machine, James Brown

Get Up, Stand Up, Bob Marley and the Wailers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Get Up, Stand Up, Bob Marley and the Wailers

Gimme Shelter, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Gimme Shelter, The Rolling Stones

Gimme Some Lovin', The Spencer Davis Group 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Gimme Some Lovin', The Spencer Davis Group

Gloria, Them 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Gloria, Them

Go Your Own Way, Fleetwood Mac 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Go Your Own Way, Fleetwood Mac

God Only Knows, The Beach Boys 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=God Only Knows, The Beach Boys

God Save the Queen, The Sex Pistols 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=God Save the Queen, The Sex Pistols

Good Golly, Miss Molly, Little Richard 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Good Golly, Miss Molly, Little Richard

Good Lovin', The Young Rascals 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Good Lovin', The Young Rascals

Good Times, Chic 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Good Times, Chic

Good Vibrations, The Beach Boys 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Good Vibrations, The Beach Boys

Goodbye Yellow Brick Road, Elton John 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Goodbye Yellow Brick Road, Elton John

Got My Mojo Working, Muddy Waters 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Got My Mojo Working, Muddy Waters

Graceland, Paul Simon 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Graceland, Paul Simon

Great Balls of Fire, Jerry Lee Lewis 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Great Balls of Fire, Jerry Lee Lewis

Green Onions, Booker T. and the MG's 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Green Onions, Booker T. and the MG's

Hallelujah, Jeff Buckley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Hallelujah, Jeff Buckley

He Stopped Loving Her Today, George Jones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=He Stopped Loving Her Today, George Jones

He's a Rebel, The Crystals 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=He's a Rebel, The Crystals

Heart of Glass, Blondie 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Heart of Glass, Blondie

Heart of Gold, Neil Young 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Heart of Gold, Neil Young

Heartbreak Hotel, Elvis Presley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Heartbreak Hotel, Elvis Presley

Heartbreaker, Led Zeppelin 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Heartbreaker, Led Zeppelin

Help Me, Joni Mitchell 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Help Me, Joni Mitchell

Help!, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Help!, The Beatles

Heroes, David Bowie 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Heroes, David Bowie

Heroin, The Velvet Underground 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Heroin, The Velvet Underground

Hey Joe, Jimi Hendrix 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Hey Joe, Jimi Hendrix

Hey Jude, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Hey Jude, The Beatles

Hey Ya!, Outkast 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Hey Ya!, Outkast

Higher Ground, Stevie Wonder 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Higher Ground, Stevie Wonder

Highway 61 Revisited, Bob Dylan 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Highway 61 Revisited, Bob Dylan

Highway to Hell, ACDC 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Highway to Hell, AC/DC

Hit the Road Jack, Ray Charles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Hit the Road Jack, Ray Charles

Honky Tonk Women, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Honky Tonk Women, The Rolling Stones

Hoochie Coochie Man, Muddy Waters 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Hoochie Coochie Man, Muddy Waters

Hot Fun in the Summertime,Sly and the Family Stone 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Hot Fun in the Summertime,Sly and the Family Stone

Hot Stuff, Donna Summer 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Hot Stuff, Donna Summer

Hotel California, The Eagles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Hotel California, The Eagles

Hound Dog, Elvis Presley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Hound Dog, Elvis Presley

House of the Rising Sun, The Animals 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=House of the Rising Sun, The Animals

How Deep Is Your Love, The Bee Gees 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=How Deep Is Your Love, The Bee Gees

How Soon Is Now, The Smiths 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=How Soon Is Now?, The Smiths

I Believe I Can Fly, R. Kelly 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Believe I Can Fly, R. Kelly

I Can See for Miles, The Who 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Can See for Miles, The Who

I Can't Explain, The Who 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Can't Explain, The Who

I Can't Help Myself, The Four Tops 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Can't Help Myself, The Four Tops

I Can't Make You Love Me, Bonnie Raitt 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Can't Make You Love Me, Bonnie Raitt

I Can't Stop Loving You, Ray Charles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Can't Stop Loving You, Ray Charles

I Fall to Pieces, Patsy Cline 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Fall to Pieces, Patsy Cline

I Feel Love, Donna Summer 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Feel Love, Donna Summer

I Fought the Law, The Bobby Fuller Four 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Fought the Law, The Bobby Fuller Four

I Got a Woman, Ray Charles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Got a Woman, Ray Charles

I Got You (I Feel Good), James Brown 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Got You (I Feel Good), James Brown

I Got You Babe, Sonny and Cher 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Got You Babe, Sonny and Cher

I Heard It Through the Grapevine, Marvin Gaye 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Heard It Through the Grapevine, Marvin Gaye

I Know You Got Soul, Eric B and Rakim 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Know You Got Soul, Eric B and Rakim

I Love Rock 'N Roll, Joan Jett 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Love Rock 'N Roll, Joan Jett

I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You), Aretha Franklin 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You), Aretha Franklin

I Only Have Eyes for You, The Flamingos 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Only Have Eyes for You, The Flamingos

I Put a Spell on You, Screamin' Jay Hawkins 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Put a Spell on You, Screamin' Jay Hawkins

I Saw Her Standing There, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Saw Her Standing There, The Beatles

I Shot the Sheriff, Bob Marley and the Whailers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Shot the Sheriff, Bob Marley and the Whailers

I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For, U2 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For, U2

I Walk the Line, Johnny Cash 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Walk the Line, Johnny Cash

I Wanna Be Sedated, The Ramones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Wanna Be Sedated, The Ramones

I Wanna Be Your Dog, The Stooges 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Wanna Be Your Dog, The Stooges

I Want to Hold Your Hand, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Want to Hold Your Hand, The Beatles

I Want to Know What Love Is,Foreigner 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Want to Know What Love Is,Foreigner

I Want You Back,The Jackson 5 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Want You Back,The Jackson 5

I Will Survive, Gloria Gaynor 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I Will Survive, Gloria Gaynor

I'll Feel a Whole Lot Better, The Byrds 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I'll Feel a Whole Lot Better, The Byrds

I'll Take You There, The Staple Singers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I'll Take You There, The Staple Singers

I'm A Man, Bo Diddley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I'm A Man, Bo Diddley

I'm Eighteen, Alice Cooper 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I'm Eighteen, Alice Cooper

I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry, Hank Williams 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry, Hank Williams

I'm Waiting for the Man, The Velvet Underground 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I'm Waiting for the Man, The Velvet Underground

I've Been Loving You Too Long (to Stop Now), Otis Redding 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=I've Been Loving You Too Long (to Stop Now), Otis Redding

Imagine, John Lennon 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Imagine, John Lennon

In Bloom, Nirvana 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=In Bloom, Nirvana

In Dreams, Roy Orbison 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=In Dreams, Roy Orbison

In My Life, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=In My Life, The Beatles

In My Room, The Beach Boys 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=In My Room, The Beach Boys

In the Midnight Hour, Wilson Pickett 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=In the Midnight Hour, Wilson Pickett

In the Still of the Nite, The Five Satins 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=In the Still of the Nite, The Five Satins

Into the Mystic, Van Morrison 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Into the Mystic, Van Morrison

Iron Man, Black Sabbath 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Iron Man, Black Sabbath

It's a Man's Man's Man's World, James Brown 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=It's a Man's Man's Man's World, James Brown

It's Too Late, Carole King 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=It's Too Late, Carole King

It's Your Thing, The Isley Brothers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=It's Your Thing, The Isley Brothers

Jailhouse Rock, Elvis Presley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Jailhouse Rock, Elvis Presley

Jim Dandy, Lavern Baker 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Jim Dandy, Lavern Baker

Johnny B. Goode, Chuck Berry 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Johnny B. Goode, Chuck Berry

Jolene, Dolly Parton 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Jolene, Dolly Parton

Jumpin' Jack Flash, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Jumpin' Jack Flash, The Rolling Stones

Just Like a Woman, Bob Dylan 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Just Like a Woman, Bob Dylan

Just Like Heaven, The Cure 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Just Like Heaven, The Cure

Just My Imagination, The Temptations 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Just My Imagination, The Temptations

Kashmir, Led Zeppelin 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Kashmir, Led Zeppelin

Keep a Knockin', Little Richard 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Keep a Knockin', Little Richard

Kicks, Paul Revere and the Raiders 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Kicks, Paul Revere and the Raiders

Killing Me Softly With His Song, Roberta Flack 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Killing Me Softly With His Song, Roberta Flack

Kiss, Prince 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Kiss, Prince

Knocking on Heaven's Door, Bob Dylan 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Knocking on Heaven's Door, Bob Dylan

La Bamba, Ritchie Valens 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=La Bamba, Ritchie Valens

Lady Marmalade, Labelle 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Lady Marmalade, Labelle

Layla, Derek and the Dominos 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Layla, Derek and the Dominos

Leader of the Pack, The Shangri-Las 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Leader of the Pack, The Shangri-Las

Lean On Me, Bill Withers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Lean On Me, Bill Withers

Let It Be, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Let It Be, The Beatles

Let's Get It On, Marvin Gaye 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Let's Get It On, Marvin Gaye

Let's Stay Together, Al Green 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Let's Stay Together, Al Green

Light My Fire, The Doors 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Light My Fire, The Doors

Like a Prayer, Madonna 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Like a Prayer, Madonna

Like a Rolling Stone, Bob Dylan 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Like a Rolling Stone, Bob Dylan

Little Red Corvette, Prince 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Little Red Corvette, Prince

Little Wing, Jimi Hendrix 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Little Wing, Jimi Hendrix

Living for the City, Stevie Wonder 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Living for the City, Stevie Wonder

Lola, The Kinks 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Lola, The Kinks

London Calling, The Clash 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=London Calling, The Clash

Lonely Teardrops, Jackie Wilson 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Lonely Teardrops, Jackie Wilson

Long Tall Sally, Little Richard 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Long Tall Sally, Little Richard

Lose Yourself , Eminem 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Lose Yourself , Eminem

Loser, Beck 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Loser, Beck

Losing My Religion, R.E.M. 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Losing My Religion, R.E.M.

Louie Louie, The Kingsmen 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Louie Louie, The Kingsmen

Love and Happiness, Al Green 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Love and Happiness, Al Green

Love Me Tender, Elvis Presley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Love Me Tender, Elvis Presley

Love Shack, The B-52's 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Love Shack, The B-52's

Love Will Tear Us Apart, Joy Division 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Love Will Tear Us Apart, Joy Division

Lust for Life, Iggy Pop 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Lust for Life, Iggy Pop

Mack the Knife, Bobby Darin 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Mack the Knife, Bobby Darin

Maggie May, Rod Stewart 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Maggie May, Rod Stewart

Mannish Boy, Muddy Waters 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Mannish Boy, Muddy Waters

Many Rivers to Cross, Jimmy Cliff 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Many Rivers to Cross, Jimmy Cliff

Marquee Moon, Television 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Marquee Moon, Television

Maybe I'm Amazed, Paul McCartney 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Maybe I'm Amazed, Paul McCartney

Maybe, The Chantels 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Maybe, The Chantels

Maybellene, Chuck Berry 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Maybellene, Chuck Berry

Me and Bobby McGee, Janis Joplin 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Me and Bobby McGee, Janis Joplin

Midnight Train to Georgia, Gladys Knight and the Pips 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Midnight Train to Georgia, Gladys Knight and the Pips

Miss You, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Miss You, The Rolling Stones

Money (That's What I Want), Barrett Strong 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Money (That's What I Want), Barrett Strong

Money Honey, The Drifters 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Money Honey, The Drifters

Monkey Gone to Heaven, Pixies 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Monkey Gone to Heaven, Pixies

Moondance, Van Morrison 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Moondance, Van Morrison

More Than a Feeling, Boston 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=More Than a Feeling, Boston

Mr. Tambourine Man, Bob Dylan 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Mr. Tambourine Man, Bob Dylan

Mr. Tambourine Man, The Byrds 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Mr. Tambourine Man, The Byrds

Mustang Sally, Wilson Pickett 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Mustang Sally, Wilson Pickett

My Generation, The Who 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=My Generation, The Who

My Girl, The Temptations 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=My Girl, The Temptations

My Sweet Lord, George Harrison 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=My Sweet Lord, George Harrison

Mystery Train, Elvis Presley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Mystery Train, Elvis Presley

New Year's Day, U2 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=New Year's Day, U2

No Woman, No Cry, Bob Marley and the Wailers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=No Woman, No Cry, Bob Marley and the Wailers

Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown), The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown), The Beatles

Not Fade Away, Buddy Holly and the Crickets 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Not Fade Away, Buddy Holly and the Crickets

Nothing Compares 2 U, Sinead O'Connor 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Nothing Compares 2 U, Sinead O'Connor

Nowhere to Run, Martha and the Vandellas 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Nowhere to Run, Martha and the Vandellas

Nuthin' But a 'G' Thang, Dr. Dre 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Nuthin' But a 'G' Thang, Dr. Dre

O-o-h Child, The Five Stairsteps 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=O-o-h Child, The Five Stairsteps

Ode to Billie Joe, Bobbie Gentry 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ode to Billie Joe, Bobbie Gentry

Oh, Pretty Woman, Roy Orbison 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Oh, Pretty Woman, Roy Orbison

Oh, What a Night, The Dells 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Oh, What a Night, The Dells

Ohio, Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ohio, Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young

On the Road Again, Willie Nelson 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=On the Road Again, Willie Nelson

One Fine Day, The Chiffons 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=One Fine Day, The Chiffons

One Nation Under a Groove, Funkadelic 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=One Nation Under a Groove, Funkadelic

One Way or Another, Blondie 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=One Way or Another, Blondie

One, U2 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=One, U2

Only the Lonely, Roy Orbison 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Only the Lonely, Roy Orbison

Ooo Baby Baby, Smokey Robinson 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ooo Baby Baby, Smokey Robinson

Paint It, Black, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Paint It, Black, The Rolling Stones

Papa Was a Rollin' Stone, The Temptations 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Papa Was a Rollin' Stone, The Temptations

Papa's Got a Brand New Bag, James Brown 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Papa's Got a Brand New Bag, James Brown

Paradise City, Guns n' Roses 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Paradise City, Guns n' Roses

Paranoid Android, Radiohead 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Paranoid Android, Radiohead

Paranoid, Black Sabbath 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Paranoid, Black Sabbath

Peggy Sue, Buddy Holly 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Peggy Sue, Buddy Holly

Penny Lane, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Penny Lane, The Beatles

People Get Ready, The Impressions 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=People Get Ready, The Impressions

Personal Jesus, Depeche Mode 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Personal Jesus, Depeche Mode

Personality Crisis, New York Dolls 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Personality Crisis, New York Dolls

Piano Man, Billy Joel 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Piano Man, Billy Joel

Pictures of You, The Cure 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pictures of You, The Cure

Piece of My Heart, Big Brother and the Holding Company 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Piece of My Heart, Big Brother and the Holding Company

Pink Houses, John Cougar Mellencamp 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pink Houses, John Cougar Mellencamp

Planet Rock, Afrika Bambaataa and the Soul Sonic Force 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Planet Rock, Afrika Bambaataa and the Soul Sonic Force

Please Please Me, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Please Please Me, The Beatles

Please, Please, Please, James Brown 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Please, Please, Please, James Brown

Positively 4th Street, Bob Dylan 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Positively 4th Street, Bob Dylan

Pressure Drop, Toot and the Maytals 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pressure Drop, Toot and the Maytals

Pride (In The Name of Love), U2 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Pride (In The Name of Love), U2

Proud Mary, Creedence Clearwater Revival 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Proud Mary, Creedence Clearwater Revival

Purple Haze, Jimi Hendrix 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Purple Haze, Jimi Hendrix

Purple Rain, Prince 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Purple Rain, Prince

Push It, Salt-n-Pepa 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Push It, Salt-n-Pepa

Radio Free Europe, R.E.M. 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Radio Free Europe, R.E.M.

Rain, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rain, The Beatles

Rainy Night in Georgia, Brook Benton 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rainy Night in Georgia, Brook Benton

Ramble On, Led Zeppelin 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ramble On, Led Zeppelin

Rappers Delight, The Sugarhill Gang 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rappers Delight, The Sugarhill Gang

Rave On, Buddy Holly and the Crickets 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rave On, Buddy Holly and the Crickets

Reach Out, I'll Be There, The Four Tops 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Reach Out, I'll Be There, The Four Tops

Redemption Song, Bob Marley and the Wailers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Redemption Song, Bob Marley and the Wailers

Remember (Walkin' in the Sand), The Shangri-Las 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Remember (Walkin' in the Sand), The Shangri-Las

Respect Yourself, The Staple Singers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Respect Yourself, The Staple Singers

Respect, Aretha Franklin 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Respect, Aretha Franklin

Rhiannon (Will You Ever Win), Fleetwood Mac 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rhiannon (Will You Ever Win), Fleetwood Mac

Ring of Fire, Johnny Cash 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ring of Fire, Johnny Cash

River Deep - Mountain High, Ike and Tina Turner 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=River Deep - Mountain High, Ike and Tina Turner

Roadrunner, The Modern Lovers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Roadrunner, The Modern Lovers

Rock & Roll Music, Chuck Berry 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rock & Roll Music, Chuck Berry

Rock Lobster, The B-52's 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rock Lobster, The B-52's

Rocket Man, Elton John 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rocket Man, Elton John

Rockin' in the Free World, Neil Young 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rockin' in the Free World, Neil Young

Roll Over Beethoven, Chuck Berry 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Roll Over Beethoven, Chuck Berry

Rollin' Stone, Muddy Waters 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rollin' Stone, Muddy Waters

Roxanne, The Police 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Roxanne, The Police

Ruby Tuesday, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ruby Tuesday, The Rolling Stones

Runaround Sue, Dion 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Runaround Sue, Dion

Runaway, Del Shannon 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Runaway, Del Shannon

Running on Empty, Jackson Browne 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Running on Empty, Jackson Browne

Sabotage, Beastie Boys 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sabotage, Beastie Boys

Sail Away, Randy Newman 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sail Away, Randy Newman

Satisfaction, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Satisfaction, The Rolling Stones

Save the Last Dance for Me, The Drifters 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Save the Last Dance for Me, The Drifters

Say It Loud -- I'm Black and Proud, James Brown 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Say It Loud -- I'm Black and Proud, James Brown

School's Out, Alice Cooper 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=School's Out, Alice Cooper

Search and Destroy, The Stooges 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Search and Destroy, The Stooges

September Gurls, Big Star 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=September Gurls, Big Star

Sexual Healing, Marvin Gaye 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sexual Healing, Marvin Gaye

Sh-Boom, The Chords 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sh-Boom, The Chords

Shake, Rattle & Roll, Big Joe Turner 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Shake, Rattle & Roll, Big Joe Turner

She Loves You, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=She Loves You, The Beatles

She's Not There, The Zombies 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=She's Not There, The Zombies

Sheena Is a Punk Rocker, Ramones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sheena Is a Punk Rocker, Ramones

Shop Around, Smokey Robinson and the Miracles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Shop Around, Smokey Robinson and the Miracles

Should I Stay or Should I Go, The Clash 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Should I Stay or Should I Go, The Clash

Shout (Parts 1 and 2)], The Isley Brothers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Shout (Parts 1 and 2)], The Isley Brothers

Sign 'O' the Times, Prince 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sign 'O' the Times, Prince

Sittin on) the Dock of the Bay, Otis Redding 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sittin on) the Dock of the Bay, Otis Redding

Sloop John B, The Beach Boys 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sloop John B, The Beach Boys

Smells Like Teen Spirit, Nirvana 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Smells Like Teen Spirit, Nirvana

Smoke on the Water, Deep Purple 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Smoke on the Water, Deep Purple

Smoke Stack Lightning, Howlin' Wolf 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Smoke Stack Lightning, Howlin' Wolf

Somebody to Love, Jefferson Airplane 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Somebody to Love, Jefferson Airplane

Something, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Something, The Beatles

Son of a Preacher Man, Dusty Springfield 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Son of a Preacher Man, Dusty Springfield

Soul Man, Sam and Dave 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Soul Man, Sam and Dave

Spanish Harlem, Ben E. King 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Spanish Harlem, Ben E. King

Spirit in the Sky, Norman Greenbaum 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Spirit in the Sky, Norman Greenbaum

Spoonful, Howlin' Wolf 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Spoonful, Howlin' Wolf

Stagger Lee, Lloyd Price 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Stagger Lee, Lloyd Price

Stairway To Heaven, Led Zeppelin 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Stairway To Heaven, Led Zeppelin

Stan, Eminem featuring Dido 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Stan, Eminem featuring Dido

Stand By Me, Ben E. King 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Stand By Me, Ben E. King

Stand!, Sly and the Family Stone 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Stand!, Sly and the Family Stone

Standing in the Shadows of Love, The Four Tops 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Standing in the Shadows of Love, The Four Tops

Stayin' Alive, The Bee Gees 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Stayin' Alive, The Bee Gees

Strawberry Fields Forever,The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Strawberry Fields Forever,The Beatles

Street Fighting Man, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Street Fighting Man, The Rolling Stones

Subterranean Homesick Blues, Bob Dylan 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Subterranean Homesick Blues, Bob Dylan

Suite Judy Blue Eyes, Crosby, Stills and Nash 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Suite: Judy Blue Eyes, Crosby, Stills and Nash

Summer Babe, Pavement 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Summer Babe, Pavement

Summer in the City, The Lovin' Spoonful 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Summer in the City, The Lovin' Spoonful

Summertime Blues, Eddie Cochran 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Summertime Blues, Eddie Cochran

Sunday Bloody Sunday, U2 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sunday Bloody Sunday, U2

Sunshine of Your Love, Cream 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sunshine of Your Love, Cream

Super Freak, Rick James 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Super Freak, Rick James

Superstition, Stevie Wonder 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Superstition, Stevie Wonder

Surrender, Cheap Trick 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Surrender, Cheap Trick

Suspicious Minds, Elvis Presley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Suspicious Minds, Elvis Presley

Sweet Child O' Mine, Guns N' Roses 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sweet Child O' Mine, Guns N' Roses

Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This), Eurythmics 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This), Eurythmics

Sweet Emotion, Aerosmith 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sweet Emotion, Aerosmith

Sweet Home Alabama, Lynyrd Skynyrd 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sweet Home Alabama, Lynyrd Skynyrd

Sweet Jane, The Velvet Underground 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sweet Jane, The Velvet Underground

Sweet Little Sixteen, Chuck Berry 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sweet Little Sixteen, Chuck Berry

Sympathy for the Devil, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Sympathy for the Devil, The Rolling Stones

Take Me to the River , Al Green 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Take Me to the River , Al Green

Tangled Up in Blue, Bob Dylan 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Tangled Up in Blue, Bob Dylan

Tears in Heaven, Eric Clapton 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Tears in Heaven, Eric Clapton

Tell It Like It Is, Aaron Neville 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Tell It Like It Is, Aaron Neville

Thank You (Falettinme Be Mice Elf Agin), Sly & the Family Stone 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Thank You (Falettinme Be Mice Elf Agin), Sly & the Family Stone

That Lady (Part 1 and 2), The Isley Brothers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=That Lady (Part 1 and 2), The Isley Brothers

That'll Be the Day, Buddy Holly and the Crickets 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=That'll Be the Day, Buddy Holly and the Crickets

That's All Right, Elvis Presley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=That's All Right, Elvis Presley

That's Entertainment, The Jam 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=That's Entertainment, The Jam

That's the Way of the World, Earth, Wind and Fire 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=That's the Way of the World, Earth, Wind and Fire

The Boxer, Simon and Garfunkel 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Boxer, Simon and Garfunkel

The Boys Are Back in Town, Thin Lizzy 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Boys Are Back in Town, Thin Lizzy

The Boys of Summer, Don Henley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Boys of Summer, Don Henley

The End, The Doors 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The End, The Doors

The Girl Can't Help It, Little Richard 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Girl Can't Help It, Little Richard

The Great Pretender, The Platters 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Great Pretender, The Platters

The Harder They Come, Jimmy Cliff 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Harder They Come, Jimmy Cliff

The Letter, The Box Tops 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Letter, The Box Tops

The Locomotion, Little Eva 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Locomotion, Little Eva

The Message, Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Message, Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five

The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down, The Band 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down, The Band

The Sounds of Silence, Simon and Garfunkel 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Sounds of Silence, Simon and Garfunkel

The Thrill Is Gone, B.B. King 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Thrill Is Gone, B.B. King

The Times They Are A-Changin', Bob Dylan 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Times They Are A-Changin', Bob Dylan

The Tracks of My Tears, Smokey Robinson and the Miracles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Tracks of My Tears, Smokey Robinson and the Miracles

The Twist, Chubby Checker 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Twist, Chubby Checker

The Wanderer, Dion 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Wanderer, Dion

The Weight, The Band 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Weight, The Band

The Wind Cries Mary, Jimi Hendrix 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The Wind Cries Mary, Jimi Hendrix

Then He Kissed Me, The Crystals 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Then He Kissed Me, The Crystals

There Goes My Baby, The Drifters 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=There Goes My Baby, The Drifters

Thirteen, Big Star 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Thirteen, Big Star

Thunder Road, Bruce Springsteen 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Thunder Road, Bruce Springsteen

Ticket to Ride, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ticket to Ride, The Beatles

Tighten Up, Archie Bell and the Drells 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Tighten Up, Archie Bell and the Drells

Tiny Dancer, Elton John 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Tiny Dancer, Elton John

Tired of Being Alone, Al Green 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Tired of Being Alone, Al Green

Tonight's the Night, The Shirelles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Tonight's the Night, The Shirelles

Train in Vain, The Clash 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Train in Vain, The Clash

Try a Little Tenderness, Otis Redding 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Try a Little Tenderness, Otis Redding

Tumbling Dice, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Tumbling Dice, The Rolling Stones

Tutti-Frutti, Little Richard 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Tutti-Frutti, Little Richard

Unchained Melody, The Righteous Brothers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Unchained Melody, The Righteous Brothers

Under the Boardwalk, The Drifters 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Under the Boardwalk, The Drifters

Up on the Roof, The Drifters 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Up on the Roof, The Drifters

Visions of Johanna, Bob Dylan 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Visions of Johanna, Bob Dylan

Voodoo Child (Slight Return), Jimi Hendrix 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Voodoo Child (Slight Return), Jimi Hendrix

Wake Up Little Susie, The Everly Brothers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Wake Up Little Susie, The Everly Brothers

Walk Away Renee, The Left Banke 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Walk Away Renee, The Left Banke

Walk On By, Dionne Warwick 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Walk On By, Dionne Warwick

Walk on the Wild Side, Lou Reed 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Walk on the Wild Side, Lou Reed

Walk This Way, Aerosmith 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Walk This Way, Aerosmith

Walk This Way, Run-DMC 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Walk This Way, Run-DMC

Walking in the Rain, The Ronettes 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Walking in the Rain, The Ronettes

Watching the Detectives, Elvis Costello 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Watching the Detectives, Elvis Costello

Waterloo Sunset, The Kinks 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Waterloo Sunset, The Kinks

We Gotta Get Out of This Place, The Animals 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=We Gotta Get Out of This Place, The Animals

We Will Rock You, Queen 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=We Will Rock You, Queen

We're Gonna) Rock Around the Clock, Bill Haley and His Comets 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=We're Gonna) Rock Around the Clock, Bill Haley and His Comets

We've Only Just Begun, The Carpenters 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=We've Only Just Begun, The Carpenters

Welcome to the Jungle, Guns n' Roses 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Welcome to the Jungle, Guns n' Roses

What'd I Say, Ray Charles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=What'd I Say, Ray Charles

What's Going On, Marvin Gaye 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=What's Going On, Marvin Gaye

What's Love Got To Do With It, Tina Turner 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=What's Love Got To Do With It, Tina Turner

What's So Funny 'Bout) Peace Love and Understanding, Elvis Costello and the Attractions 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=What's So Funny 'Bout) Peace Love and Understanding?, Elvis Costello and the Attractions

When a Man Loves a Woman, Percy Sledge 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=When a Man Loves a Woman, Percy Sledge

When Doves Cry, Prince 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=When Doves Cry, Prince

Where Did Our Love Go, The Supremes 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Where Did Our Love Go, The Supremes

While My Guitar Gently Weeps, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=While My Guitar Gently Weeps, The Beatles

Whipping Post, The Allman Brothers Band 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Whipping Post, The Allman Brothers Band

White Man in Hammersmith Palais, The Clash 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=White Man in Hammersmith Palais, The Clash

White Rabbit, Jefferson Airplane 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=White Rabbit, Jefferson Airplane

White Room, Cream 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=White Room, Cream

Whiter Shade of Pale, Procol Harum 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Whiter Shade of Pale, Procol Harum

Who Do You Love, Bo Diddley 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Who Do You Love, Bo Diddley

Who'll Stop the Rain,Creedence Clearwater Revival 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Who'll Stop the Rain,Creedence Clearwater Revival

Whole Lotta Love, Led Zeppelin 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Whole Lotta Love, Led Zeppelin

Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin On, Jerry Lee Lewis 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Whole Lotta Shakin' Goin On, Jerry Lee Lewis

Why Do Fools Fall In Love, Frankie Lymon and the Teenagers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Why Do Fools Fall In Love, Frankie Lymon and the Teenagers

Wichita Lineman, Glen Campbell 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Wichita Lineman, Glen Campbell

Wild Horses, The Rolling Stones 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Wild Horses, The Rolling Stones

Wild Thing, The Troggs 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Wild Thing, The Troggs

Will You Love Me Tomorrow, The Shirelles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Will You Love Me Tomorrow, The Shirelles

William, It Was Really Nothing, The Smiths 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=William, It Was Really Nothing, The Smiths

Wish You Were Here, Pink Floyd 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Wish You Were Here, Pink Floyd

With a Little Help From My Friends, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=With a Little Help From My Friends, The Beatles

With or Without You, U2 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=With or Without You, U2

Won't Get Fooled Again, The Who 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Won't Get Fooled Again, The Who

Wonderful World, Sam Cooke 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Wonderful World, Sam Cooke

Yesterday, The Beatles 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Yesterday, The Beatles

You Are the Sunshine of My Life, Stevie Wonder 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=You Are the Sunshine of My Life, Stevie Wonder

You Don't Have to Say You Love Me, Dusty Springfield 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=You Don't Have to Say You Love Me, Dusty Springfield

You Keep Me Hanging On, The Supremes 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=You Keep Me Hanging On, The Supremes

You Really Got Me, The Kinks 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=You Really Got Me, The Kinks

You Send Me, Sam Cooke 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=You Send Me, Sam Cooke

You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin', The Righteous Brothers 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin', The Righteous Brothers

Young Americans, David Bowie 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Young Americans, David Bowie

Young Blood, The Coasters 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Young Blood, The Coasters

Your Cheatin' Heart, Hank Williams 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Your Cheatin' Heart, Hank Williams

Your Love Keeps Lifting Me) Higher and Higher, Jackie Wilson 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Your Love Keeps Lifting Me) Higher and Higher, Jackie Wilson

Your Song, Elton John 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Your Song, Elton John

Ziggy Stardust, David Bowie 
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Ziggy Stardust, David Bowie
Rolling Stones Top 500 Songs