
1.  Vagn Holmboe
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vagn_Holmboe/Vagn_Holmboe.txt

2.  Vahram Sargsyan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vahram_Sargsyan/Vahram_Sargsyan.txt

3.  Valborg Aulin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Valborg_Aulin/Valborg_Aulin.txt

4.  Valentin Rathgeber
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Valentin_Rathgeber/Valentin_Rathgeber.txt

5.  Valentin Silvestrov
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Valentin_Silvestrov/Valentin_Silvestrov.txt

6.  Valentino Fioravanti
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Valentino_Fioravanti/Valentino_Fioravanti.txt

7.  Valerie Coleman
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Valerie_Coleman/Valerie_Coleman.txt

8.  Vasif Adigozalov
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vasif_Adigozalov/Vasif_Adigozalov.txt

9.  Vasily Kalinnikov
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vasily_Kalinnikov/Vasily_Kalinnikov.txt

10.  Vasily Pashkevich
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vasily_Pashkevich/Vasily_Pashkevich.txt

11.  Vatroslav Lisinski
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vatroslav_Lisinski/Vatroslav_Lisinski.txt

12.  Veli-Matti Puumala
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Veli-Matti_Puumala/Veli-Matti_Puumala.txt

13.  Veniamin Basner
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Veniamin_Basner/Veniamin_Basner.txt

14.  Vera Baeva
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vera_Baeva/Vera_Baeva.txt

15.  Vernon Duke
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vernon_Duke/Vernon_Duke.txt

16.  Vic Legley
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vic_Legley/Vic_Legley.txt

17.  Vicente Asencio
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vicente_Asencio/Vicente_Asencio.txt

18.  Vicente Greco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vicente_Greco/Vicente_Greco.txt

19.  Vicente Lusitano
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vicente_Lusitano/Vicente_Lusitano.txt

20.  Vicente Martin y Soler
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vicente_Martin_y_Soler/Vicente_Martin_y_Soler.txt

21.  Victor Bendix
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victor_Bendix/Victor_Bendix.txt

22.  Victor Bruns
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victor_Bruns/Victor_Bruns.txt

23.  Victor De Sabata
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victor_De_Sabata/Victor_De_Sabata.txt

24.  Victor Dourlen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victor_Dourlen/Victor_Dourlen.txt

25.  Victor Ewald
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victor_Ewald/Victor_Ewald.txt

26.  Victor Harris
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victor_Harris/Victor_Harris.txt

27.  Victor Hely-Hutchinson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victor_Hely-Hutchinson/Victor_Hely-Hutchinson.txt

28.  Victor Herbert
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victor_Herbert/Victor_Herbert.txt

29.  Victor Jacobi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victor_Jacobi/Victor_Jacobi.txt

30.  Victor Massé
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victor_Massé/Victor_Massé.txt

31.  Victoria Bond
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victoria_Bond/Victoria_Bond.txt

32.  Victoria Jordanova
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victoria_Jordanova/Victoria_Jordanova.txt

33.  Victoria Wood
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Victoria_Wood/Victoria_Wood.txt

34.  Viktor Kosenko
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Viktor_Kosenko/Viktor_Kosenko.txt

35.  Viktor Nessler
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Viktor_Nessler/Viktor_Nessler.txt

36.  Viktor Ullmann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Viktor_Ullmann/Viktor_Ullmann.txt

37.  Vilma von Webenau
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vilma_von_Webenau/Vilma_von_Webenau.txt

38.  Vilém Blodek
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vilém_Blodek/Vilém_Blodek.txt

39.  Vincent d'Indy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincent_d'Indy/Vincent_d'Indy.txt

40.  Vincent Lübeck
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincent_Lübeck/Vincent_Lübeck.txt

41.  Vincent Novello
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincent_Novello/Vincent_Novello.txt

42.  Vincent Persichetti
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincent_Persichetti/Vincent_Persichetti.txt

43.  Vincenzo Bellavere
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincenzo_Bellavere/Vincenzo_Bellavere.txt

44.  Vincenzo Bellini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincenzo_Bellini/Vincenzo_Bellini.txt

45.  Vincenzo Capirola
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincenzo_Capirola/Vincenzo_Capirola.txt

46.  Vincenzo da Rimini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincenzo_da_Rimini/Vincenzo_da_Rimini.txt

47.  Vincenzo Galilei
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincenzo_Galilei/Vincenzo_Galilei.txt

48.  Vincenzo Righini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincenzo_Righini/Vincenzo_Righini.txt

49.  Vincenzo Ruffo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincenzo_Ruffo/Vincenzo_Ruffo.txt

50.  Vincenzo Ugolini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincenzo_Ugolini/Vincenzo_Ugolini.txt

51.  Vincenzo Valente
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vincenzo_Valente/Vincenzo_Valente.txt

52.  Vinko Globokar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vinko_Globokar/Vinko_Globokar.txt

53.  Violet Archer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Violet_Archer/Violet_Archer.txt

54.  Violeta Dinescu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Violeta_Dinescu/Violeta_Dinescu.txt

55.  Virgil Thomson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Virgil_Thomson/Virgil_Thomson.txt

56.  Virgilio Mazzocchi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Virgilio_Mazzocchi/Virgilio_Mazzocchi.txt

57.  Vishal Bhardwaj
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vishal_Bhardwaj/Vishal_Bhardwaj.txt

58.  Vissarion Shebalin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vissarion_Shebalin/Vissarion_Shebalin.txt

59.  Vittoria Aleotti
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vittoria_Aleotti/Vittoria_Aleotti.txt

60.  Vittorio Giannini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vittorio_Giannini/Vittorio_Giannini.txt

61.  Vittorio Monti
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vittorio_Monti/Vittorio_Monti.txt

62.  Vittorio Rieti
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vittorio_Rieti/Vittorio_Rieti.txt

63.  Vivian Fine
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vivian_Fine/Vivian_Fine.txt

64.  Vladimir Martynov
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vladimir_Martynov/Vladimir_Martynov.txt

65.  Vladimir Shainsky
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vladimir_Shainsky/Vladimir_Shainsky.txt

66.  Vladimir Tarnopolsky
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vladimir_Tarnopolsky/Vladimir_Tarnopolsky.txt

67.  Vladimír Hirsch
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vladimír_Hirsch/Vladimír_Hirsch.txt

68.  Volker David Kirchner
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Volker_David_Kirchner/Volker_David_Kirchner.txt

69.  Volodymyr Ivasiuk
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Volodymyr_Ivasiuk/Volodymyr_Ivasiuk.txt

70.  Vyacheslav Artyomov
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vyacheslav_Artyomov/Vyacheslav_Artyomov.txt

71.  Vytautas Barkauskas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vytautas_Barkauskas/Vytautas_Barkauskas.txt

72.  Václav Jan Kopriva
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Václav_Jan_Kopriva/Václav_Jan_Kopriva.txt

73.  Václav Jindrich Veit
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Václav_Jindrich_Veit/Václav_Jindrich_Veit.txt

74.  Václav Tomáek
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Václav_Tomáek/Václav_Tomáek.txt

75.  Víctor Varela
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Víctor_Varela/Víctor_Varela.txt

76.  Vítezslav Novák
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vítezslav_Novák/Vítezslav_Novák.txt

77.  Vítezslava Kaprálová
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/V/Vítezslava_Kaprálová/Vítezslava_Kaprálová.txt
V