
1.  BIRTHDAY'S ARE NOT FUN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgy3zDcZz5U

2.  COOKING A 3 COURSE MEAL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRvWMJiJddU

3.  COOKING A HEALTHY DINNER i'm an adult now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdWDtwib3jE

4.  COOKING WITH EMMA IS BACK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xym3ucTo6Vc

5.  COOKING WITH ME (i swear it will be fun).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrPo3JbBQc4

6.  EMMA'S LEGENDARY COFFEE RECIPE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22eIG1wpe_c

7.  funfetti is extremely fun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MltuW2kcREI

8.  HOW TO MAKE MEDIOCRE VEGAN COOKIES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHtVI1yBNlg

9.  I CAN'T COOK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3shf6mS_h6M

10.  i made brownies because i had a bad day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEDgI4dIrc4

11.  I MADE MYSELF DINNER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDmIbyEJ3-c

12.  LET'S MAKE SOME COFFEE CAKE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbJiJ-X0J6U

13.  MAKING A MIDNIGHT SNACK help.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ulpkaGLGDI

14.  MAKING PB&J FROM SCRATCH.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bp2cN6UDwF4

15.  MAYBE I CAN COOK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oLWt06YT4E

16.  MY BIRTHDAY IS RUINED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snEVjuH8g6g

17.  MY COFFEE RECIPE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQib8LJYPBk

18.  THAT'S A HUGE COOKIE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLbhEKWMjtg

19.  TRYING VIRAL COFFEE RECIPES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=me2ydJ84BlY

20.  vegan pizza SUCKS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nX8f2UKqS74

21.  you HAVE to make these cookies! very tasty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4_Tco44sYY
COOKING WITH EMMA!