
1.  A Horse With No Name - America (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpSdePGgVyQ&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

2.  A Taste of Honey Boogie Oogie Oogie Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AH3e6CoSLl8&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

3.  Abba - Honey Honey (Original Footage Karaoke Video).mpg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsMVYsFpqjQ&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

4.  ABBA - Waterloo (Karaoke Original Footage Video)(6th April 1974).mpg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prj4jW7pWaM&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

5.  abba dancing queen (karaoke).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iM04P_-xoHg&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

6.  Afternoon Delight w Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ws0VfqkhFc&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

7.  Al Green - Let's Stay Together (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNWqSez_6VA&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

8.  AMERICA - I NEED YOU [w lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwdcZ_zWRt4&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

9.  America- Tin Man (w lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uJL8er_tV0&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

10.  Amy Winehouse Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow Lyrcs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKWlUdH1_MI&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

11.  Andy Gibb - I Just Want To Be Your Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIGC6f5bZ8w&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

12.  Anita Ward - Ring My Bell 1979 with Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIFUC2ISCoc&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

13.  Anita Ward - Ring My Bell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPYese-Hl8M&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

14.  Baby come back - Player [SubtituladoLyrics] HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TKJmJLqguw&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

15.  BAND ON THE RUN LYRICS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qoqz1Wswjg&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

16.  Bee Gees - Tragedy (Original Footage) - Karaoke.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TID8QriVXw&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

17.  Bobby Darin - Mack the Knife (Lyrics On-Screen and in Description).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8iPUK0AGRo&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

18.  California Dreamin-The Mamas & The Papas(subtitulado en ingles y español)[with lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N43mbd4qaHc&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

19.  California Dreaming - The Mamas & The Papas - Karaoke - Original Footage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfqxkoLy16U&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

20.  Can't take my eyes off of you - Boys town gang - Subtitulado al Español  Lyrics [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwJOmGdjFQw&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

21.  Candi Staton - Young hearts run free with Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q2tHOWMFv0&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

22.  Carly Simon You're So Vain Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-4I3W_GZy4&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

23.  Carpenters - For All We Know.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kH-xF1A9PS0&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

24.  Chic- Good Times (With Lyrics) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWFWgYb6jgU&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

25.  Chicago If You Leave Me Now Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1pCNnEv7nk&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

26.  Christie Yellow river lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7nwBVPqKLA&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

27.  Cliff Richard - We Don't Talk Anymore [ Lyrics on video...HQ sound ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pulwa9s7Q_4&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

28.  Couldn't get it right.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CS5UwlZv4jI&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

29.  Detroit Spinners - Working My Way Back To You - Forgive Me Girl Lyrics-HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKUw3KY5BWY&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

30.  disco   leo sayer   you make me feel like dancing original footage karaoke video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HktCH5Lw_4&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

31.  Dolly Parton & Kenny Rogers - Islands in the Stream LYRICS ON SCREEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eI5EQUz1gCg&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

32.  donna summer   mcarthur park karaoke original footage video 1983.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_Qg9j2buZQ&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

33.  Donna Summer - Hot Stuff (Original Footage Karaoke Video).mpg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xm21o6Cztj4&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

34.  Donna Summer Last Dance Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xmfFdY1Rtg&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

35.  Dr. Hook - Sharing The Night Together (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_638uyUttec&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

36.  Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) - Telephone Line + Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdF8iqtrZr0&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

37.  Elton John - Bennie and the Jets with lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjUk3Bp16zs&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

38.  Emotion ~ Samantha Sang & Bee Gees (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16Qr3AxLDK4&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

39.  eric clapton - tears in heaven (original footage karaoke video unplugged).mpg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LbcYRGYQa4&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

40.  Eruption One way ticket to the blues lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ad7u0-jfPKI&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

41.  Escape (The pina colada song) - Rupert Holmes [Subtitlada & Lyrics] HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLom-87AmO8&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

42.  Foreigner - Waiting for a Girl Like You [Lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wln6NX0V4AQ&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

43.  Georgy Porgy - Toto (LyricsSubtitulado Español) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2V9U4WgyJJw&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

44.  Going Back To My Roots - Odyssey  Karaoke Version  KaraFun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UTWBVvum74&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

45.  Got To Be Real - Cheryl Lynn - WITH LYRICS ON SCREEN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt04WOKY4eM&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

46.  Have You Seen Her - The Chi Lites (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91ZcQflBbNo&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

47.  Heaven Knows - Donna Summer & Brooklyn Dreams (SubtituladoLyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArhY3wZOwSM&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

48.  Heaven Must Be Missing An Angel - Tavares [Subtitulado & Lyrics HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Tk9yBxj4xw&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

49.  How Deep Is Your Love - Bee Gees - Subtitulado Español  Inglés.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsbPzF0cXJY&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

50.  How do you do - Mouth and MacNeal with Lyrics Rare Version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ULWNNrE6b8&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

51.  I love to love - Tina Charles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5e1Ti6-DKDk&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

52.  I Say A Little Prayer - Aretha Franklin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OP9bZDAR6U&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

53.  I think I love you by the Partridge Family with lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slSXX7r_9hs&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

54.  I'm not in love - 10cc [Subtitulado & Lyrics HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1o6f6sqU34&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

55.  I've been Waiting for a girl Like You - Foreigner - Subtitulado Español  Inglés.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Wmz_EIrUpo&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

56.  If I Can't Have You - Yvonne Elliman [LyricsSubtitulado Español] HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rP--ebFpEks&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

57.  If You Don't Know Me By Now - Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes (Lyric).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Xjs_BF36X8&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

58.  Ike & Tina Turner - Proud Mary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4e9ja67z5s&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

59.  Imagination - Just an Illusion [Lyrics] HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ea_BFgHQA8k&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

60.  James Taylor You've Got a Friend lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvvJ7MYaK8o&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

61.  John Paul Young - Love Is In The Air (+lyrics) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVswTfCtwYI&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

62.  Karaoke - Moody blues - Nights in white satin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQb2xyjeG9Q&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

63.  Kool & The Gang   CHERISH   Lyrics Video   YouTub.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDA8g72ZCTY&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

64.  Lady Marmalade w lyrics on screen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xi7sJ-YuWIA&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

65.  Last Train To London Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PySOy1CjRk&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

66.  Leo Sayer - You Make Me Feel Like Dancing (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-8-3GObBh0&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

67.  Leonore O'Malley - First Be a Woman  (with Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WT7hlzcj-eY&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

68.  Liberace Bumble Boogie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAh1IMGexH8&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

69.  Linda Ronstadt OOH Baby Baby Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxzD5brugzE&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

70.  Lionel Richie - Three times a lady + lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjfq0Fr85Yg&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

71.  Love Hurts - Nazareth - Karaoke - Original Footage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zvv7s1Jli-s&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

72.  Love me - Bee Gees [LyricsSubtitulado español].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUSd1yFaO5A&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

73.  Love Will Keep Us Together by Captain & Tennille.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6UrAroBHsM&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

74.  Lynn Anderson - Rose Garden (1973) with lirics y subtitulos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwHHCZTvQco&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

75.  Marvin Gaye & Tammi Terrell - Ain't No Mountain High Enough Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Hlhi8AZf6k&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

76.  Marvin Gaye - I Heard It Through The Grapevine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hajBdDM2qdg&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

77.  Maxine Nightingale Right back were we started from lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EnlmNd8kwGM&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

78.  Natalie Cole - This Will Be - subtitulada ingles-español.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUei-1vk51Q&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

79.  Nate King Cole and Natalie Cole Unforgettable Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnPcEQmd9co&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

80.  Neil Diamond - Cracklin' Rosie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhumCu3fzMI&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

81.  Night Fever - Bee Gees - Subtitulado Inglés  Español.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nex7vHVhiQ8&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

82.  Odissey  - Going back to my Roots (High Quality!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qW9-s3ITbU&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

83.  Rock and Roll, Part 1 (1972) Gary Glitter - Lyrics English Y Espanol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLCyhxjl4KU&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

84.  Rock Your Baby - George McCrae - Lyrics Too!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJHyyHn1HME&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

85.  Run To Me Bee Gees Subtitulado HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy-w_lzBlaE&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

86.  seals & crofts   summer breeze karaoke original footage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NO-LuW0_AJY&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

87.  Seals and Crofts - Summer Breeze (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ED6z9He07ks&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

88.  Shocking Blue - Daemon Lover with Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFNog_OioKU&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

89.  Somewhere Over the Rainbow - in the style of Iz   Beginner Ukulele Lesson #5 (1003816).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4j3tF8yI7gg&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

90.  Somewhere Over the Rainbow - in the style of Iz   Beginner Ukulele Lesson #5 (1618205).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4j3tF8yI7gg&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

91.  Somewhere Over the Rainbow - in the style of Iz   Beginner Ukulele Lesson #5 (1773326).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4j3tF8yI7gg&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

92.  Somewhere Over the Rainbow - in the style of Iz   Beginner Ukulele Lesson #5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4j3tF8yI7gg&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

93.  Starland Vocal Band - Afternoon Delight (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMuoQVx1_WQ&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

94.  Starland Vocal Band - Afternoon Delight [w lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHDemPYcVNQ&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

95.  Steely Dan «Do It Again» ( original studio sound version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgYuLsudaJQ&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

96.  Summer Breeze - Seals & Crofts (Lyrics) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdWobrZUyMA&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

97.  Sunny by Bobby Hebb, with lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_y2PvMNrnRU&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

98.  Sweet - Ballroom Blitz Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cN9jTnxv0RU&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

99.  Tavares -- Heaven Must Be Missing An Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmzWzfd2WN0&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

100.  Teri De Sario - Ain't Nothing Gonna Keep Me From You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JY8sx9wiVBk&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

101.  The Bee Gees - How deep is your love ( SUBTITULADA EN ESPAÑOL & iNGLES ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwL7smnZ9yM&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

102.  The Doors - Gloria (dirty version) (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xis84YBN5F0&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

103.  The Emotions- Best of My Love Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kGDyS16ulQ&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

104.  The Guess Who-American Woman lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OR6HkGS11c&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

105.  The Hollies - He Ain't Heavy (He's My Brother).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seAOTYVbvpg&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

106.  The Marmalade - Reflections Of My Life (1969).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFZr7siZbh0&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

107.  The Marmalade - Reflections of my life en español.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92zZhhk2vtw&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

108.  THE O'JAYS - Used To Be My Girl (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2rYuV9tFhU&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

109.  THE STYLISTICS + Can't Give You Anything, But My Love Original Footage Karaoke Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-tsC0S8SHg&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

110.  The Stylistics - You Make Me Feel Brand New (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHHL6IEtkcE&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

111.  The Sugarhill Gang - Rappers Delight Lyrics (FULL VERSION).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAnojTvyc0g&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

112.  The Supremes - You Can't Hurry Love (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yw5RkzbHb-w&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

113.  The Year of the Cat  - Al Stewart  (SubtituladoLyrics) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8NRCmXnguA&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

114.  The Zombies - Time Of The Season (with lyrics) official.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBxK3CcOQD8&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

115.  This will be (an everlasting love) - Natalie Cole (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wb41lCIYlVs&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

116.  Tony Orlando  Dawn - Knock Three Times.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vraxIABFIGY&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

117.  Tragedy - Bee Gees [LyricsSubtitulado Español] HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqmxlVLjiBU&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

118.  Viola Wills.Gonna get along without you now..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZ8COLMZH60&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

119.  Voulez Vouz with lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6xl5Cx0c2Y&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

120.  When I need you - Leo Sayer (With lyrics) [HQ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoXcRw9gJCA&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

121.  You Ain't Seen Nothing  Yet by Bachman-Turner Overdrive (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9S93bE06H0&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

122.  You Can Do Magic - America (Lyrics) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7ONp-GC7vM&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

123.  You Light Up My Life -  Debby Boone (Lyrics on screen).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdEBxyz9pfc&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

124.  You Needed Me - Anne Murray - Karaoke - Original Footage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYAcE7DKpmQ&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

125.  You Sexy Thing (I Believe in Miracles) by Hot Chocolate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOl4oeHZnBk&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

126.  [Lyrics] The Brothers Johnson- Stomp!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STDW7eOhAtY&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5

127.  ?PROUD MARY  TINA TURNER  FLASHING LYRICS  ???.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CxmxDFZYwh0&list=PLUcVRPQ0oeIqUZ_rMMg3FVxKl16g76CH5
70s lyrics