
10,000 Subscribers - I say A sincere thank you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWPx7ydmEik&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

28 Day Change Your Thoughts Manifest New Reality Guided Sleep Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWMxRwUwg7o&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

5 Minute Abundance Meditation Favorite from Meditation Masters By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AkEAKtL7a8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

5 Minute Quick Break Meditation A Heart Chakra, Guided Spoken Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytgL6slPNX8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

5 of the Best Sleep Guided Meditations (Combined into one seamless recording)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsB_TnQfCxA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

528 Meditation for Life (A spoken guided mind visualization for peace and healing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz2Xhzxx6oQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

7 Chakras Spoken Word Guided Meditation, Visualization, Relaxing, Chakra Healing, Balancing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00pNPZPtBpo&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

A Guided Mind Adventure Story for sleep Visit Pyramids, Incas,  sleep hypnosis, sleep meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_Wo75k8D3Q&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

A Meditation for Stress Relief & Anxiety Walk Along the Beach Guided Meditation Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDYOenLmVTg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

A Spiritual Treasure Chest  Guided Meditation - Awakening the Third Eye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41xnw-JkHRE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Alchemist Short Guided Meditation Spoken Story  Turning fear into love  hypnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pz3jF1uJ5k&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Ancient Secrets of Happiness Guided Relaxation Hypnosis (A mystical meditation to find happiness)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7uUh35-Zjs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Archangel Gabriel Guided Meditation Nurturing Your Inner Child Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0xOsqoYGn0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Archangel Saint Raphael Guided Healing Pain Meditation A spoken word visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_X-pRayIpc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

ASMR Guided Meditation  for stress and anxiety,  sleep and deeper relaxation (asmr whisper)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeS3tT2NlnM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Attract Loving Relationships, Before Sleep Guided Meditation, Manifest Love Spoken Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDQSwTKZOs8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Attracting my Soulmate Guided Meditation How to find a boyfriend or girlfriend Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6cMyA5S0NA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Authentic YOU meditation  You are Magnificent, Guided Spoken visualization, mind relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5Gg_UB-1O4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Back To Basics Guided Meditation For beginners & returning meditation users
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzV6J4WCwRM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Beach shack relaxation spoken meditation  A new series to help with stress & anxiety relief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvhnyZ1wcuM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Before Sleep  Beginners Spoken Guided Meditation  Chakra Alignment  Guided Sleep Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atu5iX7KWcs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Before Sleep  Beginners Spoken Guided Meditation  Chakra Alignment How to  Chakra Balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8LIbeKQ60U&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Before Sleep (Eyes Open) Guided Visual Meditation The Forest Relaxation hypnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfLwGME4Czw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Beginner Hypnosis Guided Meditation for Sleep  Floating Islands Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdOF4Gkkb14&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Beginners Guided Meditation Before Sleep Release Anxiety and Stress As You Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjdGzmXnqgI&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Behind the Scene Bloopers Creating a meditation audio- mistakes and all!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f81Qj-OUndg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Breaking Up - Healing & Closure from a broken relationship Spoken Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7Pc9-L1lHU&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Butterfly Sanctuary Guided Meditation for Peaceful Mind (Spoken word visualization)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oR5dpLyXoE8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Calming Mindfulness Meditation before Sleeping (Spoken Guided Sleep Hypnosis) Let go and sleep well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFEnruF-dts&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Calming music for Peace of Mind with peaceful brain wave comfort music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMjWNOnkmJ0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Can't sleep, Meditation For Insomnia, Guided Voice, Gentle Music For Sleepless Nights, Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8LjxXSxBeA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Cave Of Tranquility Meditation  Spoken Guided Meditation, Visualization, Rhythmic Breathing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFuXk1WFbAQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Chakra  Vortex Waterfall Meditation Balancing &  Activating the Chakras
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3I29abVUPI&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Chakra Realignment Therapy, Balancing The Chakras, Guided  Meditation Visualization, Chakra Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgxmkvYIrwg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Chakra Throat Guided Meditation A meditation for speaking out by Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heJf-Cidk5w&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Childrens Sleep Relaxation Storytime Octopus Tea Garden Under The Sea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPC_O-tzLBg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Color Therapy Chakra Guided Spoken Meditation for Balance & Alignment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeXipk1cK-w&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Connect To Your Breath A Spoken Word Meditation for Beginners and  Meditation Lovers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wdx74EC-9Zs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Conquer Fears Guided Meditation (Let go of your fear) Everest 3D Soundscape Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nf-q72iV8VY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Coping with Bullying A guided meditation for increased confidence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhY1dcZhszA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Coping with Grief Guided Spoken Meditation for healing after a loss of a loved one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qB6KKQRQzXs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Creative Visualization  Ideal career Get your dream job!  Law Of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKTsvKyUrhg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Crystal Forest Meditation A  guided meditation journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zp3pZee34fo&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Deeply Relaxing Body Mind Hypnosis  Sun Meditation  Relax  guided visualization for life spirit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yY1ApP6SMZQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Discover Your Future You   Michael Sealey & Jason Stephenson  Guided Meditation  relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpxWBy-UIYk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Discover your Past Life Guided Meditation A spoken visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhaU3dnVSSg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Dream Creation Lucid Dreaming Short 10 minute Guided Meditation PLUS 1 hour of  Deep Sleep Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TTGd2TGsBVM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Emotional, Physical Spiritual Healing  Spoken Meditation  FEMALE VOICE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaJFKEZetG4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Exam Success Meditation - Stay Calm & deal with test taking nerves & anxiety
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtF0T2fPvbI&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Floating On Ocean Beyond Space & Time Spoken Guided Meditation Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DSXtxrIdmY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Forest Meditation for Encouragement & Guidance, Spoken Word Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZatJ8hc53S8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Forgiveness Guided Meditation - Forgive others, forgive yourself By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ca8tAjaKhLM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Get Back to Sleep Guided Meditation, A spoken sleep meditation for deep sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqVRFEk5vao&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Gratitude  Spoken Meditation  Ho?oponopono Ancient Hawaiian Prayer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUHf4dmslro&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guardian Angel  Meditation, Spoken Word, Guided Meditation For Beginners, Angel Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOtxmcA3gtE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Confidence Meditation for Teens, Kids (& adults too!) Relax & Believe in the power of now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agdCs8nS64o&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation Before Sleep Let Go Of Fear In Uncertain Times (Meditation for Peace of Mind)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAI1Zz9Tif8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation Centering Yourself  A Grounding Mind Meditation for stress, sleep, anxiety
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hL-FiMYY_34&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation Coping with Loss, Despair & Helplessness (Fires in Australia)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBuBfNsXac0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation For Anxiety & Stress, Beginning Meditation, Guided Imagery Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vO1wPAmiMQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation for Change Change IS Possible, relaxing meditation  with meditation music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yaH-fzlJaA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation for Deep Relaxation Swinging In Space Perfect before  sleeping  spoken hypnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9z-Qo6r4WQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation for Sleep Collaboration with Olivia Kissper (ASMR) End of Day Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZoCi58T2Uc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation for Sleep, Rest &  Relaxation Flying through the clouds, A spoken Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlAR0arQ0sc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation for Sleep... Floating Amongst the Stars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4qCFFBrrgk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation Hypnosis The Junk Yard LIVE Stream (let go, clearing out old emotions)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zb2kJ7LAlTU&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation Loving Oneself & the World LIVESTREAM Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uphxGm1ck0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation Mindfulness Awareness (LIVE STREAM)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLafYgOGf1A&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation MOOD BOOSTER for SAD (Seasonal Affective Disorder) Spoken Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7rJKxGGp_s&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation Reclaim The Power Within. Tribute to Robin Williams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xf135cAZev0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation Sleep & Relaxation Hypnosis Stress Relief (soaring clouds eagle relaxation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cURNSKwMIos&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation Sleep Talk Down  Sleeping Hammock, Hypnosis for Sleep Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpEGwJ6Iw0A&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Meditation, The Magic Book Chapter 1  Relaxation  Spoken Word Guided Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9x10D1jMwQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation (5 spoken sleep meditations in one long meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrRqVrZ8VP4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation (Let Go Of Stress, Anxiety) Sleep Hypnosis Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tW4rDPmFVkg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation Awakening the Chakras & Communing with Your Higher Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XwWpDT6mJg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation Fall Asleep Quickly, Spoken Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBlMI7m89Tg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation for a Positive Mindset, Sleep Talk-Down With Affirmations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HuUtshnOEA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation for Better Dreams No more nightmares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YU3SjDYYWAs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation for Insomnia, Spoken Sleep Release Meditation with Affirmations (Vortex)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbIFDyX6ga8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation FOREST RELAX By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXxigsl3ZPM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation Let Go of Anxiety, Fear, Have Gratitude Before Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_OazCQw2Bw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation Positive Mind Boost and Energy Healing Before Sleep With Affirmations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfguLeR7A9A&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation Set Free Your Inner Child, Sleep Talk Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXU5Ub-tL7A&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation with Gentle Nature Sounds white noise Waterfall (into the forest)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Oeu5gYPOzE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation,  NEW Spoken Meditations for Insomnia, Healing, With Affirmations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGK1cK72RsM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation, Coping With Change, Sleep Well Meditation For Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Rvj69dR-mw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation, Heart Chakra Meditation Before Bedtime, Opening the Heart Chakra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xOkyfV_Rd8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation, Let Go Anxious Thoughts, Get Back to Sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZ00ld2hRxE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation, Let Go of Negative Attachments & Let Go of Trivial Thoughts & Worries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFWKqQ8F6eA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation, Let Go of Negative Attachments Before Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J53PTEf-sEw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation, Lower Blood Pressure, Sleep Meditation for Stress & Anxiety Reduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RR1HQqOkPZE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Sleep Meditation, Veterans PTSD, Returned Soldiers Support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcPUy0OjU0o&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Spoken Word Meditation for Acute Anxiety Highly Stressed, Panic Attacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFeeFHOQ64E&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Visualization for relaxation The Great Barrier Reef
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGgmfDTRSno&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Guided Visualization Havasu Falls Grand Canyon Release negative thoughts meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMjwt5R1V5A&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Heal Your Body Spoken Guided Meditation For Pain & Sickness, Relieve Pain Naturally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jD3VxSGM-k&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Healing Space A spoken word guided meditation for deep relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpotwRmX654&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Ho'oponopono Hawaiian Healing Technique Prayer Guided Meditation Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmX7RYOe_2s&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

How to Meditate, Energy work, Guided meditation CONVERSATIONS WITH NATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKemCAYduxM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

How to Overcome Fear & Stop Self Sabotage A Guided VisualizationMeditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovJ-0zc_TdM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Hypnosis UTOPIA SLEEP MEDITATION A Spoken Guided Meditation into Interstellar Worlds  deep sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwyRJz_fa1c&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Inner Child Guided Meditation, Spoken word Meditation, Visualization, Healing Relaxation for peace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mpfl_wAVGBk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Inner Peace Guided Sleep, Healing While you Sleep Guided Meditation, Sleep Hypnosis Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wu_dNghZjA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Kids relaxation Sleep Story The Island Tree House Helps make children sleepy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0L3rlc5IUY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Let Go Of Anxiety A Guided Meditation For Anxiety Relief  - The Magic Book
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxVxyMyvA_U&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Let Go Of Anxiety Before Sleep Guided Meditation for Overthinking & Worries, Clear Your Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeSgEOyxIOk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Letting Go A Guided Meditation, The Magic Book, Spoken Word Guided  Visualization, Waterfall Relax
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SuH5LlrAm8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Letting Go Before Sleep Guided Meditation Hypnosis  (voice only)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzZox4uN86o&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Life Purpose Guided  Sleep Meditation, Discover Your Purpose As You Drift Off Into Deep Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlNcomACajc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

LIVE Guided  positive SELF EMPOWERMENT Confidence Meditation Hypnosis (Great before Sleep)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9ZxGcc8G2g&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Lucid Dreams & Deep Sleep Music Theta Rhythm with Natural Night Sounds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtcKx4Ah99I&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Manifest your dreams! Guided Visualization   Healing crystal caves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kAlgPewWgE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Manifesting & Deserving Abundance Guided Spoken Meditation Hypnosis for sleep & law of attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fckOJcRtVnY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Meditation  to Help Stop Procrastination for Energy & Motivation (Guided visualization)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXGS0Wljyak&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Meditation for Autism Body Mind Relaxation (Ideal for those with Short attention span)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1cbGCHuUe0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Meditation for sleep Peace Island Sleeping, guided visualization, guided meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVFqyXJaKm4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Meditation Massage Table  Spoken Guided Relax Chakra Experience at the massage spa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NjLAo0JN0Q&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Meet Your Animal Spirit Guide Guided Meditation Visualization, Spoken Word, The Magic Book
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDy7cErBb4o&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Meet Your Personal Spirit Guide  A Spoken Meditation with Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iMA3XBH9bc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Mindfulness ACTIVE Voice Meditation - Being In The Moment By Jason Stephenson (positive & happiness)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEYvHiETPgA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Mindfulness Guided Meditation Starts @ 5 minutes due to sound hitch LIVE Stream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKidyaKcnpA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Mindfulness Meditation Training (How to do mindful meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7q63HcobNs8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Minute Meditation Letting Go Of Stress Guided Voice SHORT MEDITATION Hypnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Md724SxePJM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Monkey Mind State V's Meditation State Of Mind Las VegasGrand Canyon Experience.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-NfICHS7Hk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Morning Guided Meditation, Positive Ways to Start Your Day,  Setting Intentions, Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSBGjaDpdY8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

New Life Spoken Meditation  Transitioning Through Life &  Coping with Choice & Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-irWBSyeto&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

OM Healing Vibration Guided meditation  - Aum Chanting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMmhNJl3aak&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Opening the Heart Chakra & Crystal Singing Bowl Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9y918_BwfXw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Out Of Body Spoken Visualization Meditation Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAJFk0RQ0J0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Pain Relief Guided Meditation for easing aches, pain, headaches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPr-NivN4Ts&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Past Life Regression, Guided Spoken Sleep Meditation Before Sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLmq4VTSqUw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

POSITIVE MIND in 5 Minutes Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RxXiFgkxGc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

POWERFUL! Guided Visualization Meditation Open the Magic Book - It will answer your questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGOInMepo0U&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

PTSD Visualization for trauma relief & healing (Spoken Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8e4sATalz8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Quit Smoking Guided Visualization Replace Addiction with Passion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-KCn_WcEwE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Radiant Self A Guided Visualization for Good Health, Find Your Natural Well-Being Spoken Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eJkRRpu008&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Reconnecting with a lost loved one Guided meditation, guided visualization (Crossing Over)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nwUN6_tt6U&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Recovery Meditation Spoken word for surgery, illness, pain, sickness healing visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QasYFScOpTk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Relaxation Visualization Zen Garden Talk Down Sleep & Stress Relief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxOdn96OMc8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Relaxing Miracles @ Stonehenge Guided Voice Meditation for miracles,relaxation, healing, love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKrRMe5meWQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Release Mind Matters A  Guided Meditation Prior to Sleeping sleep hypnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHhAChNp800&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Release Negative Thoughts Spiritual Guided Spoken Visualization Meditation for peace of mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L13xuL7TDqo&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Releasing Negative Thoughts Spoken Affirmations for a peaceful, calm positive mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mSJ4uKRBf0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

RIVER OF DREAMS - Attracting WEALTH into your life - Guided Visualization Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCiiph3lkCw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Running Meditation A Meditation for jogging, runners - The power of now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6Lqt8Xa5Fs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Self Hypnosis Positive Mind BOOST Affirmations meditation for postive energy By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nEaj7w41F0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Short Guided Meditation (Live videos coming each week - this is a test!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVI-Cm-dFD0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Short Guided Meditation Release Stress , Anxiety, Beach Meditation, Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TGt0HB9nGY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Sleep Guided Meditation (Spoken) for sleeping, deep relaxation (with rain & fire sounds ) hypnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uw3h_WNngYk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Sleep Guided Meditation, Meet Your Spirit Guides Whilst Sleeping, Calming Your Mind Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIAWiBZ_ZZM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Sleep Hypnosis Fall Asleep Fast, Sleep Talk Down, Guided Sleep Meditation By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qNFzlvSEc0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Sleep in Peace Guided Meditation for sleeping (Spoken Hypnosis Meditation with music for insomnia)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yOjC8DbR0I&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Sleep Meditation Release Worry Guided Meditation Hypnosis for a Deep Sleep & Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcdBCam2pnU&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

SLEEP MEDITATION, The Positive Healing Bubble Sleep Hypnosis Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_WMk-dQuoY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Sleep Talk Down Abundance, Love & Happiness Guided Sleep Meditation By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1sJYZS81Zk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Sleep Talk Down Calm Mind & Inner Peace Guided Sleep Meditation By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAv2wvxnwFA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Sleep Talk Down Guided Meditation Fall Asleep Faster with Sleep Music Spoken Word Hypnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoDb7PbZQ1s&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Sleep Talk Down Guided Meditation Fall Asleep Faster, Guided Sleep Meditation Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZ4_VQWvYvY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Sleep Talk Down, Ho'oponopono for Healing, Forgiveness, Guided Sleep Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7Lh9s8vqDs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Soaring Sleep Guided Body Mind Meditation Hypnosis before sleeping (ASMR Sleep voice)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFHt09PlExk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Spoken  Meditation for Addiction Help for Substance, Gambling, Alcohol, drugs, depression, asmr
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8_ENeZ2x28&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Spoken Guided SLEEP Meditation Journey to the Galaxies and Beyond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsJ4LErizdc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Spoken Meditation for a Clear Mind Clarity, clearing the fog Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zuZZUOtQxA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Spoken Meditation Self Acceptance, Self Esteem  Guided Meditation  (Crystal Palace) Before Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXg6Vn1g5I8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Spoken Meditation to reduce stress and anxiety Beach Shack Relaxation Series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GC6WwP3W99I&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Spoken Meditation Your Ideal Life, The Law Of Attraction Goal Setting Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J11_JxqSJlE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Spoken Word Meditation Spiritual Connection  Unity at Machu Picchu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtE9v5ESj6o&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Stress Relief Spoken Meditation WHALESONG Ocean Fantasy Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCl-17YCFkM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Surrender Meditation  A Spoken guided visualization (Letting go of control)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfEqviC7rwg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Take a Breath Short Guided Mindfulness Meditation (spoken) PLUS updates on channel App By Jason
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlxU-X5G1OA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

The Divine Gift A Guided Voice Meditation Soothing Hypnosis By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfUEpmUfFM8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

The Fairy & Leprechaun Spoken word Guided Meditation for Children For Sleep & Relaxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-FZ2OvvUcM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

The Great Pyramid Guided Meditation For Deep Relaxation 20 minute Guided Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ADjCNqt2Dc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

The Himalayas, Meditation, Spoken Word, Guided Visualization, Guided Meditation For  Relaxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-_kaqw09TI&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

The Magic Book POSITIVE THOUGHTS, Guided Spoken Meditation Visualization+ Theta, Positive Thinking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rpo2TJIr-Ho&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

The Secret Garden Guided Meditation Visualization, A spoken word relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YW-GcRr3zuQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Tibetan Guided Spoken Meditation for  Deep Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-dK-o5x67g&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

UNWIND YOUR MIND Before Sleep Meditation (Spoken with Music) A Guided Meditation  Insomnia Sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UC4yF3_si5U&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Uplifting Guided Spoken Meditation With Positive Affirmations For Success & Feeling Good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBPiA4MPwY8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Vortex Spoken meditation Strengthen Your Energy, Realign Your Chakras
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4oUx-y04LQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Weight Loss Meditation Lose Weight Guided Visualization, Self Improvement Meditation, Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIeirj4UFxI&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Weight Loss SLEEP MEDITATION, for a better physique, Guided Sleep Hypnosis with Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qg7iD7P5b4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Whisper Meditation Guided Floating Visualization for Insomnia Or Those Who Can't Sleep, Soothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6jkW3AR9z4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Winners of 500,000 subscriber competition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWv2fadje90&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq

Your Question Answered Mystical Guided Meditation A Creative  Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rw-FtDxOyPY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMNywoE9Nd6BIJqDT_dPJrJq
Guided Meditation