
4chan's Infamous Stalker  The Philmarilion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkLOB5wAAbI&pp=sAQA

Bob Hickman  God Entered My Body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-_BC9dkC0Y&pp=sAQA

Bob vs Nintendo The Story of Bob's Game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A47maEySTdI&pp=sAQA

Decoding The Secret A Treasure Hunt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfGk0dFAhjo&pp=sAQA

Japan's Strangest Livestream  Nasubi  A Life of Prizes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_o8v88nkKc&pp=sAQA

Karin Catherine Waldegrave  An Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyHYOn6djlE&pp=sAQA

Robhgien Yrgna  Angry Neighbor  An Analysis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2N6WMt2G28w&pp=sAQA

The Cult of Andrew ThanFiction Blake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btp7oPP2AwI&pp=sAQA

The Cyber Fiction Saga of Horse_Ebooks and Pronunciation Book
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_T0Cuv0JEO0&pp=sAQA

The Death of Olivia Mabel  Viral Marketing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSvdKp7FUvE&pp=sAQA

The Dolphin House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UziFw-jQSks&t=4s&pp=sAQA

The Doomsday Subreddit  April 30th 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2X5mbWccEc&pp=sAQA

The Fall of Phoenix Jones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8CkDrhZw14&pp=sAQA

The Forgotten ARG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKLLDJZmxl4&pp=sAQA

The Game A Scavenger Hunt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1yZ-ymG7lY&pp=sAQA

The HaseKara Calamity A Doxing Saga (ft. Nihongo Johnny)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fa9O1cBQV_M&pp=sAQA

The Internet's Most Bizarre Website Yvette's Bridal Formal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rofmr7_xc7A&pp=sAQA

The Internet's Most Controversial ARG  Junko Junsui
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkxi71OUckg&pp=sAQA

The Internet's Self-Taught Soldier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWfl16KJ-JI&pp=sAQA

The Investigation of Erratas (featuring Nexpo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NT3lkIHCmzc&pp=sAQA

The Man Who Lived in an Airport for 18 Years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQfXd1YlkS4&pp=sAQA

The Story of Anna Matskevich, AKA Refbatch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OSReIXxyrI&pp=sAQA

The Story of Ulillillia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-79yOZ13qg&pp=sAQA

The Strange World of Breatharianism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWRniMqhr00&pp=sAQA

The Throne of James Hampton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtjJWGJfJ6A&pp=sAQA
Atrocity Guide