
adam faith - what do you want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkODancaf6E&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Anthony Newley   If She Should Come To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPg_qmMmEBM&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Anthony Newley   Why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8iFpJ7_xZA&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Anthony Newley, Do You Mind from LET'S GET MARRIED (1960)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3gAXGiEBmI&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Bob Luman  LET'S THINK ABOUT LIVIN'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOUSNVTHoAI&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Bobby Darin - Beyond the Sea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bRAtV-jgoQ&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Bobby Darin - Clementine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vc9UKWzJmpU&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Brenda Lee - I'm Sorry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGLR25EJtfE&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Brian Hyland - Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICkWjdQuK7Q&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Connie Francis - Everybody's Somebody's Fool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECOthzFvUXY&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Connie stevens sixteen reasons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPbSYJ1LNl0&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Duane Eddy - Because They`re Young
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKm2_67xtVs&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Elmer Bernstein - Staccato's Theme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydmKAEd99e0&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Elvis Presley - A Mess Of Blues wlyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbHpa-ThHI8&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

elvis presley - its now or never (1960)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkMVscR5YOo&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Elvis Presley - Stuck On You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCW0DkdtTPg&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Everly Brothers  - Cathy's Clown (1960)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_fkzaAEbQg&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Everly Brothers - Lucille
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CshTqvzg8m8&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Everly Brothers - When Will I Be Loved
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmJg7PpAqxg&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Fats Domino - Be My Guest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ff5IYXby3Z4&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Fings Ain't Wot They Used T'Be. Max Bygraves - I Wanna Tell You a Story...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYTHucboV-o&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Frankie Laine   Rawhide Original Stereo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EjbzCX3enA&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Freddy Cannon ~ Way Down Yonder in New Orleans (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XXe_5k_kno&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Garry Mills - Look For A Star ( 1960 )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B75zx0IMvek&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Harbour lights - The Platters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGUdBYIdy3w&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Jim Reeves ~ He'll Have To Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Smlaq1ezQRM&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

jimmy jones -  good timin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNy8t1PIxoY&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Jimmy Jones - Handy Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOk5aMa-LX4&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

John Barry Seven - Walk Don`t Run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nn1GArGX8PY&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Johnny And The Hurricanes - Down Yonder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8hV3cjCT6E&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Johnny And The Hurricanes - Rockin' Goose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOA4osELeM4&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Johnny Burnette - Dreamin`
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnkjOHVK-H4&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Johnny Mathis - My love for you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETpfnmSffSA&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Johnny Preston - Running Bear ( 1960 )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P615vAhkUlU&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Johnny Preston Cradle of love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmGCIVG1bUY&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Ken Dodd - Love Is Like A Violin ( 1960 )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WMjsytMvkM&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Lance Fortune - Be Mine (stereo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAU3gWSJc9A&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Lonnie Donegan - My Old Man's a Dustman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7GeZ3YmONw&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

lonnie donegan i wanna go home(wreck of the john b)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkPIMFF5wPk&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Mama Single Version=Connie Francis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dg9Ki5krurk&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Marv Johnson - You've Got What It Takes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oOtECHc5uA&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Michael Cox (Joe Meek) - Angela Jones - 1960 45rpm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSdH9l9GMLA&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Michael Holliday - Starry Eyed ( 1960 )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNNj4NDCn6k&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

My Heart Has A Mind Of It's Own by Connie Francis 1960
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHYlUZwqItk&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Percy Faith - Theme From A Summer Place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSsiS-v6_6M&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Please Help Me I'm Fallin' - Hank Locklin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJ59ZZYKbVE&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Roy Orbison  Blue Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRV6r2jaGx0&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Roy Orbison - Only The Lonely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjq4wYuwgxs&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Sam Cooke - Chain Gang (High Quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBn5aIfZElE&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Save the last dance for me - The Drifters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-XQ26KePUQ&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Shirley Bassey - As Long As He Needs Me (1960 Recording)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vmGoiP1P6w&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Sophia Lorene and Peter Sellers - Goodness Gracious Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03DKl3lOY4k&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Sweet Nothin's-Brenda Lee-original song-1960
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWgyum5fjJc&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

The Avons - Seven Little Girls Sitting In The Back Seat (HQ) (1904856)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDYpr99FgEk&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

The Avons - Seven Little Girls Sitting In The Back Seat (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDYpr99FgEk&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

The Kaye Sisters...Seven Roses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXJRXgdsEJg&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

The Piltdown Men - McDonalds Cave.Stereo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4No1Ol2DLU&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

The Shadows - Apache (1960)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzgbcyfJgfQ&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

The Shadows - Man of Mystery (1960)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHjoi_0YhGA&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

The Ventures - Walk -- Don't Run (original) - [STEREO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WW21rcHiVU0&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Them There Eyes  -  Emile Ford & The Checkmates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-McztgdSriQ&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j

Tommy Bruce & The Bruisers - Ain't Misbehavin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_QqUDOtSBs&list=PLBzYEwHShuqhl8SO7EeuLSdR1IJHisD2j
Top 100 UK singles 1960