
5 Stages of H.O.R.S.E. ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISe0l8msWUA&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

90s sitcoms be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0i1mzqgnlR4&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Americans vs Canadians (ft Julie Nolke)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2d8YOw8LH5g&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Bad roommates be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WuJW4Fh0f4&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Basic bros be like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHB2M-ewz2w&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Best of Girls be like.. 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFDQohNEaxw&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Best of Middle Schoolers be like.. 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f74tTU9JrRE&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Bill Burr Stand-Up Monologue - SNL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1xgXJ5_Q34&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Blinded by the White
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8v-ccYe7eH0&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Childhood vs Adulthood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AF_QHZlno0o&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Christian Moms Be Like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GABs33plSFE&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Corporate offices be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7e1TyRP3swQ&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Costco be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urUTXOP7Kig&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Couples during college football season....
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QA55OCueIGE&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Couples during engagement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2LoHtogsH0&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Couples during quarantine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FM6F0yUeBL0&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Dads during Christmas..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-jCuIFnTTc&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Dating Then vs. Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXrKA7vMt_A&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Dating vs Marriage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQOJazSicRM&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Day 1 in quarantine vs Day 50
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCp2gZ-BMIw&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Dr Seuss ain’t “CANCELED”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOgfV0xLKDw&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Driving be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YN6FoCjGEus&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Dudes who are WAY too into fitness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQZm3MGeIv0&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Every mom in America right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5gU7u4NPCg&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Every relative during Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VosXXnnNSvY&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Everyone's relationship with Netflix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMQbkalFADk&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Explaining 2020 to a Coma Patient
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7ddKdCmc4k&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Extroverts vs. Introverts in Quarantine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hWGeeQMn5A&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

First World Problems..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUkGN6SfOUw&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Football's Back (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZih9Bymakc&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Friend zone be like.. Trapped --  (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_QPsDvhYtI&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Germaphobes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izYn6GeAeD0&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Girls Be Like.. Compilation #2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-aub9g7PqU&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Girls be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwKgZm-QzsI&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Girls during Christmas be like.. 2019 Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwHp3gTrgRY&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Girls during fall be like.. 2020 Edition!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlIyqWhvdvg&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Girls during fall be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygUN0ebiBkU&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Girls during quarantine be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ustBAaIgk68&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Girls during summer be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LM29XF5J5DU&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Honest thoughts at every Super Bowl party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ESQTkrJUsA&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Honest Wedding Thoughts - John Crist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOoonO33sLY&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Honest winter thoughts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuQhVN6sCec&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

How Girls Handle Relationships vs. Guys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQ3zZbK2azQ&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

How To Improve Your Catching Pop Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0UenN6anV0&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

I made a 90s R&B love song about pizza. I Knead Your Love [Official Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8GsaQwBafE&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

If 2020 and 2021 had a conversation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RU15AgKwno&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

If Holidays were People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qv3RF1nWoMk&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

If social media platforms were a family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVyNuXvcXYA&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

John Crist on Kids These Days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dt6ElZY4gjw&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Karens be like.. Part 2!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHXn5kIxR6A&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Karens be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8A9IpFOBsI&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Kid Rock - Picture feat. Sheryl Crow [Official Music Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKFx0MMqb48&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Life in your 20s..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPvlWyGK1Yo&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Little Man Syndrome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RClIKpaqNTA&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Men vs Women in Relationships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpLmnTv8wDA&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Middle School Maddox Season 1 - EP 2 of 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnUCLrhE8bQ&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Middle School Maddox Season 1 - Ep 3 of 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gsy20v1BGRA&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Middle schoolers be like...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xlqx1STnmKg&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Middle schoolers' bedtime be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jzd5P644Wdo&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Millennial Boyfriend School
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hL8UIfi-jg&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Millennial finances be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kU7crNWb1Rg&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Mispronunciations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKIRgtpGSyA&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Modern Day Roll Call
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=og5gKdLy1lE&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Moms pre-pandemic vs. post-pandemic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brINhK4_5rI&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Online dating be like.. part 2!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-cG8qpj1us&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Paramore - Still Into You (Studio Vocals)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrCxfWVuDXU&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Pat McAfee Reacts To WallStreetBets Reddit Pushing Stocks To The Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-mMvYrnLxE&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

People who brag about their diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGfUJ_RSquM&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

People who shop at Walmart vs Target
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4OzELk9KEc&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Pessimists vs Optimists in 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLaIhkvzB0A&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Phases of 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vNcoOTyRJA&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

R&B singers always doing too much like... (compilation!!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaaTZ7G1pI4&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Return of Basketball
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ir-PWE8x4L4&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Roll Call in 10 Years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNFX8An0bwk&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Signs of a Psychopath. Part 2.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3upMsA3PmT4&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Singers be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHRq9S2pkYo&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Southerner goes to New York
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ScFdCo1mpY&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

that friend who ALWAYS sings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5kL-AXKCyU&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

That person who ALWAYS brings up politics..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QooKVrPsGL0&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

The 5 Phases of a Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijHLalSh0ns&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

THE WICKED WITCH OF THE EAST, BRO!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uznUlgpKBzE&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Things that get everyone triggered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYoSgad_two&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

This is Adulthood -- Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqjXEzIZLjA&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

This is Adulthood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQzwph7sZvQ&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Train - Bruises ft. Ashley Monroe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmXaaEvnnOQ&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Valentineless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZC6JWV11QU&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

When you're from a small town
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZksSbyha91c&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

When your dad tries to teach you basketball..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Exu87hIvo3I&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

White People Summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyyQ8EI51gI&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

White people. Part 2!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaDc3E7Ed3E&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

White people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bBKMeVa_p4&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Working from home be like..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fidNWIsCxXI&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy

Worst types of people
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLsDFVcA9K0&list=PLCD16kkXXdiHHrrcuHPFjEKXPY4cEVOiy
Trey Kennedy funny