
1.  1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY! - Ep.5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_ymLhrPIMI&pp=sAQA

2.  5 gram Mushroom Journey - Some Teachings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rxCW1yC8fo&pp=sAQA

3.  Addicted to coffee again... Ep.8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEaeMMYbfxA&pp=sAQA

4.  Addictions Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7numqWowrjg&pp=sAQA

5.  Anxiety, Anger & Emotional Alchemy (healing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImUodN9Eb74&pp=sAQA

6.  Apology & Update - More Big Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7YaAFjkmL8&pp=sAQA

7.  Are we going to survive this thing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpD4z4hr-DE&pp=sAQA

8.  Baby Penguin Rescue! - Ep.3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asmKdI6C7uY&pp=sAQA

9.  BITCOIN LET'S GOOO! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTbE2Ldsq8o&pp=sAQA

10.  Boundaries! Are you a people pleaser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BUfuPmntS8&pp=sAQA

11.  Business as usual in Cape Town!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lwfj7aXwV4&pp=sAQA

12.  Cape Town Freediving Mission.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHgw-HB7j9Y&pp=sAQA

13.  Cape Town Sunrise Swim - Ep.10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MyEWhYXZF1o&pp=sAQA

14.  Casual Hiking Chat - Giving Thanks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMqIe1bwxug&pp=sAQA

15.  Check out my new HOUSE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwTFRfVpMTo&pp=sAQA

16.  Checking in With Systemic Racism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXCE78szFaM&pp=sAQA

17.  Classic Day in Cape Town! - Ep.6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCTbafLdPv8&pp=sAQA

18.  Death & Grieving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S27nr4MG-oo&pp=sAQA

19.  DEEP Cannabis & Breathwork Journey - Healing Addiction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peSBQwJ7pE0&pp=sAQA

20.  ENTHUSIASM FOR LIFE! - Ep.2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xj7sk4p5gU&pp=sAQA

21.  Far from ‘Normal’ ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udAMh823zFM&pp=sAQA

22.  FEELING LOW WATCH THIS! ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2SfG1c3Mos&pp=sAQA

23.  Goodbye Cape Town, Hello UK!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8uJGEX-2h4&pp=sAQA

24.  Hiking with New Camera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7p9TYLGzGE&pp=sAQA

25.  How To Make Life Worth Living - Nature Chats; Purpose & Depression.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZO8pS1B5Rc&pp=sAQA

26.  I FORGOT HOW GOOD IT FEELS - Ep.9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3sdbNtAOmeQ&pp=sAQA

27.  I moved into a CABIN!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEFcPAiYOpk&pp=sAQA

28.  I'm Dating a Wild Feminine Queen ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRKtwf15h0c&pp=sAQA

29.  I'm Levelling UP right now! LET'S GO!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BiXwoIeanc&pp=sAQA

30.  I'm never doing that again..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmbAiOdcmmk&pp=sAQA

31.  Inner Peace, the biggest flex!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3VOTXW8F-A&pp=sAQA

32.  Is THIS the most IMPORTANT question we can ask right now...!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpR46ClAI7I&pp=sAQA

33.  It’s all part of the dream plan..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2cxUL2rZn0&pp=sAQA

34.  Learn New Skills - Ep.4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jsex5z3mJoc&pp=sAQA

35.  Life is ART & Other Chats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqewIA0lYFo&pp=sAQA

36.  Life is FULL of surprises + Uber driver gives life advice!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISgxF6PKk2E&pp=sAQA

37.  Life Purpose... (it's not vlogging).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKPaw8oLb3A&pp=sAQA

38.  Lockdown Update from Cape Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnr2QWVXLp8&pp=sAQA

39.  Mental Health Above EVERYTHING..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3st05ttWR_c&pp=sAQA

40.  Mental Health Awareness - Personal Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW2vLAOzOX0&pp=sAQA

41.  My Land Rover is BACK!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cx3S96LdGok&pp=sAQA

42.  My Marijuana Addiction & New Moon Intentions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4yuItPePbk&pp=sAQA

43.  My Opinions on Natural Health.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2BaGzwOlEI&pp=sAQA

44.  NEW PROJECT IS NOW LIVE! (and other life updates).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmRYHihoz3Y&pp=sAQA

45.  NEW! Introducing - 'With Extra Feels'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HONbF_I2r9U&pp=sAQA

46.  Not A Single Fck (finally!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWCEZVCdOM0&pp=sAQA

47.  POSITIVE VIBES! Cold Water Routine, Therapy & Full Moon Gratitude.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3CS8A3ODXs&pp=sAQA

48.  Solo Mission to Wales.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmJi9jCe5vE&pp=sAQA

49.  Spring Flower Therapy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5Ru92WPWF8&pp=sAQA

50.  The Gift In Each Moment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irW_QlcuDd8&pp=sAQA

51.  The Hidden Waterfall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPYWtsZn9sE&pp=sAQA

52.  This Scares Me..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygs6KYooyNA&pp=sAQA

53.  Tips to Maximise Healing in Nature.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clhmU6a7W98&pp=sAQA

54.  UK Highs and lows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7GrIh-H5os&pp=sAQA

55.  Violence Against Women - Not all men.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3N0E2S_MGy4&pp=sAQA

56.  Vlogs Are Back! - Ep.1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kf77j-iIa3o&pp=sAQA

57.  We Moved House AGAIN! (Our Dream Home) - Ep.7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3Ej5OGp8wU&pp=sAQA

58.  We're Back On The Road!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyvRBdzqlXQ&pp=sAQA

59.  Well that was lucky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtiYZWyMb_M&pp=sAQA

60.  With Extra Feels - Judgment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJhmGPugp_E&pp=sAQA
Ben Brown