
Crimson and Clover - Tommy James & The Shondells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpGEeneO-t0&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Freddy Fender Before the Next Teardrop Falls (MrDuran.com)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKC5E2O6Vz8&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Gary Puckett and The Union Gap Over You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPDEV13DlIs&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

I Think We`re Alone Now - Tommy James & The Shondells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkMFLUXTEwM&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Jay and the Americans - Come A Little Bit Closer (Shindig - Oct 21, 1964)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8lRsmyRJg8&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Jr  Walker and The All stars   What does it take   STEREO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIfuIpHOwFk&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Little peggy march (1963 original Live) - I will follow him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8-6o_ultLg&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Lou Christie - Lightnin' Strikes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyRqdzF8swY&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Red Rubber Ball - Cyrkle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcdPPd9nEwQ&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Righteous Brothers - Unchained Melody (subtitle in englishsubtitulado español) (Live 1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrK5u5W8afc&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Shelley Fabares - Johnny Angel [Full Video Edit] 1961
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwIYSofgpY0&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Smokey Robinson - Cruisin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlzY6cWpoMQ&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

The Beatles - You cant do that live ( HQ )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8Dpt7TI9q0&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

THE COUNT FIVE-'PSYCHOTIC REACTION',(1966).wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBTT3VPriV8&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

The Hollies - Carrie Anne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgA4-bLcoN8&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

The Music Explosion  ~  Little Bit O'Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdWp-QCLfWw&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

the ronettes walking in the rain stereo alt version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-acBvdsP_DQ&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

The Seeds - Pushin' Too Hard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNZwCNSSWlI&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

The Seekers - I'll never find another you (1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ga9Bs4fzSY&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

THE SHIRELLES-WILL U STILL LOVE ME TOMORROW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbxxkwBQk_o&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

THIS MAGIC MOMENT-JAY AND THE AMERICANS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpePWo56zm4&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Tommy James & The Shondells - Crystal Blue Persuasion Roulette (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2821Jvnaeg8&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Tommy Roe - Sweet Pea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCKXxJRgVgc&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Traces of love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0r74rxvWxo&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Venus by Shocking Blue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2DBcbZc3ck&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj

Walk Away Renee - The left Banke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uqBTzfcIk4&list=PLrQcHWlU5jsRhHOenKV4TRD_9iRMuaZMj
best 60s love songs