
1.  'Celine Through the Eyes of the World' Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EPkBPfFzHA&pp=sAQA

2.  Barbra Streisand, Céline Dion - Tell Him (Duet with Barbra Streisand) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJNd1k7bluU&pp=sAQA

3.  Barbra Streisand, Céline Dion - Tell Him (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKWWyO-C2o0&pp=sAQA

4.  Barbra Streisand, Céline Dion - Tell Him - Behind-the-scenes Interview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBz5ZhuU8GY&pp=sAQA

5.  Because You Loved Me from Falling Into You Around The World Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8Eqc76f5M8&pp=sAQA

6.  Behind-the-scenes of the Courage album photoshoot Gold metal corset by Thierry Mugler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhYUVM-p6Ag&pp=sAQA

7.  Can't Fight The Feelin' (Behind-the scenes video footage from recording sessions).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNzbNMRwhfI&pp=sAQA

8.  Celine Dion - Be Part Of The Show  Faites partie du spectacle (I Drove All Night).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Zn_-WZbd_E&pp=sAQA

9.  Celine Dion - Courage Studio Session - The Chase.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mUTNKiaVqs&pp=sAQA

10.  Celine Dion - Eyes On Me - Behind the Scenes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEvi8GJsF5Y&pp=sAQA

11.  Celine Dion - Taking Chances World Tour Footage - Tokyo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-M2QeT4B9Q&pp=sAQA

12.  Celine Dion - Taking Chances World Tour Footage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oMUJShmHXo&pp=sAQA

13.  Celine Dion - The Woman In Me Studio Sessions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHd-HFGcEgE&pp=sAQA

14.  Celine Dion @ Late Show with David Letterman, 1994.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ytcr6OX5ZSI&pp=sAQA

15.  Celine Dion and Ben Moody In The Studio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhtWWGoDQyo&pp=sAQA

16.  Celine Dion Courage World Tour – Teaser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SCesxVYtjFo&pp=sAQA

17.  Celine Dion In The Studio Recording Alone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFSDrdpuKMc&pp=sAQA

18.  Celine Dion Summer Tour 2016 - Band.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NF29rX_l7zA&pp=sAQA

19.  Celine Dion Summer Tour 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZ0KCwGtGVk&pp=sAQA

20.  Celine Dion With This Tear, 1992.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYP_rebzEAc&pp=sAQA

21.  Celine Thanks You  vous dit merci!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BN131lSJiyI&pp=sAQA

22.  Celine's New Vegas Show  Nouveau spectacle de Céline à Las Vegas - River Deep, Mountain High 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yz9sZeHiI-M&pp=sAQA

23.  Celine's New Vegas Show  Nouveau spectacle de Céline à Las Vegas - River Deep, Mountain High.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5zk0a2D9kw&pp=sAQA

24.  Celine-BePartOfTheShow.com.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fg1NbH-YvYY&pp=sAQA

25.  Celine-FaitesPartieDuSpectacle.com.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FZCC7gjP7s&pp=sAQA

26.  Celle qui m'a tout appris (Live in Quebec City) (VIDEO - Live in Quebec City).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2d_UyI17y3I&pp=sAQA

27.  Ciao for now Las Vegas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pzRDTvKa7M&pp=sAQA

28.  Céline Dion  more than 1000 concerts at The Colosseum !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6GE2VHvDiQ&pp=sAQA

29.  Céline Dion  My Love - Tribute to René.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIMzEy8YBeU&pp=sAQA

30.  Céline Dion  Relief Collection  Une collecte de fonds pour les victimes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKJakUFvx4Y&pp=sAQA

31.  Céline Dion  Vegas Strong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51h1wxOzRxg&pp=sAQA

32.  Céline Dion  Winter Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xL0HndB3O7U&pp=sAQA

33.  Céline Dion - (If There Was) Any Other Way (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqpfC0-slDU&pp=sAQA

34.  Céline Dion - (You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEnopltXosI&pp=sAQA

35.  Céline Dion - A cause (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLQHI7C6GRs&pp=sAQA

36.  Céline Dion - A Mother's Prayer (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jz9y4x1NhJo&pp=sAQA

37.  Céline Dion - A New Day Has Come (from the 2007 DVD Live In Las Vegas - A New Day...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wi3SbzXpAcc&pp=sAQA

38.  Céline Dion - A New Day Has Come (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaGLVS5b_ZY&pp=sAQA

39.  Céline Dion - A Song for You (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aybaZJdaDqM&pp=sAQA

40.  Céline Dion - A World to Believe In (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32fBK8hsUek&pp=sAQA

41.  Céline Dion - Adeste Fideles (O Come All Ye Faithful) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOmHXeYhDU8&pp=sAQA

42.  Céline Dion - All By Myself (from Through The Eyes Of The World).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HcFPdhxbJfM&pp=sAQA

43.  Céline Dion - All By Myself (Official Remastered HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGrLb6W5YOM&pp=sAQA

44.  Céline Dion - All By Myself (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tT2gVblzFvY&pp=sAQA

45.  Céline Dion - Alone (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7jz7A3rnxM&pp=sAQA

46.  Céline Dion - Alone (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbRfapWaOKk&pp=sAQA

47.  Céline Dion - Always Be Your Girl (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehJtpJWLnzw&pp=sAQA

48.  Céline Dion - Amar haciendo el amor (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wl5bVlx00yQ&pp=sAQA

49.  Céline Dion - Another Year Has Gone By (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WcWjP_z3JI&pp=sAQA

50.  Céline Dion - Artist Interview by Timo Repo (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rf5s92Ko5e4&pp=sAQA

51.  Céline Dion - Artist Interview by Timo Repo (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4QThmccU-Q&pp=sAQA

52.  Céline Dion - Ashes (from Deadpool 2 Motion Picture Soundtrack).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX11yw6YL1w&pp=sAQA

53.  Céline Dion - Ashes (Riddler Extended Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8c9bMp05HU&pp=sAQA

54.  Céline Dion - Ashes (Riddler Remix Radio Edit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3orsQStwtdw&pp=sAQA

55.  Céline Dion - Ashes (Steve Aoki Deadpool Demix) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VzxQJ1ltAk&pp=sAQA

56.  Céline Dion - At Last (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqYSXGK3Kdc&pp=sAQA

57.  Céline Dion - At Seventeen (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6goqcnMjWQ&pp=sAQA

58.  Céline Dion - Attendre (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9sKaVG8wDs&pp=sAQA

59.  Céline Dion - Ave Maria (Audio) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ek9LKDjgshU&pp=sAQA

60.  Céline Dion - Aún existe amor (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QbPGChFUIw&pp=sAQA

61.  Céline Dion - Baby (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hYQ--w23b8&pp=sAQA

62.  Céline Dion - Baby Close Your Eyes (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJnRbL5E_yw&pp=sAQA

63.  Céline Dion - Be the Man (On This Night) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6xJRP2QIJc&pp=sAQA

64.  Céline Dion - Beautiful Boy (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CNdUzVBE2o&pp=sAQA

65.  Céline Dion - Because You Loved Me (from the 2007 DVD Live In Las Vegas - A New Day...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDcuRgk-JEI&pp=sAQA

66.  Céline Dion - Because You Loved Me (from These Are Special Times TV Special).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMOovDrWWiI&pp=sAQA

67.  Céline Dion - Because You Loved Me (Theme from Up Close and Personal)(Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpl4if07ics&pp=sAQA

68.  Céline Dion - Behind-the-scenes of the Courage album photoshoot The Water Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-GVPbbD0xU&pp=sAQA

69.  Céline Dion - Berceuse (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PDntuhmIGc&pp=sAQA

70.  Céline Dion - Best of All (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDDrU_ewZCs&pp=sAQA

71.  Céline Dion - Blue Christmas (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xb4Z4pxvgWs&pp=sAQA

72.  Céline Dion - Boundaries (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FA-JhqNWmE&pp=sAQA

73.  Céline Dion - Brahms' Lullaby (Official Audio) (1689970).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2HR0VR5X2Q&pp=sAQA

74.  Céline Dion - Brahms' Lullaby (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtFXS_Ewfcg&pp=sAQA

75.  Céline Dion - Breakaway (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mS76fAFumtk&pp=sAQA

76.  Céline Dion - Call the Man (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq9_DMbrmpA&pp=sAQA

77.  Céline Dion - Call the Man (VIDEO - live performance 1997).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dL3-RExDlU4&pp=sAQA

78.  Céline Dion - Can't Fight the Feelin' (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQFbt3NKzh8&pp=sAQA

79.  Céline Dion - Celle qui m'a tout appris (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmyAH0B3jfE&pp=sAQA

80.  Céline Dion - Change My Mind (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6CvEAVNUR-Q&pp=sAQA

81.  Céline Dion - Cherche encore (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjOzAEyyZu0&pp=sAQA

82.  Céline Dion - Christmas Eve (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIr727GvpKI&pp=sAQA

83.  Céline Dion - Come to Me (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jJ5U71tPC0&pp=sAQA

84.  Céline Dion - Comme Un Coeur Froid (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ij33TOFO_Jo&pp=sAQA

85.  Céline Dion - Conclusion of Sans Attendre EPK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rifDOiAsXSo&pp=sAQA

86.  Céline Dion - Contre nature (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AErnhb-rNo&pp=sAQA

87.  Céline Dion - Coulda Woulda Shoulda (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPofyjLmGQU&pp=sAQA

88.  Céline Dion - Courage (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2lhb9IaRK8&pp=sAQA

89.  Céline Dion - Courage (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN-ZHOHmvcw&pp=sAQA

90.  Céline Dion - Courage Making the Album.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JryiVy8Wkc&pp=sAQA

91.  Céline Dion - Courage Studio Session - Courage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qljIhM8VTg&pp=sAQA

92.  Céline Dion - Courage Studio Session - Flying On My Own.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgppo5qdGUY&pp=sAQA

93.  Céline Dion - Courage Studio Sessions - Nobody's Watching.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIG9jd0Bmyo&pp=sAQA

94.  Céline Dion - Courage Video Behind the Scenes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzYEvsUpHOo&pp=sAQA

95.  Céline Dion - D'Abord, C'est Quoi L'amour (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ey3Cf0JM-ww&pp=sAQA

96.  Céline Dion - Dans un autre monde (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sePhd58Pvkk&pp=sAQA

97.  Céline Dion - Dans un autre monde - Derrière les coulisses (Behind-the-scenes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcYcER8Bjgc&pp=sAQA

98.  Céline Dion - Declaration of Love (Live in Memphis, 1997).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tO1qCEP3Rxg&pp=sAQA

99.  Céline Dion - Declaration of Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFosXHC6MKk&pp=sAQA

100.  Céline Dion - Des milliers de baisers (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTfcBPk7bgw&pp=sAQA

101.  Céline Dion - Des mots qui sonnent (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6-YnElyq1o&pp=sAQA

102.  Céline Dion - Destin (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxui9Oef93Y&pp=sAQA

103.  Céline Dion - Destin (Live à Paris 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kiQFjL2Ckw&pp=sAQA

104.  Céline Dion - Did You Give Enough Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKoQBbHxwiQ&pp=sAQA

105.  Céline Dion - Didn't Know Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRoqJli9Jc0&pp=sAQA

106.  Céline Dion - Don't Save It All for Christmas Day (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdRncshZ4Vw&pp=sAQA

107.  Céline Dion - Dreamin' of You (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLybxD-TUeA&pp=sAQA

108.  Céline Dion - Dressing Room Rehearsal (from the film Through The Eyes Of The World).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJhAO8Nvi9E&pp=sAQA

109.  Céline Dion - Délivre-Moi (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DdTnFJYq_c&pp=sAQA

110.  Céline Dion - En attendant ses pas (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_XNoMScvNw&pp=sAQA

111.  Céline Dion - Encore un soir (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bLD0tVep9M&pp=sAQA

112.  Céline Dion - Encore un soir (Interview-English).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjDgGGr6Mrk&pp=sAQA

113.  Céline Dion - Encore un soir (Lyric).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxyahDOtqZw&pp=sAQA

114.  Céline Dion - Encore un soir EPK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFar5_siZhY&pp=sAQA

115.  Céline Dion - EPK segment La mer et l'enfant (Sans Attendre EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVnDj9lwnX0&pp=sAQA

116.  Céline Dion - EPK segment Le miracle (Sans Attendre EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TswdRpUUUP4&pp=sAQA

117.  Céline Dion - EPK segment Moi quand je pleure (Sans Attendre EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=merOFxfr5b0&pp=sAQA

118.  Céline Dion - EPK segment Parler à mon père (Sans Attendre EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLXhCMgTEJs&pp=sAQA

119.  Céline Dion - EPK segment Tant de temps (Sans Attendre EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGBXY3wyNHQ&pp=sAQA

120.  Céline Dion - Et je t'aime encore (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDjerZiwAFk&pp=sAQA

121.  Céline Dion - Et je t'aime encore (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGrAFILbfVI&pp=sAQA

122.  Céline Dion - Et s'il n'en restait qu'une (je serais celle-là) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiJK81WMxv8&pp=sAQA

123.  Céline Dion - Everybody's Talkin' My Baby Down (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InCM18HJLnU&pp=sAQA

124.  Céline Dion - Eyes on Me (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDzuL4lBk3k&pp=sAQA

125.  Céline Dion - Eyes on Me (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkaPEusxh4A&pp=sAQA

126.  Céline Dion - Eyes On Me (VIDEO - live on tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L4-uuLgdHSU&pp=sAQA

127.  Céline Dion - Fade Away (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWgK09m-650&pp=sAQA

128.  Céline Dion - Fade Away (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHm0ZRQUjMk&pp=sAQA

129.  Céline Dion - Faith (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UmzTZSY01g&pp=sAQA

130.  Céline Dion - Falling In Love Again (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PASAYTTLZDQ&pp=sAQA

131.  Céline Dion - Falling Into You (Official Remastered HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tWMCGRWr-Y&pp=sAQA

132.  Céline Dion - Feliz Navidad (from the 1998 These are Special Times TV special).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMTu5tXkHmA&pp=sAQA

133.  Céline Dion - Feliz Navidad (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwFD6dCV82w&pp=sAQA

134.  Céline Dion - Femme comme chacune (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0FYCi9wv_Q&pp=sAQA

135.  Céline Dion - Fly (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i11qQoHuLi0&pp=sAQA

136.  Céline Dion - Flying On My Own (Dave Audé Remix) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFHFtvEmyWE&pp=sAQA

137.  Céline Dion - Flying On My Own (Live from Las Vegas).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzPrxI0AIDY&pp=sAQA

138.  Céline Dion - Flying On My Own (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts0d_me8JQs&pp=sAQA

139.  Céline Dion - For The Lover That I Lost (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZuUkDsGnDw&pp=sAQA

140.  Céline Dion - Forget Me Not (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKDtQonq5yo&pp=sAQA

141.  Céline Dion - Goodbye's (The Saddest Word) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4I3TxyYDcSw&pp=sAQA

142.  Céline Dion - Halfway To Heaven (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hct9KL0Mhak&pp=sAQA

143.  Céline Dion - Happy Xmas (War Is Over) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73-mmd7RyS0&pp=sAQA

144.  Céline Dion - Have A Heart (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GU1WOsFMO1U&pp=sAQA

145.  Céline Dion - Have You Ever Been In Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8Tgw0V2XkQ&pp=sAQA

146.  Céline Dion - Have You Ever Been In Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WP1kBoj2DUs&pp=sAQA

147.  Céline Dion - Heart of Glass (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9Wn60rj8eg&pp=sAQA

148.  Céline Dion - Hits Medley (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvu28pKql8g&pp=sAQA

149.  Céline Dion - Holiday Greetings 2016 - English.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cym0T05imK8&pp=sAQA

150.  Céline Dion - How Did You Get Here (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZEvV1ECE8M&pp=sAQA

151.  Céline Dion - How Do You Keep the Music Playing (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjX5JP5YsyE&pp=sAQA

152.  Céline Dion - I Don't Know (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wjvlsbKxrY&pp=sAQA

153.  Céline Dion - I Drove All Night (from the 2007 DVD Live In Las Vegas - A New Day...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6kLgSPGWuM&pp=sAQA

154.  Céline Dion - I Drove All Night (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvz_gW5C2cY&pp=sAQA

155.  Céline Dion - I Drove All Night (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MFE2x9LO5M&pp=sAQA

156.  Céline Dion - I Feel Too Much (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tNnaXzGiSI&pp=sAQA

157.  Céline Dion - I Got Nothin' Left (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fUGhri0UCW0&pp=sAQA

158.  Céline Dion - I Know What Love Is (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhgWXqmBmZE&pp=sAQA

159.  Céline Dion - I Love You (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAeUm1kJrlI&pp=sAQA

160.  Céline Dion - I Love You Goodbye (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjkPf-FSHnU&pp=sAQA

161.  Céline Dion - I Met an Angel (on Christmas Day) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taLTF_1_-74&pp=sAQA

162.  Céline Dion - I Remember L.A. (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVaUx_0KVZo&pp=sAQA

163.  Céline Dion - I Surrender (from the 2007 DVD Live In Las Vegas - A New Day...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PFgbLnUcZE&pp=sAQA

164.  Céline Dion - I Surrender (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnjGqS1Doto&pp=sAQA

165.  Céline Dion - I Want You To Need Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKtI6y6H4s4&pp=sAQA

166.  Céline Dion - I Will Be Stronger (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caR0sL9bY2o&pp=sAQA

167.  Céline Dion - I Wish (from the 2007 DVD Live In Las Vegas - A New Day...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JL4cfJLY2N0&pp=sAQA

168.  Céline Dion - I'm Alive (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s36VIoAJRB0&pp=sAQA

169.  Céline Dion - I'm Alive (Official Video) (1020682).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJsa6-y4sDs&pp=sAQA

170.  Céline Dion - I'm Alive (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek4VxNqXbG0&pp=sAQA

171.  Céline Dion - I'm Alive (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kyQbNlqoSc&pp=sAQA

172.  Céline Dion - I'm Loving Every Moment With You (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wUIzVzcqDg&pp=sAQA

173.  Céline Dion - If I Could (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-vs8fuw43E&pp=sAQA

174.  Céline Dion - If I Were You (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVwY8VfdLGw&pp=sAQA

175.  Céline Dion - If Love Is Out of the Question (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4awkgPd-30&pp=sAQA

176.  Céline Dion - If That's What It Takes (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIBf7lv-FnM&pp=sAQA

177.  Céline Dion - If Walls Could Talk (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf-vX3Czzbo&pp=sAQA

178.  Céline Dion - If We Could Start Over (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMvkUKF_IfQ&pp=sAQA

179.  Céline Dion - If You Asked Me To (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bKuXbnGDqI&pp=sAQA

180.  Céline Dion - If You Could See Me Now (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHguELMcDeg&pp=sAQA

181.  Céline Dion - Immensité (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-1s0mb5aaA&pp=sAQA

182.  Céline Dion - Immortality (Official Video) ft. Bee Gees.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdYaGt_sm3Q&pp=sAQA

183.  Céline Dion - Imperfections (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6vkuVonK2Q&pp=sAQA

184.  Céline Dion - Imperfections (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8EokLztgMo&pp=sAQA

185.  Céline Dion - In His Touch (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZxvk6qWx-Y&pp=sAQA

186.  Céline Dion - In Some Small Way (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyZLDtar4Xc&pp=sAQA

187.  Céline Dion - Incognito (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVzJw2PeSE4&pp=sAQA

188.  Céline Dion - Incredible (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CajRHOIFFqs&pp=sAQA

189.  Céline Dion - Incredible (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvO5z5tx4ZA&pp=sAQA

190.  Céline Dion - Intro to Sans Attendre EPK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBMWJxbtGQQ&pp=sAQA

191.  Céline Dion - It's All Coming Back to Me Now (Official Extended Remastered HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8fHNdrZTSI&pp=sAQA

192.  Céline Dion - It's All Coming Back To Me Now (Official Remastered HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oe9VB8t3m2w&pp=sAQA

193.  Céline Dion - It's All Coming Back to Me Now Video Behind the Scenes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFfdqgSVpg0&pp=sAQA

194.  Céline Dion - J'ai besoin d'un chum (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQFC11aVHgI&pp=sAQA

195.  Céline Dion - J'attendais (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiTVKYVMu3g&pp=sAQA

196.  Céline Dion - J'attendais (Live à Paris 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzuNPXVPIgo&pp=sAQA

197.  Céline Dion - J'irai où tu iras (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J3wIDAaLSU&pp=sAQA

198.  Céline Dion - Je chanterai (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYO2LwRAGTk&pp=sAQA

199.  Céline Dion - Je chanterai - Derrière les coulisses (Behind-the-scenes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlHW6eNWk1E&pp=sAQA

200.  Céline Dion - Je cherche l'ombre (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vf9XY-eZgAk&pp=sAQA

201.  Céline Dion - Je crois toi (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEVwSZnMDkk&pp=sAQA

202.  Céline Dion - Je crois toi - Derrière les coulisses (Behind-the-scenes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tV4h0CBDxxw&pp=sAQA

203.  Céline Dion - Je lui dirai (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEZZbB8q2GM&pp=sAQA

204.  Céline Dion - Je n'ai pas besoin d'amour (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5NLBTG3lnA&pp=sAQA

205.  Céline Dion - Je ne suis pas celle (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLHU8AX25mU&pp=sAQA

206.  Céline Dion - Je ne vous oublie pas (VIDEO for DVD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ym0AxpMdtFQ&pp=sAQA

207.  Céline Dion - Je nous veux (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZ8zU1gvWeQ&pp=sAQA

208.  Céline Dion - Je sais pas (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCsuKp9ewLY&pp=sAQA

209.  Céline Dion - Je sais pas (Live à Paris 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5dDGugFZX4&pp=sAQA

210.  Céline Dion - Jours De Fièvre (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Fq1KR6iFJs&pp=sAQA

211.  Céline Dion - Just a Little Bit of Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtZa00cjmo0&pp=sAQA

212.  Céline Dion - Just Walk Away (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcUK2zkbQg0&pp=sAQA

213.  Céline Dion - L'abandon (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YGWeQdQ33M&pp=sAQA

214.  Céline Dion - L'amour existe encore (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mL6G2ZjCtHY&pp=sAQA

215.  Céline Dion - L'amour existe encore (Live à Paris 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-u13u2DSHI&pp=sAQA

216.  Céline Dion - L'étoile (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlGdO2fZ48w&pp=sAQA

217.  Céline Dion - L'étoile (Lyric).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKtwPqLUFgI&pp=sAQA

218.  Céline Dion - La diva (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50I0SvPMmDE&pp=sAQA

219.  Céline Dion - La memoire d'Abraham (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UToyU-rYvc&pp=sAQA

220.  Céline Dion - La mer et l'enfant (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gE3_qziaRd0&pp=sAQA

221.  Céline Dion - Le ballet (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5alj9EX9cM&pp=sAQA

222.  Céline Dion - Le ballet (Live à Paris 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5VplPqo93A&pp=sAQA

223.  Céline Dion - Le blues du businessman (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDVVi34AV-Y&pp=sAQA

224.  Céline Dion - Le blues du businessman (Live à Paris 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAOwMUy1iws&pp=sAQA

225.  Céline Dion - Le bonheur en face (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmJbqTZD7d8&pp=sAQA

226.  Céline Dion - Le fils de Superman (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OooanM7XAw&pp=sAQA

227.  Céline Dion - Le loup, la biche et le chevalier (une chanson douce) (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4HYWHknINI&pp=sAQA

228.  Céline Dion - Le miracle (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRpBUbyuWkQ&pp=sAQA

229.  Céline Dion - Le miracle (fan version video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bDceJSvRpw&pp=sAQA

230.  Céline Dion - Le monde est stone (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36CUEp1AXiQ&pp=sAQA

231.  Céline Dion - Le temps qui compte (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qr-ZKGR9pdM&pp=sAQA

232.  Céline Dion - Les derniers seront les premiers (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeUj5fyjtos&pp=sAQA

233.  Céline Dion - Les paradis (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXvdmShQNEA&pp=sAQA

234.  Céline Dion - Les petits pieds de Léa (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-6U2JqnzY8&pp=sAQA

235.  Céline Dion - Les session studio Courage - The Chase.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmccqPMYllI&pp=sAQA

236.  Céline Dion - Les sessions studio Courage - Courage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hI2P1HCauTo&pp=sAQA

237.  Céline Dion - Les sessions studio Courage - Flying On My Own.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zxRVDGL3CI&pp=sAQA

238.  Céline Dion - Les sessions studio Courage - Nobody's Watching.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuENbRaoIOM&pp=sAQA

239.  Céline Dion - Les uns contre les autres (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmYPomX8zCM&pp=sAQA

240.  Céline Dion - Les yeux au ciel (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ae-hBD3jvFM&pp=sAQA

241.  Céline Dion - Let's Talk About Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVmYspx9qnI&pp=sAQA

242.  Céline Dion - Lettre de George Sand à Alfred de Musset (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kei1fxm6XtM&pp=sAQA

243.  Céline Dion - Little Bit of Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ekGDhwub98&pp=sAQA

244.  Céline Dion - Look at Us Now (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXqQc9UYZsY&pp=sAQA

245.  Céline Dion - Love By Another Name (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmqJPkM7KVw&pp=sAQA

246.  Céline Dion - Love Can Move Mountains (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYDqs44QCVU&pp=sAQA

247.  Céline Dion - Love Can Move Mountains.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iudvkW7_b1c&pp=sAQA

248.  Céline Dion - Love Doesn't Ask Why (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysYcaN1HU6Y&pp=sAQA

249.  Céline Dion - Love Is All We Need (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vN6VJVBg4Q&pp=sAQA

250.  Céline Dion - Love Is On the Way (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xiRZqP-q7s&pp=sAQA

251.  Céline Dion - Loved Me Back to Life (Live in Quebec City).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOown9q6YQU&pp=sAQA

252.  Céline Dion - Loved Me Back to Life (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4f5KuRXtjeE&pp=sAQA

253.  Céline Dion - Loved Me Back to Life (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKpbV_lzBUQ&pp=sAQA

254.  Céline Dion - Lovers Never Die (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NGY3q0TF28&pp=sAQA

255.  Céline Dion - Lovin' Proof (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq0PVaoD06M&pp=sAQA

256.  Céline Dion - Lullabye (Goodnight, My Angel) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SBDVWronWI&pp=sAQA

257.  Céline Dion - Lying Down (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AhjDwMXcR4&pp=sAQA

258.  Céline Dion - Ma faille (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HEejVBKtgg&pp=sAQA

259.  Céline Dion - Ma force (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GJ0tLviyj0&pp=sAQA

260.  Céline Dion - Make You Happy (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvyi3deTRGI&pp=sAQA

261.  Céline Dion - Making of At Seventeen (EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBKkohnZzHI&pp=sAQA

262.  Céline Dion - Making of Didn't Know Love (EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYYFvdny-iQ&pp=sAQA

263.  Céline Dion - Making of Incredible (duet with Ne-Yo) (EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqznAO_jkRY&pp=sAQA

264.  Céline Dion - Making of Loved Me Back to Life (EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PQsczDWZDU&pp=sAQA

265.  Céline Dion - Making of Somebody Loves Somebody (EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzkJf9899rs&pp=sAQA

266.  Céline Dion - Making of Unfinished Songs (EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNN8lB6Gb_Y&pp=sAQA

267.  Céline Dion - Making of Water and a Flame (EPK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvo611lgvvo&pp=sAQA

268.  Céline Dion - Message to Richard Dunn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKavui_1YnQ&pp=sAQA

269.  Céline Dion - Miles to Go (Before I Sleep) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOKlcZFPiCM&pp=sAQA

270.  Céline Dion - Miracle (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LOkyCwDSsk&pp=sAQA

271.  Céline Dion - Misled (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c1vuzMuOF7g&pp=sAQA

272.  Céline Dion - Moi quand je pleure (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtY6sXEYlvQ&pp=sAQA

273.  Céline Dion - Mon homme (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJcHRybI8rg&pp=sAQA

274.  Céline Dion - My Heart Will Go On (from the 2007 DVD Live In Las Vegas - A New Day...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNIPqafd4As&pp=sAQA

275.  Céline Dion - My Heart Will Go On (Live on Billboard Music Awards 2017) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGU7NMxboNE&pp=sAQA

276.  Céline Dion - My Heart Will Go On (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNsm2P0l_7Y&pp=sAQA

277.  Céline Dion - My Heart Will Go On (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAuRoAUV19o&pp=sAQA

278.  Céline Dion - My Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpIwzsz7ttA&pp=sAQA

279.  Céline Dion - My Love (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dwvl7vLrTIU&pp=sAQA

280.  Céline Dion - My Love (Video - Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jjR5ykr2Jg&pp=sAQA

281.  Céline Dion - My Precious One (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-w_fSPRwOU&pp=sAQA

282.  Céline Dion - Mélanie (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCKFB17GXWE&pp=sAQA

283.  Céline Dion - Naked (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dMdOKQFS2g&pp=sAQA

284.  Céline Dion - Nature Boy (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8goJPN3N6Q&pp=sAQA

285.  Céline Dion - Ne bouge pas (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqDXVGA0g4I&pp=sAQA

286.  Céline Dion - Ne me quitte pas (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1EMXkF5s0g&pp=sAQA

287.  Céline Dion - New Dawn (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ne4PgTow5rU&pp=sAQA

288.  Céline Dion - Next Plane Out (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaPwnlrPLgs&pp=sAQA

289.  Céline Dion - No Living Without Loving You (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHwKmuH4Rjc&pp=sAQA

290.  Céline Dion - Nobody's Watching (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwgw3lruIH8&pp=sAQA

291.  Céline Dion - Nothing Broken But My Heart (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80At3a_u8hk&pp=sAQA

292.  Céline Dion - O Holy Night (from the 1998 These are Special Times TV special).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1oLk54R5Xg&pp=sAQA

293.  Céline Dion - O Holy Night (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsWUWzai8P8&pp=sAQA

294.  Céline Dion - On ne change pas (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2IQX5gp8aw&pp=sAQA

295.  Céline Dion - On ne change pas (VIDEO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tOsUgwBgko&pp=sAQA

296.  Céline Dion - On ne change pas - Derrière les coulisses (Behind-the-scenes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COunhYcYZcI&pp=sAQA

297.  Céline Dion - On s'est aimé à cause (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RI_0UquhHGE&pp=sAQA

298.  Céline Dion - On Traverse Un Mirroir (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUPGm8tSe7E&pp=sAQA

299.  Céline Dion - One Heart (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDlMCp9qgFM&pp=sAQA

300.  Céline Dion - Only One Road (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=przJ8xNAJ1Y&pp=sAQA

301.  Céline Dion - Ordinaire (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fx7Hg7w4eyI&pp=sAQA

302.  Céline Dion - Overjoyed (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xe2mJ4de2Js&pp=sAQA

303.  Céline Dion - Oxygène (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMkmR5GYG8w&pp=sAQA

304.  Céline Dion - Papillon (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfRahIBwMHY&pp=sAQA

305.  Céline Dion - Papillon - Derrière les coulisses (Behind-the-scenes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZtCeKHChlM&pp=sAQA

306.  Céline Dion - Parler à mon père (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LTsjwiTN7w&pp=sAQA

307.  Céline Dion - Parler à mon père (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNLGvzCymqQ&pp=sAQA

308.  Céline Dion - Parler à mon père (Preview).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNd5Cp__Fk0&pp=sAQA

309.  Céline Dion - Partout Je Vois (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzCtM2729f0&pp=sAQA

310.  Céline Dion - Perfect Goodbye (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1c5QdCFZ3E0&pp=sAQA

311.  Céline Dion - Piaf chanterait du rock (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Np8GjRLRak&pp=sAQA

312.  Céline Dion - Plus qu'ailleurs (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzIIB1SBE6Q&pp=sAQA

313.  Céline Dion - Pour que tu m'aimes encore (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzaTyxMduH4&pp=sAQA

314.  Céline Dion - Pour que tu m'aimes encore (Live à Paris 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npcjJqJDMVw&pp=sAQA

315.  Céline Dion - Pour que tu m'aimes encore (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqDUjghMBMQ&pp=sAQA

316.  Céline Dion - Prayer (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFt7FDMP0_s&pp=sAQA

317.  Céline Dion - Prière païenne (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1KtPpmmM0Bs&pp=sAQA

318.  Céline Dion - Prière païenne (Live à Paris 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJ7zUNkzQdU&pp=sAQA

319.  Céline Dion - Quand on n'a que l'amour (Live à Paris 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0wzaDBRWvw&pp=sAQA

320.  Céline Dion - Quelqu'un qui j'aime, quelqu'un qui m'aime (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PIvn3OWve4&pp=sAQA

321.  Céline Dion - Qui peut vivre sans amour (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUerI5OFf7k&pp=sAQA

322.  Céline Dion - Rain, Tax (It's Inevitable) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42j573poiiA&pp=sAQA

323.  Céline Dion - Real Emotion (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIJDxVbMSOI&pp=sAQA

324.  Céline Dion - Recovering (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnORm4yR7pg&pp=sAQA

325.  Céline Dion - Refuse to Dance (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6wqEeZVD5Y&pp=sAQA

326.  Céline Dion - Regarde-moi (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bN_ebFArUGY&pp=sAQA

327.  Céline Dion - Regarde-moi (Live à Paris 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MF4K-9SWAEI&pp=sAQA

328.  Céline Dion - Reveal (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nu85QW2XOgI&pp=sAQA

329.  Céline Dion - Right In Front of You (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ouoVC8YCZQ&pp=sAQA

330.  Céline Dion - Right Next to the Right One (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0qaig9lEhg&pp=sAQA

331.  Céline Dion - River Deep, Mountain High (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtET-sFF3Bs&pp=sAQA

332.  Céline Dion - River Deep, Mountain High (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2qPXAkNBK4&pp=sAQA

333.  Céline Dion - S'il suffisait d'aimer (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vmHANYQcVw&pp=sAQA

334.  Céline Dion - S'il suffisait d'aimer (Derrière les coulisses  Behind-the-scenes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2FTxSTWz64&pp=sAQA

335.  Céline Dion - Save Your Soul (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQmZ6mWsFuU&pp=sAQA

336.  Céline Dion - Say Yes (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdIESGPiXFw&pp=sAQA

337.  Céline Dion - Seduces Me (Live in Memphis, 1997).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RthY6JDB004&pp=sAQA

338.  Céline Dion - Seduces Me (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAry-FhRZPg&pp=sAQA

339.  Céline Dion - Shadow of Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmRKUkHWxeY&pp=sAQA

340.  Céline Dion - Shadow of Love (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuxQzvVAtjc&pp=sAQA

341.  Céline Dion - Show Some Emotion (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sECdHO2hEdA&pp=sAQA

342.  Céline Dion - Si c'était à refaire (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8hlX8FHjSU&pp=sAQA

343.  Céline Dion - Si j'étais quelqu'un (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hY9KYKPXqI&pp=sAQA

344.  Céline Dion - Si je n'ai rien de toi (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QfTsqaD5uc&pp=sAQA

345.  Céline Dion - Skies of L.A. (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSH9zuxDAeg&pp=sAQA

346.  Céline Dion - Sleep Tight (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKy3RJD-53s&pp=sAQA

347.  Céline Dion - Somebody Loves Somebody (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLxRD-nmP1E&pp=sAQA

348.  Céline Dion - Sorry for Love (2003 Version) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xUeKS_93KA&pp=sAQA

349.  Céline Dion - Sorry for Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7mEpR8sqsU&pp=sAQA

350.  Céline Dion - Soul (Official Audio - Japanese Bonus Track).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RItm4jZCfuc&pp=sAQA

351.  Céline Dion - Stand By Your Side (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bV8myC1H1cQ&pp=sAQA

352.  Céline Dion - Super Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kVCu3k8p-Y&pp=sAQA

353.  Céline Dion - Sur le même bateau (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_iTKoemg9E&pp=sAQA

354.  Céline Dion - Sur le même bateau - Derrière les coulisses (Behind-the-scenes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6sbBwoLGlo&pp=sAQA

355.  Céline Dion - Surprise Surprise (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XK1DotwaIbg&pp=sAQA

356.  Céline Dion - Taking Chances (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKYKNZvQ6Jc&pp=sAQA

357.  Céline Dion - Taking Chances (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msYezue7yf4&pp=sAQA

358.  Céline Dion - Tant de temps (duo Henri Salvador) (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13u633vbAVY&pp=sAQA

359.  Céline Dion - Teaser Video - Loved Me Back to Life (In-studio footage).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZsT9rWG6-M&pp=sAQA

360.  Céline Dion - Ten Days (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JDEizllXbk&pp=sAQA

361.  Céline Dion - Terre (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EUc4mZDmbs&pp=sAQA

362.  Céline Dion - Terre - Derrière les coulisses (Behind-the-scenes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LurIlNfOs1A&pp=sAQA

363.  Céline Dion - Thank You (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yomf00wtKxw&pp=sAQA

364.  Céline Dion - Thankful (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snDcxiePeg4&pp=sAQA

365.  Céline Dion - That's Just the Woman in Me (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owI5kdZQtpM&pp=sAQA

366.  Céline Dion - That's The Way It Is (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6wbugWrfLU&pp=sAQA

367.  Céline Dion - The Chase (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oe-hPEdzyic&pp=sAQA

368.  Céline Dion - The Christmas Song (Chestnuts Roasting on an Open Fire) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_lFzLIA-C0&pp=sAQA

369.  Céline Dion - The Colour of My Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7UvJUZ_08Uk&pp=sAQA

370.  Céline Dion - The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIK4xZHkvO0&pp=sAQA

371.  Céline Dion - The Greatest Reward (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbtFoOOUCgQ&pp=sAQA

372.  Céline Dion - The Hard Way (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgKbcEGTXBA&pp=sAQA

373.  Céline Dion - The Last To Know (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbzKVVkkPvc&pp=sAQA

374.  Céline Dion - The Magic of Christmas Day (God Bless Us Everyone) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5wyun2AZQ8&pp=sAQA

375.  Céline Dion - The Power Of Love (from the 2007 DVD Live In Las Vegas - A New Day...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xEB1wIy4OE&pp=sAQA

376.  Céline Dion - The Power Of Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8HOfcYWZoo&pp=sAQA

377.  Céline Dion - The Power of Love (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5bX5K76Hag&pp=sAQA

378.  Céline Dion - The Show Must Go On (Audio) ft. Lindsey Stirling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNuaToTYn7s&pp=sAQA

379.  Céline Dion - Then You Look At Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYjqojwp2hQ&pp=sAQA

380.  Céline Dion - There Comes a Time (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCNJfZ9O1Is&pp=sAQA

381.  Céline Dion - These Are the Special Times (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_g-yvDAGtA&pp=sAQA

382.  Céline Dion - Think Twice (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGwIaL0jOUg&pp=sAQA

383.  Céline Dion - This Time (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MSRtIei59Y&pp=sAQA

384.  Céline Dion - To Love You More (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLeYvefzUFA&pp=sAQA

385.  Céline Dion - Tous les blues sont écrits pour toi (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ai_SclThBzA&pp=sAQA

386.  Céline Dion - Tout l'or des hommes (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRr9v-23RH4&pp=sAQA

387.  Céline Dion - Toutes ces choses (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbLNCLUMxCo&pp=sAQA

388.  Céline Dion - Trailer for Celine Une seule fois  Live 2013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFJZ1bscR6A&pp=sAQA

389.  Céline Dion - Treat Her Like a Lady (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5r872hlVdg&pp=sAQA

390.  Céline Dion - Trois heures vingt (Lyric).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uv_1nSsSH4Y&pp=sAQA

391.  Céline Dion - Tu sauras (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPepGWhwv7w&pp=sAQA

392.  Céline Dion - Un garçon pas comme les autres (Ziggy) (Live à Paris 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSTP1sZBl64&pp=sAQA

393.  Céline Dion - Une chance qu'on s'a (duo Jean-Pierre Ferland) (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihrylax-7PA&pp=sAQA

394.  Céline Dion - Unfinished Songs (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZ4lRArsZQw&pp=sAQA

395.  Céline Dion - Unison (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u92Sb5zd8_w&pp=sAQA

396.  Céline Dion - Us (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aq-23-bost0&pp=sAQA

397.  Céline Dion - Voeux Fêtes 2016 - Français.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36EIFmoJ2EY&pp=sAQA

398.  Céline Dion - Vole (Audio officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2h7NQWf5ITg&pp=sAQA

399.  Céline Dion - Vole (Live à Paris 1995).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJA9bLAXHSk&pp=sAQA

400.  Céline Dion - Water and a Flame (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgMsjqjWh78&pp=sAQA

401.  Céline Dion - Water from the Moon (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNnjt0-DvpA&pp=sAQA

402.  Céline Dion - What a Wonderful World (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_8hekotQDY&pp=sAQA

403.  Céline Dion - When I Fall In Love (Official Video) ft. Clive Griffin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUTH1plKYhw&pp=sAQA

404.  Céline Dion - When I Need You (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMyF6MEMNIY&pp=sAQA

405.  Céline Dion - When the Wrong One Loves You Right (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awzsOUUjw3w&pp=sAQA

406.  Céline Dion - Where Does My Heart Beat Now (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hij_QxDkIJI&pp=sAQA

407.  Céline Dion - Where Is the Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btC-u3d9-9w&pp=sAQA

408.  Céline Dion - Why Oh Why (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qN567XNw5D4&pp=sAQA

409.  Céline Dion - You And I (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-svA2ca6FY&pp=sAQA

410.  Céline Dion - Your Light (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwD7V95V-B4&pp=sAQA

411.  Céline Dion - Ziggy (Un Garçon Pas Comme les Autres).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZXJijki9ik&pp=sAQA

412.  Céline Dion - Zora sourit (Clip officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UhkSnWee2Y&pp=sAQA

413.  Céline Dion - Zora sourit - Derrière les coulisses (Behind-the-scenes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yODndMyh5Q&pp=sAQA

414.  Céline Dion - À la plus haute branche (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0R2x6z1y7k&pp=sAQA

415.  Céline Dion - À vous (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUStpPGbM1o&pp=sAQA

416.  Céline Dion 50 ans  Céline Dion 50th.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6noRQAQiKpk&pp=sAQA

417.  Céline Dion 50 ans - 7 jours édition spéciale.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUWKE3YDk6I&pp=sAQA

418.  Céline Dion Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIV348ZiNLE&pp=sAQA

419.  CÉLINE DION LIVE 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zyVBmN9F9w&pp=sAQA

420.  Céline Dion Live 2018 (1413106).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCYvQtCxX8c&pp=sAQA

421.  Céline Dion Live 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKHW1dyCkCs&pp=sAQA

422.  CÉLINE DION PREMIERES NEW SONG ‘ASHES’  CÉLINE DION PERFORME ASHES POUR LA PREMIÈRE FOIS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZV23Jy7Lw0c&pp=sAQA

423.  Céline Dion rétrospectiveretrospective 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWE0vnMAgvQ&pp=sAQA

424.  Céline Dion Summer Tour 2016 - Rehearsal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoQLg42Wdig&pp=sAQA

425.  Céline Dion Tournée estivale - En répétition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6n5j1Nbs4E&pp=sAQA

426.  Céline Dion Tournée estivale 2016 - Musiciens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lH_remE-EYw&pp=sAQA

427.  Céline Dion Tournée estivale 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJJBzQiMgHA&pp=sAQA

428.  Céline Dion, Andrea Bocelli - The Prayer (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8DGuvab_Lc&pp=sAQA

429.  Céline Dion, Andrea Bocelli - These Are Special Times (Full Album Yule Log Edition) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYFGm5xsXgs&pp=sAQA

430.  Céline Dion, Peabo Bryson - Beauty and the Beast (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ippaCca4L6A&pp=sAQA

431.  Happy Holidays!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zt2uT0RsHjE&pp=sAQA

432.  Holiday Playlist  Céline Dion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ha4fOCRuXY&pp=sAQA

433.  How Does A Moment Last Forever  Beauty and the Beast  La Belle et la Bête.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bq1L7eIxoGI&pp=sAQA

434.  I Hate You Then I Love You (Duet with Luciano Pavarotti) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw0BuuWUVTE&pp=sAQA

435.  Interview with Rene - 10 million albums sold for The Colour Of My Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHF-UH0HkFU&pp=sAQA

436.  It's All Coming Back To Me Now (from the 2007 DVD Live In Las Vegas - A New Day...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8QmRL4jDTg&pp=sAQA

437.  It's All Coming Back to Me Now... With Instagram. (Extended version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEmuQFjyY1c&pp=sAQA

438.  Joyeuses fêtes!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-U1eXS1XOrY&pp=sAQA

439.  Let's take care of each other  a personal message from Celine Dion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVWiPFzMJFA&pp=sAQA

440.  Liste des Fêtes  Céline Dion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRJ8U8rg7Kc&pp=sAQA

441.  Partagez vos 'Histoires de Maman' sur CelineDion.com.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DLTE38RkXk&pp=sAQA

442.  Prenons soin les uns des autres  un message de Céline Dion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8Ay9xp-uDE&pp=sAQA

443.  René Angélil - 1942-2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1E0BjhYGVd0&pp=sAQA

444.  Share your 'Stories of Motherhood' on CelineDion.com.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tYuvGssy9w&pp=sAQA

445.  Sola otra vez (All By Myself - Spanish Version) (Official Remastered HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9MdeL2XPbk&pp=sAQA

446.  The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face (from the 1998 These are Special Times TV special).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPTAzLc8zKg&pp=sAQA

447.  The Prayer (virtual duet with Andrea Bocelli) (Taking Chances World Tour The Concert).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA7Juz345rI&pp=sAQA

448.  Tous les blues sont écrits pour toi - Derrière les coulisses (Behind-the-scenes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0syh38OV00&pp=sAQA

449.  When I Fall in Love (from the TriStar film, Sleepless In Seattle) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fT4vFaIzggA&pp=sAQA

450.  ?Celine's New Vegas Show  Nouveau spectacle de Céline à Las Vegas - Goldfinger?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEz6MAyiGu4&pp=sAQA

451.  ?Celine's New Vegas Show  Nouveau spectacle de Céline à Las Vegas - Ne me quitte pas?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vRlWsYaPyfw&pp=sAQA
Celine Dion