
.ts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Alais_Clay/All_Songs_on_Bandcamp/.ts/.ts.txt




Aho featuring McAD
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/aho-featuring-mcad

Alais Clay + Steve Gra
Alais Clay + Steve Grant

Alais Clay + Steve Grant Colla
Alais Clay + Steve Grant Collabs

Aunque No Me Digas Nada
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/aunque-no-me-digas-nada

Babylon Falls
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/babylon-falls

Back To Land [feat. Vandana Shiva sample}
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/back-to-land-feat-vandana-shiva-sample

Calling All Warriors
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/calling-all-warriors

Came Here To Do
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/came-here-to-do

Came Here To Say
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/came-here-to-say

Coals Into Diamonds
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/coals-into-diamonds

Cut The Ties feat. GhostRyder
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/cut-the-ties-feat-ghostryder

Cut the Ties ft. GhostRyder & Steve Grant
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/cut-the-ties-ft-ghostryder-steve-grant

Deadly Rain
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/deadly-rain

Elevated Frequenci
Elevated Frequencies

Empire
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/empire

End of an E
End of an Era

Esta Experiencia
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/esta-experiencia

Eyes Wide Open
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/eyes-wide-open

Firme En La Lucha
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/firme-en-la-lucha

Gather All Around
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/gather-all-around

Globalización feat. Zaravil
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/globalizaci-n-feat-zaravil

Heat Brewin' featuring Mike Wird
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/heat-brewin-featuring-mike-wird

Heavy Koolaid feat. Payday Monsanto
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/heavy-koolaid-feat-payday-monsanto

Hell No
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/hell-no

In The Light
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/in-the-light

Intro
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/intro

Jungle
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/jungle

Let Go of This Pain
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/let-go-of-this-pain

Log 333 featuring Steve Grant[5star Alais_Clay]
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/log-333-featuring-steve-grant

Log 333[5star Alais_Clay]
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/log-333

Medicine Drum featuring McAD, TOTEM
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/medicine-drum-featuring-mcad-totem

Message
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/message

Mountains We Move
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/mountains-we-move

Neva Gonna Hush Us feat. McAD
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/neva-gonna-hush-us-feat-mcad

New World Police State
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/new-world-police-state

No Lullaby
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/no-lullaby

Otherside
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/otherside

Outta My Way
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/outta-my-way

Pain R.I.P.
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/pain-r-i-p

Perfect Timing
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/perfect-timing

Prayers Coming Through ft. Totem
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/prayers-coming-through-ft-totem

Rainbow Warriors
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/rainbow-warriors

Reach Out feat. Beth Preston
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/reach-out-feat-beth-preston

Ready To Protect
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/ready-to-protect

Reality Check
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/reality-check

Renegade Slave
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/renegade-slave

Resurfacing [Part 
Resurfacing [Part I]

Reverse Hypnos
Reverse Hypnosis

Rise Up feat. DISL Automatic, Heidi D
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/rise-up-feat-disl-automatic-heidi-d

Shine On
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/shine-on

Ship With No Captain
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/ship-with-no-captain

Sleeping Assassin
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/sleeping-assassin

The Middlemen
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/the-middlemen

The Thing About
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/the-thing-about

Thin, Thin Line
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/thin-thin-line

Truth Of Your Power
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/truth-of-your-power

Up To You
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/up-to-you

We Will March
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/we-will-march

We Will Not Rest
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/we-will-not-rest

Whole Different Game
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/whole-different-game

With Earth As My Witness
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/with-earth-as-my-witness

You Are
https://alaisclay.bandcamp.com/track/you-are
All Songs on Bandcamp