
.ts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Music_(52K_Links)/By_Artist_Max's_Favorites/Alais_Clay/Videos_on_Her_youtube_page/.ts/.ts.txt

#TheReturnOfLowkeyChallenge - Alais Clay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X25TKsCYfrw




2014 Wandering Monks - Casualties of War
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtvVX-oz2xg

Alais Clay + Mike Wird - Heat Brewin' LIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpQCk63B2Iw

Alais Clay - 'In The Light'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bab_07mBKqI

Alais Clay - 'Message' (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3Wh1mNdTJY

Alais Clay - Coals Into Diamonds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBV-avF9P-E

Alais Clay - Cut The Ties feat. GhostRyder & Steve Grant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqCvD0416c4

Alais Clay - Deadly Rain [Official Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNpR4TjVPtc

Alais Clay - Mountains We Move LIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xd-1bggHjaI

Alais Clay - Renegade Slave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Q6oqPuzA5k

Alais Clay - We Will March
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8R254Bno5I

Alais Clay live at Convergence 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BO4kBX2pCDc

Alais Clay Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVzwHZ6ovd8

Conversation with Patricia Richards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhNsOU5hLAc

Dixon's Violin live @ ARISE Festival 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmFI0dSSjok

Freedom Movement - God's Land
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Q2ZLxqMLpc

Freedom Movement live 7.9.2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgpnG0ZY8EQ

Jax interviews Water Protector- Janene Hampton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R71bi417eJc

Keith Curley @ ARISE Fest. 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTNloupYIS4

Miaaja Rose & Ashley Willfire cover 'River' @ StarWater Wednesday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXh7OaVtW6U

No Lullaby - Alais Clay [2020]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbBg0VgfnJ8

One 4 Community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IywCzOjIqNE

Outta My Way - Alais Clay 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBnEWhJU6EU

Pain R.I.P. - Alais Clay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvouxUrZbRo

Stars Collide - Maiyu Ondaro & Alais Clay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVmY0SVQ_ps

StarWater Wednesday ft. Zoë Clare & TOTEM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBrahumS1jo

Zoë Clare Live @ StarWater Wednesday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRz3ugKUDg8
Videos on Her youtube page