
1.  BABYSITTING MY BROTHER AT A PARTY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlPnH99eTH0&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

2.  BREAKING INTO MY BOYFRIEND’S HOUSE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqTLE5ipo3A&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

3.  CAMPING OUT AT MY HIGH SCHOOL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8yB7vI9B5Y&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

4.  CLOTHES SWAP BATTLE VS. MY SIBLINGS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06sJvopkJc4&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

5.  COMING OUT (ELLE MILLS STYLE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDi7cezk9CA&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

6.  Confessing My Feelings To My Crush.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZ7Gz6jjAV8&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

7.  FINDING A NEW BROTHER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_z8QsFooyGg&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

8.  FINDING A SISTER-IN-LAW ON TINDER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1IKm1462KaA&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

9.  FIRST TIME CLUBBING GONE WRONG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCKl-AQdGaw&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

10.  HIRING A BODYGUARD FOR A DAY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5QZQe_CBwo&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

11.  HIRING A BOYFRIEND FOR A DAY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRWLBVHorbg&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

12.  I LEGALLY MARRIED MY SISTER'S BOYFRIEND.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NJ7aI1ioXM&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

13.  I PAID FOR HIS ENTIRE COLLEGE TUITION (SURPRISE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpab65aFmj0&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

14.  I Set My Brother & My Ex on a Blind Date Across the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QczjQvLQB7w&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

15.  I THREW A GOODBYE ROAST FOR MY BROTHER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7ECyLAvbRg&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

16.  I THREW HER A SURPRISE FUNERAL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwVPy6NbJto&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

17.  I THREW MY CRUSH HER OWN PROM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oo9JMSiI55M&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

18.  I TRAPPED MY FAMILY IN AN ESCAPE ROOM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeOiJNCtEPw&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

19.  I TURNED MY HOUSE INTO UP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjoOyoZ1cvI&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

20.  I TURNED MY MOM'S HOUSE INTO A FRAT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HW66ssPhxyo&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

21.  Meeting My Brother's New Girlfriend for the First Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDWDYlBkIbw&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

22.  Meeting My New Step-Sister (Elle Mills Style).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_lcz0S7uhE&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

23.  MUSIC VIDEO BATTLE VS. MY MOM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTXRVJxVJcs&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

24.  MUSIC VIDEO BATTLE VS. MY SIBLINGS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iZ0xKvb9KY&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

25.  My Brother Ignored My Texts so I Took His Ex on a Honeymoon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LcN5vlkgX8&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

26.  MY BROTHER'S #HURTBAES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJ9IALvX--c&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

27.  MY FAMILY MEETS MY HIGH SCHOOL CRUSH.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=or4oWK16B1M&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

28.  My First 4th of July (Gone Wild).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CfrYIRh5Dk&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

29.  My First Kiss.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFNvAhKHSTk&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

30.  Our First Time Babysitting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSbdBY9o3w0&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

31.  PRANKING MY DAD’S EX-WIFE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Md1OA2iHob4&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

32.  READING MY BROTHER'S EXES' DIARIES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4c20lVkY55o&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

33.  SEARCHING FOR MY MISSING BROTHER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEh2wZBj4v0&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

34.  SLUMBER PARTY WITH MY BROTHER AND ALL HIS EXES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIkAhvCUmaU&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

35.  SPYING ON OUR FRIEND’S TINDER MATCH.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcIujtocGbw&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

36.  STARTING BEEF WITH MY BROTHER’S FRIENDS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AKyFL8zR6Q&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

37.  STEALING MY BROTHER’S IDENTITY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVMENreZGdw&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

38.  SURPRISE INTERVENTION FOR MY BROTHER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_Ee9kPVzmA&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

39.  SURPRISING MY MOM WITH NEW STEP-DADS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZF6wmn_qyns&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

40.  SURPRISING OUR MOM WITH DUMB MATCHING TATTOOS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LbrDiP4hhl0&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq

41.  The Aftermath of My YouTube Breakdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glIBS8DCTiQ&list=PLH2PxlK_cH440MbMCkAgALsZ1Xnd69Teq
Elle Mills ??