
10 things you didn't know about orgasm  Mary Roach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jx0dTYUO5E

Brain magic  Keith Barry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GigYWy2UmOY

Do schools kill creativity  Sir Ken Robinson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iG9CE55wbtY

Hans Rosling Debunking third-world myths with the best stats you've ever seen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUwS1uAdUcI

How great leaders inspire action  Simon Sinek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp0HIF3SfI4

Lightning calculation and other mathemagic  Arthur Benjamin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4vqr3_ROIk

My stroke of insight  Jill Bolte Taylor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyyjU8fzEYU

Questioning the universe  Stephen Hawking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjBIsp8mS-c

Robots that fly ... and cooperate  Vijay Kumar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ErEBkj_3PY

Robyn Stein DeLuca The good news about PMS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aI8KiPiVLyY

Steve Jobs' 2005 Stanford Commencement Address.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UF8uR6Z6KLc

The power of vulnerability  Brené Brown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCvmsMzlF7o

The puzzle of motivation  Dan Pink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrkrvAUbU9Y

The thrilling potential of SixthSense technology  Pranav Mistry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrtANPtnhyg

Underwater astonishments  David Gallo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVvn8dpSAt0

Unveiling game-changing wearable tech  Pattie Maes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZ-VjUKAsao

Unveiling the genius of multi-touch interface design  Jeff Han.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac0E6deG4AU

Why are we happy Why aren't we happy  Dan Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTO_dZUvbJA

Why we do what we do  Tony Robbins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cpc-t-Uwv1I

Why we laugh  Sophie Scott.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxLRv0FEndM

Wii remote hacks  Johnny Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgKCrGvShZs

Your elusive creative genius  Elizabeth Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86x-u-tz0MA
The 20 Most-Watched TEDTalks