
221767.  ASDF 1-9 Complete Collection Reation W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaKpsURLb44&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221769.  Berleezy''s DANNY PHANTOM EXPOSED Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A76NOCoSl_I&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221772.  Berleezy's AAAHH!!! REAL MONSTERS EXPOSED Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7exoG944_aI&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221776.  Berleezy's BACKYARDIGANS EXPOSED Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIxZ0DAX4Os&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221781.  Berleezy's Courage The Cowardly Dog Exposed Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt7fhm1wGUE&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221787.  Berleezy's DEXTER'S LABORATORY EXPOSED Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9EHAou6HQk&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221794.  Berleezy's DORA THE EXPLORER EXPOSED Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NApGnL3BiEk&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221802.  Berleezy's Fairly Odd Parents  Exposed 2 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMwq0Xg9da4&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221811.  BHAD BHABIE ROASTED US REACTION W FRIDARKO !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzQrnhbEnTo&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221821.  Childish Gambino - This Is America (Official Video) Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5p2mVTQBV9Q&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221832.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation - #1 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THYf3pDxMLE&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221844.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation - #10 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YsY5I4okt0I&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221857.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation - #11 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6w012oKbxmk&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221871.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation - #2 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSqVQhYHVY8&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221886.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation - #3 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owq7-Y8ShzQ&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221902.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation - #4 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnWBOL9lBUk&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221919.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation - #5 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNC9LxTghw0&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221937.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation - #6 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ib9GdgQRoqc&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221956.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation - #7 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EcVTzyeQ3M&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221976.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation - #8 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LDTkLRy1EY&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

221997.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation - #9 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNRHplftYiM&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222019.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation 15 Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QA9UtmqWRgQ&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222042.  Cyanide & Happiness S1E8 - The Depressing Episode Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkJhYjfye4w&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222066.  Cyanide and Happiness Compilation - #12  Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqpU6vzdMsg&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222091.  Cyanide and Happiness Compilation - #13  Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G43ctrBZ6sA&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222117.  Cyanide and Happiness Compilation - #17  Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rR6SY0N-WU8&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222144.  Danielle Bregoli Reacts To BHAD BHABIE Gucci Flip Flops Roast and Reaction Vids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KJAr-yNo0A&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222172.  Girlfriend Read Boyfriends Thirsty Comments !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU3N-GkDS6Y&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222201.  Joyner Lucas - I'm Not Racist Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFBdnyBsjO0&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222231.  Llamas with Hats 1-12 The Complete Series Reaction W Fridarko !!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afCbK5rNQTk&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222262.  R.I.P XXXTENTACION....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmvDJ-4Y44k&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222294.  Reacting To Our First Video On Youtube! (3 Years Ago) Hilarious.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aw52RvWfneA&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222327.  READING MY GIRLFRIEND'S THIRSTY COMMENTS !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XilRtlT1J6w&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222361.  READING MY GIRLFRIEND'S THIRSTY COMMENTS 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swbc41-Kb4I&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222396.  SHE'S THE BEST GIRLFRIEND IN THE WORLD FOR THIS!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaBprqwZhyE&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222432.  The TRUTH About Our Relationship (This is why we havent been uploading).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbM6qi6Cvp4&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222469.  This Is Why We've Been In Love For So Long ( IT DOESNT GET MORE LIT THAN THIS!!!!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1byaBxFQ5LU&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222507.  WE'VE HAD ENOUGH!!!  Reading Mean Comments Gets Emotional.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KHLtm1dVw0&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD

222546.  YOU WONT BELIEVE HOW I SURPRISED HER AT WORK ON VALENTINES DAY!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPcUZGEbwfY&list=PLxiyp8PTp6HXYENk4AwQqgSJUhOKGViQD
Cyanide and Happiness - Fridarko