
3 Recipes from The Herbal Starter Kit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaIP9Fz9WV4

A Glance into the Herbal Academy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUHMWjbl0hI

A Guide to Family Aromatherapy with Erika Galentin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa5VlI9ei5k

A Message from Marlene Adelmann, Founder of Herbal Academy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7v9CxDbU08

A Simple, Delicious Calming Tea Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzZ6eTv_GpM

All About Tonic Herbs Ask An Herbalist Series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWFJ2etJN14

Botanical Skin Care Course Preview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhXMxeJnrzM

Cleavers Plant Identification – Herbal Walk Series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmTBYhays9A

Conifer Gin & Bubbles A Holiday Cocktail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSkE3OCw7Jc

DIY Holiday Table Setting with Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fi-sI78bCI4

DIY Recipe Cough Ease Cough Drops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDc4hV2lDI4

Heart Grown Wild Herbal Start Up Business
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BQizQXlCWE

Herb Infused Honey Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuvvXn8adEU

Herbal Academy Mission
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ucif80ekOIo

Herbal Snack Memory Boost Nut Butter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3xMO66Woxc

Herbal Terminology Actions, Energetics, Flavors & Properties—Oh, My! [Ask an Herbalist Series]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SCaLhPZhEBQ

Homemade Sunburn Spray
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLFDZmvOFqs

How to Make a Calendula Salve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTV3nJUcg5k

How to make an Herbal Serum by Herbal Academy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pE9fEAsw_MA

How to Make Fire Cider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heHrDAR2lXs

How to Make Floral Cookies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBSMnau9emY

How To Make Herbal Bliss Balls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3nCTeBULfA

How to Make Honey Electuary or Rolled Pills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIxkROLf0js

How to make Lotion Bars by Herbal Academy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwmptbiGT6c

Immunity Tonic Broth Recipe using herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQtABAo20CU

Live the Connection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl4ZMdLpaqE

Make it Whipped Savory Herbal Butter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEAcYEQe7vo

Nettle Plant Identification – Herbal Walk Series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ASTvp1pgLg

Preview the Botany & Wildcrafting Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EnKOiXM8A4

Recipe for Herbal Chocolate Truffles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxRjNB1sQYE

Stress-Be-Gone Balm Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZBKTZqOsFs

The Craft Of Herbal Fermentation Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_MccEF6QEU

The Herbal Materia Medica Course Preview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvAGvdkIHGw

Yellow Dock Plant Identification – Herbal Walk Series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-kOYr4Fo5U
Herbal Academy - Videos