
A counter project in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUm1evTJ2Z8

Basics of functions in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwDHINjr1AQ

Better code with object chain in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ko5tv0tP6XA

Borrow a method using bind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoUboMfIemw

Callback and arrow function introduction in array
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tny4_-QjNHg

Classes and module exports in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQCdwX0p_tc

Closure in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bC-ilFHSt4s

Code hoisting in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ta1umc3tkQ

Coercion and falsy values in JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0O-9uXmqbFI

Confusing part of THIS in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTPt5XO7KoU

Destructure the data in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brtUfHte9uc

Event listener in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBnsO6QWGEY

Event loop  Will javascript wait
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvTMIKHvPxU

Fill and Filter in Array in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2k6osJPXsgk

Fixing the bug in game  Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqOUYVjllVE

For Each loop in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAFjcAxcNcY

For in and for of loop in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlagmmCwOU4

For loop basics in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26QWcjTdJGM

Functions in variable  User Role in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEX8ohGSOyc

Generating elements and Text node in DOM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEj0IsPa37M

Get Computed properties in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NONbkVx5FAM

Get to know game files
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksV07bvCR3c

Get to know node Elements in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPBPlNABfpk

How to grab web elements in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkOL-mZjq60

How to Handle API in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjbsRjf8QN8

Inheritance in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FX2hGgUPbeY

Introduction to Array in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lr-uGVNM8Ko

Lexical scoping in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qT5S7GgIioE

Light intro to THIS in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTACw0-yAzc

Logic of game  javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0KQP7qfrYo

Logical conditional Login in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uT9n7iIxEw8

Maps in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMfMdE3wifs

Methods and objects in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqBaQHXHwm0

New keyword in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uhp9xPCILno

Objects from MDN docs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IH7TJla_rwY

Objects in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPddGlSIV3M

Operators in javascript  Calculate discount
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxyFRb0_eUQ

Our first User Signup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sb5_BIprKDs

Private props getters and setters in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGR2nH1HIR4

Promise async and await in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjbr21JLfgg

Scope chaining in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGGOOYOXoQ4

Self Executing Anonymous Function and functional programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRwgc6ERk_g

Slice and Splice in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1qDSAUclzI

Solution of Scope problem in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2YoiwVmAa0

Spread and REST operators in Javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DoIGxx7P-ps

Switch for role based access in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wyPpPlFwrI

Template literals in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXhbV_xgkMo

Ternary operator in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0HJtkYtjwk

Type and Operator precedence in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvKktNrJXcY

Understand the context in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JMXlGt3OSo

Variable and datatypes in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycLqC41TO1U

Welcome to Javascript Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=papg2tsoFzg

Welcome to new JavaScript course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2md4HQNRqJA

What are conditionals in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx7N3QGrVWE

What are Javascript engines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMKWdLX9w3M

What ES version of javascript is good for us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z-VseyACaE

What is DOM (1597556)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkXAGe7SLm0

What is DOM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkXAGe7SLm0

What is new in Javascript 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwHJCTXg6Es

What is proto in javascript (1709932)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9CaKd2bq-E

What is proto in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9CaKd2bq-E

While and do while loops in javascript (1925169)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCl3W4kR4-c

While and do while loops in javascript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCl3W4kR4-c

Why iife appears in javascript interviews
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ex652LPfUdA
Javascript course