
1.  Dionne Warwick - Frosty the Snowman (feat. Eric Paslay) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJkTpAbh574&pp=sAQA

2.  Dionne Warwick - Heartbreaker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xHQsMYosao&pp=sAQA

3.  Dionne Warwick - I Say A Little Prayer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VC8t7t4hmDU&pp=sAQA

4.  Dionne Warwick - I'll Never Love This Way Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAu73aOa2HQ&pp=sAQA

5.  Dionne Warwick - Jingle Bell Rock (feat. Michael McDonald).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynDgPXaQ-2k&pp=sAQA

6.  Dionne Warwick - Jingle Bells (feat. John Rich, The Oak Ridge Boys & Ricky Skaggs).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fceSyyQoFfk&pp=sAQA

7.  Dionne Warwick - Mele Kalikimaka (feat. Fiji & Nomad) [Official Audio] ft. Fiji, Nomad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GasqVdBF5tU&pp=sAQA

8.  Dionne Warwick - Mele Kalikimaka ft. Fiji, Nomad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6FnDroniNM&pp=sAQA

9.  Dionne Warwick - Rudolph The Red Nose Reindeer (feat. Andra Day) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MU6ezFWuZ7U&pp=sAQA

10.  Dionne Warwick - Silent Night (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fYmOOH8vjs&pp=sAQA

11.  Dionne Warwick - Silver Bells (feat. Chloe X Halle) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbCun0ZVRCs&pp=sAQA

12.  Dionne Warwick - That's What Friends Are For.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyTpu6BmE88&pp=sAQA

13.  Dionne Warwick - The Christmas Song (feat. Wanya Morris) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KOdyPR7OBiA&pp=sAQA

14.  Dionne Warwick - The First Noel (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8-2jhC3n-0&pp=sAQA

15.  Dionne Warwick - This Christmas feat. Aloe Blacc (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8C8El9xu94&pp=sAQA

16.  Dionne Warwick - What The World Needs Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5Chxe89O6c&pp=sAQA

17.  Dionne Warwick, Jeffrey Osborne - Love Power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZzNOhPK2Cw&pp=sAQA

18.  Dionne Warwick, Jeffrey Osborne - Take Good Care Of You And Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIgT-3oZZcE&pp=sAQA

19.  God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen (feat. Dianne Reeves) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmRiHJ1Evbo&pp=sAQA

20.  Have Yourself A Merry Little Christmas (feat. Jason Scheff) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWskT-XWlRo&pp=sAQA

21.  White Christmas (feat. Johnny Mathis) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpLoaKezlLA&pp=sAQA
Dionne Warwick