
1.  Linux Basic Course - Account Management Commands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5O2PuBza7E

2.  Linux Basic Course - Apt Command.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9_2pyBxyzU

3.  Linux Basic Course - Control-Key Command.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7G4DkjSWujQ

4.  Linux Basic Course - Core Command 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YECGdWqWxYY

5.  Linux Basic Course - Core Command 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_nF-_TZhhs

6.  Linux Basic Course - Core Command 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpljfj-29VM

7.  Linux Basic Course - Core Command 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k3LiqsxrsD0

8.  Linux Basic Course - End.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RBQ6mrUhjE

9.  Linux Basic Course - Environment Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WTBqKpZp_8

10.  Linux Basic Course - File and Directory Permission Commands 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNW32hILxVs

11.  Linux Basic Course - File and Directory Permission Commands 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbRNrhUOJFs

12.  Linux Basic Course - GUI Linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmEv8mbdzdg

13.  Linux Basic Course - Linux Boot Process.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83F0Dq7n5PI

14.  Linux Basic Course - Linux File System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUk2-5ajK70

15.  Linux Basic Course - Redirection & Pipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRsljJVL9Qc

16.  Linux Basic Course - Special Characters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZV_pZZuhCFI

17.  Linux Basic Course - System Structures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8-uRrkJmKs

18.  Linux Basic Course - the Difference Between Sudo and Su.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epQtMX7n7Rc

19.  ???? ??????? ????? - ??????? ????????  5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRIsrN3zduE

20.  ???? ??????? ????? - ?????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-V24mr1Src
Linux Basic Course Tutorial Arabic