
Chef Mario's BBQ Bonanza! - SuperMario134.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rhMe_qxbTE

Chef Mario's Cookie Catastrophe! - SuperMario134.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2Wl9l_A5wM

Chef Mario's Gingerbread Bros! (Christmas Special) - SuperMario134.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kg830KZtp8w

Chef Mario's Horrifying Hunger! (Halloween Special) - SuperMario134.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HiDfJgQejA

Chef Mario's Turkey Trouble! (Thanksgiving Special) - SuperMario134.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgN3N6G2Knw

Cooking With Chef Mario! Cosmic Brownies - SuperMario134.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDMWJgc7RGI

SM134 Cooking With Chef Mario! Christmas Special! (2019).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SCUWTP96WHc

SM134 Cooking With Chef Mario! Colossal Cook Off! Plush Collab.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTQV2GxTr2U

SM134 Cooking With Chef Mario! Colossal Cook-Off 2! [Part 1] Plush Collab.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzQ0QXWqc6w

SM134 Cooking With Chef Mario! Colossal Cook-Off 2! [Part 2] Plush Collab.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlWfSddcHE4

SM134 Cooking With Chef Mario! Cute Mario Bros Special! Giant Cookie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0mTQD7Gho0

SM134 Cooking With Chef Mario! Halloween Special!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_U5irKmJBk

SM134 Cooking With Chef Mario! Ravioli.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXL_NknYNqA

SM134 Cooking With Chef Mario! Remastered 2!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6JvgFe9VQ0

SM134 Cooking With Chef Mario! Remastered!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0rLN-BADWY

SM134 Cooking With Chef Mario! Ultimate Breakfast Sandwich.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDO7qfSCTFo

SM134 Cooking With Chef Mario! Valentines Day Special! Fettuccine Alfredo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qN6YDeMtWY4

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! 1up Mushroom Cupcakes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46g0VHzC72I

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Apple Pie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzPcbPNuIxk

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Banana Bread.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kouqG1OCzFg

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Banana Split Sundae.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SX2YizL4c6w

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Burritos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRpHu2tN6SQ

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Cheep Cheep Chase.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txNpFEheKZw

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Chicken Nuggets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPB_MKJ2mEI

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Chili Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__AIePYHHOE

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Cinnamon Rolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qa-HO-Box5I

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWC0ca1W1iA

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Hamburger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oijdljkm9hI

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Healthy Smoothie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEPlskOuY60

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Macaroni & Cheese.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4uBFfbXbr8

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Mozzarella Sticks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHqm7_6JMNY

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Original!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Sn4wLwA67k

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Pancakes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyXSUE4y2aI

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Pizza Me Mario.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tb1evifsU-g

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Quesadillas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QO8t2Jn2JY

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Red Velvet Cupcakes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXBQEKB5JDU

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Spaghetti & Meatballs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-lph-uCm3M

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Tacos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGKuss5qwZA

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Terrific Tiramisu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoE0jPyJCRo

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Ultimate Breakfast Omelette!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQH2vqwezMk

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Vanilla Buttercream Cake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0i8pQLyn0k

SM134 Short Cooking With Chef Mario! Waffles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9goVmicBmfk
Cooking With Chef Mario!