
4) Epic Rap Battles of History - Live.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2--CwKYa3cY

6 Million Subscribers. Thank you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbrYHdjYb1c

Adam vs Eve. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liLU2tEz7KY

Alexander the Great vs Ivan the Terrible. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVbH1BVXywY

Artists vs TMNT. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HZ5V9rT96M

Ash Ketchum vs Charles Darwin. Epic Rap Battles of History.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EC7H99-7wxk

Babe Ruth vs Lance Armstrong. Epic Rap Battles of History.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtO-6Xg3g2M

Barack Obama vs Mitt Romney. Epic Rap Battles Of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dX_1B0w7Hzc

Batman vs Sherlock Holmes. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17CLlZuiBkQ

Blackbeard vs Al Capone. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yf9gulYfUh4

Bob Ross vs Pablo Picasso. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGN5xaQkFk0

Bruce Banner vs Bruce Jenner. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=810FWtKnH-o

Bruce Lee vs Clint Eastwood. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHCyaJS4Cbs

Cleopatra vs Marilyn Monroe. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vICX-6dMOuA

David Copperfield vs Harry Houdini. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVTwgQ76l-g

Deadpool vs Boba Fett. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g708PmJAbuI

Doc Brown vs Doctor Who. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDj7gvc_dsA

Donald Trump vs Ebenezer Scrooge. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP6VqB4klpQ

Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kbryz0mxuMY

Eastern Philosophers vs Western Philosophers. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0N_RO-jL-90

Elon Musk vs Mark Zuckerberg. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2GVxYfKSxA

Epic Rap Battles of History News - Season 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8CCQopoCAE

Epic Rap Battles of History News 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkCqXiKxCVs

Epic Rap Battles of History News with Adam Smith.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnaXw6UJids

Epic Rap Battles of History News with Isaac Newton.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HooJnTB6Uzw

Epic Rap Battles of History News with Teddy Roosevelt 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjOExpYDmJA

Epic Rap Battles of History News with Theodore Roosevelt.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4BJzBwYUMA

Epic Rap Battles of History News, Season 3.5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxOVW2CNw7Q

Epic Rap Battles of History News, Season 4.5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abcdx2ji1C4

Epic Rap Battles of History News.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NzaJRsuvDPQ

Epic Rap Battles of History Season 2.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQt_tnDbg98

Epic Rap Battles of History Season 3.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lR6zKinOFc

Epic Rap Battles of History Season 4.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-huwiIHUDSc

Frank Sinatra vs Freddie Mercury. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5a_v0MP_Fk

Freddy Krueger vs Wolverine - Epic Rap Battles of History.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdpG1iYkjuk

Frederick Douglass vs Thomas Jefferson. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-ZblMfZpuw

Gandhi vs Martin Luther King Jr. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6G6CZT7h4k

George Carlin vs Richard Pryor. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Bx7CFiWfU0

George Washington vs William Wallace. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dl7CLaZFG1c

Ghostbusters vs Mythbusters. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0pnTm-KK9k

Goku vs Superman. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MW9Nrg_kZU

Gordon Ramsay vs Julia Child. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99-n42Xb6NQ

Guy Fawkes vs Che Guevara. Epic Rap Battles of History.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yow_BJeb8TI

Hitler vs Vader 2. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeLrlmV9A-s

Hitler vs Vader 3. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpqNvskS_kM

Hulk Hogan vs. Kim Jong-il. New Edit Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zlu_SVDTUF4

J. R. R. Tolkien vs George R. R. Martin. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAAp_luluo0

Jack the Ripper vs Hannibal Lecter. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfkR5o_bcSg

Jacques Cousteau vs Steve Irwin. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-QjRTz-TII

James Bond vs Austin Powers. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iy7xDGi5lp4

Jim Henson vs Stan Lee. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXBJIZ1NXFU

l
 lll

Lewis and Clark vs Bill and Ted. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ll0v-CNCUwE

Mario Bros vs Wright Bros. Epic Rap Battles of History.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_hKLfTKU5Y

Master Chief vs Leonidas. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgVwv0ZuPhM

Michael Jackson vs Elvis Presley. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0M0RbaPxq2k

Michael Jordan vs Muhammad Ali. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_uOtAkEf6U

Miley Cyrus vs Joan of Arc. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQx1sqPHTrk

Moses vs Santa Claus. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kRAKXFrYQ4

Mother Teresa vs Sigmund Freud. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoPn-YVAW8I

Mozart vs Skrillex. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6Au0xCg3PI

Nice Peter vs EpicLLOYD 2. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mbGUld2w-s

Nikola Tesla vs Thomas Edison. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJ1Mz7kGVf0

Oprah Winfrey vs Ellen DeGeneres. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIsa-vfXV6Q

Rasputin vs Stalin. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZT2z0nrsQ8o

Rick Grimes vs Walter White. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krQHQvtIr6w

Romeo and Juliet vs Bonnie and Clyde. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NV7xJ73_eeM

Ronald McDonald vs The Burger King. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AjRR6c--Ak

Shaka Zulu vs Julius Caesar. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOm_2dGzqp0

Sir Isaac Newton vs Bill Nye. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yis7GzlXNM

Stephen King vs Edgar Allan Poe. Epic Rap Battles of History.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56R3hU-fWZY

Steve Jobs vs Bill Gates. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njos57IJf-0

Steven Spielberg vs Alfred Hitchcock. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wYtG7aQTHA

Terminator vs Robocop. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jmqa99Ar1Hs

Thanos vs J Robert Oppenheimer. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1vXC-vKgKg

The Joker vs Pennywise. Epic Rap Battles Of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2WxaeIJcqY

Theodore Roosevelt vs Winston Churchill. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owTPZQQAVyQ

Tony Hawk vs Wayne Gretzky. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goMYHB2Grvg

Vlad the Impaler vs Count Dracula. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noLKTNmmy10

Wonder Woman vs Stevie Wonder. Epic Rap Battles of History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7jL0NJ98Nc

Zeus vs Thor. Epic Rap Battles of History.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_xFOmYxKYw
Epic Rap Battles of History