
A Teenager In Love-Dion and The Belmonts-Original Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-Xvgv92GBc&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

All I Have To Do Is Dream - Everly Brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbU3zdAgiX8&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Bad Moon Rising - Creedence Clearwater Revival (HQ - 5.1 Studio )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6iRNVwslM4&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Barry McGuire - Eve Of Destruction (1591755)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfZVu0alU0I&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Barry McGuire - Eve Of Destruction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfZVu0alU0I&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Bob Dylan - Hurricane Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGMSfiH850o&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Bobby Darin - Dream Lover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVHAQX5sSaU&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

BOBBY GOLDSBORO =HONEY=
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKAeeGnAYBo&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Bobby Vee  - Take Good Care Of My Baby  - 1961
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awNqLO6auQA&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Bobby Vee ~ Rubber Ball  (1960)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5jrqe8ryJ8&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Bobby Vinton - Blue Velvet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeLBkoW1-Ow&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Bobby Vinton Mr. Lonely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYvBBl1WAvU&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Brenda Lee - All Alone Am I (1963) [HQ]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJHvYU_y6xQ&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Carole King - You've Got a Friend (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAR_Ff5A8Rk&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

CCR - Have You Ever Seen the Rain HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMMTPt4OtG4&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Cilla Black - Anyone Who Had A Heart (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUxn6JLwdDY&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Cilla Black - Anyone Who Had A Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWAcG5p0Jyg&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Crimson and Clover - Tommy James & The Shondells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpGEeneO-t0&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Del Shannon - Runaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0S13mP_pfEc&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Donna -- Ritchie Valens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNUr6pLxGtE&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Dusty Springfield You Don't Have To Say You Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QR4vE9xL3yk&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

edison lighthouse - Love grows where my rosemary goes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr6H1a7YUac&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Elvis Presley - Always On My Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9sRJ-eOHnc&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Eric Idle - Always Look On The Bright Side Of Life - STEREO HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJUhlRoBL8M&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Etta James - I'd Rather Go Blind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9sq3ME0JHQ&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Gerry & The Pacemakers - Ferry Cross The Mersey (1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08083BNaYcA&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Gerry & The Pacemakers - You'll Never Walk Alone [Official Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OV5_LQArLa0&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Gladys Knight & The Pips - Midnight Train to Georgia (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0F9lh8TiSM&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

guess who- american woman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkqfpkTTy2w&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

HEY PAULA Paul and Paula 1963 - HQ STEREO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vOo-3XWxpo&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

I Only Want to Be with You     Dusty Springfield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osVaF4t-zFc&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Jersey Boys Movie Soundtrack 20. Fallen Angel (Frankie Valli)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQl5t8YPSAc&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Jersey Boys Soundtrack 10. My Eyes Adored You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcHqf592hs8&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Jim Croce - Bad Bad Leroy Brown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvwDohEEQ1E&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Johnny Tillotson - Poetry In Motion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oy_ArpznZUs&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Lesley Gore - It's my party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIsnIt1p978&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Lipstick On Your Collar by Connie Francis 1959
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMlALAaEwfA&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Little Anthony Tears on My Pillow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxjQ3M_v7xc&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Little Peggy March - I will follow him (best version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JVhbusBDi4&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Louis Armstrong - What a Wonderful World - legendado
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D67lR7Qy_wk&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Love Affair - Everlasting Love (Official Video) (1205529)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaYTNsS_m2w&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Love Affair - Everlasting Love (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaYTNsS_m2w&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Love Grows (Where My Rosemary Goes) - Edison Lighthouse (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1EpaboCERg&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Mary Hopkin - Those Were The Days - 1968
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3KEhWTnWvE&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Nancy Sinatra & Lee Hazlewood - Summer Wine ((( HQ AUDIO )))
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiISrw2GTXE&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Neil Sedaka Oh Carol (1284054)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e72tG80LmsU&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Neil Sedaka Oh Carol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e72tG80LmsU&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

PAUL ANKA -  DIANA HD (1029783)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar-zZ21iW9w&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

PAUL ANKA -  DIANA HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar-zZ21iW9w&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Paul Anka - Puppy Love (1341913)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAtwI2poXXg&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Paul Anka - Puppy Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAtwI2poXXg&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Paul Anka Oh Carol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XHe6dSngt0&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Peter Sarstedt - Where Do You Go To My Lovely (1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8XQZYIiNgo&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Petula Clark ~ Downtown (1964)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_m4Qb0iW-o&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Righteous Brothers - Unchained Melody (subtitle in englishsubtitulado español) (Live 1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrK5u5W8afc&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Save the last dance for me - The Drifters (1589906)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-XQ26KePUQ&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Save the last dance for me - The Drifters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-XQ26KePUQ&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Scott McKenzie - San Francisco  [HD]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZcyRLtwUVY&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Shangri-Las - Leader Of The Pack - 1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SM_99DtI0tE&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

somebody to love-jefferson airplane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUbMWtUyIIE&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Tammy Wynette - Stand By Your Man (Audio) (Pseudo Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AM-b8P1yj9w&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Animals - We Gotta Get Out Of This Place (1965) HDwidescreen ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3mgapAcVdU&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Animals - We Gotta Get Out Of This Place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJVpihgwE18&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Crystals - Then He Kissed Me - New Stereo Remix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjFYfBJOKtU&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Hollies - He Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jl5vi9ir49g&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Jimi Hendrix Experience - All Along The Watchtower (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLV4_xaYynY&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Marvelettes - Please Mr. Postman (1961)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=425GpjTSlS4&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Monkees - Daydream Believer (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvqeSJlgaNk&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Moody Blues - 07 Nights in white satin full version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx8d--usWKI&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Penguins - Earth Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Platters - Only You (And You Alone) (Original Footage HD) (1867642)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FygIKsnkCw&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Platters - Only You (And You Alone) (Original Footage HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FygIKsnkCw&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Seekers - Georgy Girl (1967 - Stereo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsIbfYEizLk&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Shangri Las   Leader Of The Pack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37UTpnPTvIk&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Shirelles   Will You Love Me Tomorrow- Subtitulado
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I47QpGpkf9Q&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Small Faces - Lazy Sunday Afternoon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXeRB-3nDR8&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

The Turtles - Happy Together - 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRCe5L1imxg&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Van Morrison  -  Brown Eyed Girl (1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWoFl_0UtjQ&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Walking Back To Happiness ~ Helen Shapiro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NuQlpFnlIBE&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Young Girl - Gary Puckett And The Union Gap (1549493)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn0ZJHVH17I&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Young Girl - Gary Puckett And The Union Gap (1651368)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn0ZJHVH17I&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Young Girl - Gary Puckett And The Union Gap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn0ZJHVH17I&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

Zager and Evans - In The Year 2525
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yesyhQkYrQM&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

?? ???????????? ?????????? ???? ???????? - ???????????? ?????????? (1275133)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mb3iPP-tHdA&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT

?? ???????????? ?????????? ???? ???????? - ???????????? ??????????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mb3iPP-tHdA&list=PL8qsGirBt3cZJvbKXBG6BluJE8ZSBrlkT
60s ballads