
Playlist Organizer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hs33JPY9ziw

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (1 of 80) The Absolute Value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOg7fUuVLbM

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (10 of 80) Solving Linear Equations Theory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXNzrT2sWOY

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (11 of 80) Solving Linear Equations Examples
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5QggzSfdlc

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (12 of 80) Solving for a Variable in a Formula Examples
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ovhxa_KH7g

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (13 of 80) Solving Quadratic Equations Different Types
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lKyJxDKWCs

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (14 of 80) Solving Quadratic Equations Factoring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLrxj5IttEM

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (15 of 80) Sol Quadratic Equations Factoring (Foil Method)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozw5qjC4Eng

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (16 of 80) Sol Quadratic Eqns Quadratic Formula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QO0aPjaiwec

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (17 of 80) Sol Quadratic Eqns Completing the Square
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AYLq5wwgqo

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (18 of 80) Solving Quadratic Eqns Fractions Ex 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yd9D66yTcuw

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (19 of 80) Solving Quadratic Eqns Fractions Ex. 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUhzH57_SkA

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (2 of 80) The Absolute Value Examples
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ieei5GT1vXk

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (20 of 80) Solving Quadratic Eqns With Square Roots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iep0zKT580g

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (21 of 80) Review of Word Problems Cost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ktR0IZmXvI

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (22 of 80) Review of Word Problems Investments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qpRFru9p_0

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (23 of 80) Review of Word Problems Salaries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1yUglA6ZFQ

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (24 of 80) Review of Word Problems Ages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48MGDugIgEE

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (25 of 80) Review of Word Problems Coins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWWU1Fz_Zp4

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (26 of 80) Review of Word Problems Dimensions Ex. 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2W8OMrTnZBo

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (27 of 80) Review of Word Problems Dimensions Ex. 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Jjnj4nD1Xc

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (28 of 80) Review of Word Problems How Tall Is The Tree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTRpfZEqBL4

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (29 of 80) Review of Word ProblemsMixtures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoSZSq4RPZ0

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (3 of 80) Simplifying Square Roots & Exponents
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9Os6gVoxVE

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (30 of 80) Review of Word Problems Rate of Doing Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Hk9SedVEa0

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (31 of 80) Review of Word Problems Distance, Speed, Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMzH2lE8yWE

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (32 of 80) Review of Word Problems Distance, Speed, Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbUw7djJtNI

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (33 of 80) Review of Word Problems Volume of a Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ycz_l9bGtQ

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (34 of 80) Review of Word Problems Volume of a Cylinder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PY-mLyRQH9M

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (35 of 80) Review of Word Problems Volume of a Cone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pp8UVLu6FDA

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (36 of 80) Review of Word Problems Distance, Speed, Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5zLWSOHgvU

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (37 of 80) Review of Word Problems Distance, Speed, Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vB8VnPiuRLo

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (38 of 80) Solve Inequalities (Linear1-Variable)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSaSd_n0ndI

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (39 of 80) Solve Inequalities (Linear1-Variable)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFvFcv2vSho

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (4 of 80) Simplifying Square Roots & Exponents Ex. 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zml1Cxhl3f0

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (40 of 80) Solve Inequalities (Linear1-Variable)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhRYa4LOviQ

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (41 of 80) Solve Inequalities (Linear1-Variable)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cb4Fk6CCmA8

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (42 of 80) Solve Inequalities (Linear1-Variable)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2AmuxJ1xeg

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (43 of 80) Solve Inequalities (Linear1-Variable)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj0Yox-eYhs

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (44 of 80) Solve Inequalities (Linear1-Variable)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VtgRw_RQ3I

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (45 of 80) Solve Inequalities (Linear1-Variable)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGJ3SEua3Sc

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (46 of 80) Solve Inequalities (Linear1-Variable)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e37iKlJ2FyA

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (47 of 80) Solve Inequalities (Linear1-Variable)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDVX1MGv1RA

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (48 of 80) Solve Inequalities (Linear1-Variable)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ISsLxF-QB8

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (49 of 80) Solve Inequalities (Linear1-Variable)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yooQ6zCQgg

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (5 of 80) Simplifying Square Roots & Exponents Ex. 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtcHtAjzAeQ

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (50 of 80) Absolute Values
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8SgAWegwG8

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (51 of 80) Absolute Values
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzvYGqKnelA

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (52 of 80) Absolute Values
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFwLDKXV1zo

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (53 of 80) Distance Formula Explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZMRfUAc3RY

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (54 of 80) Distance Formula Example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMlHDEM3QJI

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (55 of 80) Mid-Point Formula (1-Dimensional)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbgeySNGMyM

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (56 of 80) General Mid-Point Formula Example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxkdUO5alyk

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (57 of 80) General Mid-Point Formula Example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdmH59PTISE

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (58 of 80) Graphing a Straight Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuT5QAVX6fQ

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (59 of 80) Graphing a Straight Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rl2L_gJaN3I

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (6 of 80) Factoring and Its Theory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byiJ4sW2ZPY

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (60 of 80) Graphing a Circle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3702GYsasWc

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (61 of 80) Graphing a Circle (General Formula)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFfKl2zERMw

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (62 of 80) Graphing a Circle (General Formula) Example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Mj7XfhR5qE

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (63 of 80) Graphing Shifting Up and Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_lUt0Xdf8I

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (64 of 80) Graphing Shifting Left and Right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaVm5EcRfts

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (65 of 80) Graphing General Form y=a(x-h)^2+c
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVVcp4W_fm4

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (66 of 80) 6 Ways to Graph a Parabola Introducton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KhDzOm6P84

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (67 of 80) 6 Ways to Graph a Parabola 1) Table of Values
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EYyp2S-Few

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (68 of 80) 6 Ways to Graph a Parabola 2) y=a(x-h)^2+c
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SABn7k-bRS8

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (69 of 80) 6 Ways to Graph a Parabola 3) Factor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2CPsrvmlEs

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (7 of 80) Factoring Examples
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMgVRahiebs

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (70 of 80) 6 Ways to Graph a Parabola 4) Quadratic Formula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48ZdJqGAeUg

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (71 of 80) 6 Ways to Graph a Parabola 5) Finding the Vertex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmy0_Ur0LYU

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (72 of 80) 6 Ways to Graph a Parabola 4) Using the Slope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_-PkWYtHdc

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (73 of 80) 7 Ways to Solve 2 Linear Eq 1) Table of Values
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOa9XjVRDp8

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (74 of 80) 7 Ways to Solve 2 Linear Eq 2) Graphing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hhi9_7Ricg0

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (75 of 80) 7 Ways to Solve 2 Linear Eq 3) Set Eqs Equal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peNNC1OSNhE

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (76 of 80) 7 Ways to Solve 2 Linear Eq 4) Substitution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLii3asl6KM

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (77 of 80) 7 Ways to Solve 2 Linear Eq 5) Elimination
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2M4c2MghzM

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (78 of 80) 7 Ways to Solve 2 Linear Eq 6) Matrices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2RFJb5WVyw

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (79 of 80) 7 Ways to Solve 2 Linear Eq 7) Determinants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJN73uUfjLM

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (8 of 80) Simplify Fractions Theory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3lPw_359T0

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (80 of 80) 7 Ways to Solve 2 Linear Equations Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJJeqBevkh0

PreCalculus - Algebra Fundamental Review (9 of 80) Simplify Fractions Examples
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NuYbYzLGZg

PreCalculus - IntroductionPreview of What is in this PreCalculus Series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-Zxdsbr0Gw
PRECALCULUS 1 - ALGEBRA REVIEW