
1.  ALL INDIEGOGO'S MUST COME TO AN INDIESTOPSTOP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KH_pBf2emNs&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

2.  AMAZING HYDRAULIC CROTCH PLATE (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45rUcRfY1CQ&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

3.  An Inspirational Quote from Gryphon (Tobuscus Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wpg6QIRUMCY&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

4.  ANNOYING ORANGE PRE PANEL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUgpNBLpm00&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

5.  AUSTRALIAN SOUVENIR SHOPPING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhXTgn4D3MQ&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

6.  BEANIE BABY ARMOR!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdvRrM2DpzA&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

7.  BRING IT ON, SOL! (Instagram Video feat. Gryphon).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OuY4r87Qhk&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

8.  CATS WAVING (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anultN0zf_o&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

9.  Clare's not gonna want me to Instagram this....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lThRP53NG98&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

10.  COVERT OPS (tobuscus vine video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNqmQtZg138&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

11.  CRAZY HELICOPTER TAKE OFF!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zn5Pzo_3J8M&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

12.  CUTE WALKING DEAD ZOMBIE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vws7DTqo_3A&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

13.  DAFT PUNK DANCE (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mrivqjy2SQ&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

14.  DATING MOTHER NATURE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnZbFn9k-g4&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

15.  DISCOBALL HOODIE OF DEATH (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bRclctXQyFg&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

16.  DOG SWIMS ON FLOOR! (Snapchat Nugget of Epicosity).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJW_EomtinU&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

17.  DON'T FEED THE TROLL!! (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhtqv9Y_KTk&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

18.  DON'T HUMP THE CREEPER, GRYPHON!! (Minecraft Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BC2GwuTIx0&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

19.  DRAMATIC SUNGLASSES REMOVAL (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxtjZdz6xqU&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

20.  Easter Egg in the Tobuscus Adventures Wizards THEME SONG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbfF3gth9is&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

21.  EXIT ONLY!! I CAN'T GET IN!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmUBhDlZ5dE&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

22.  FREAKIN WIZARD KID (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XrKu-X2I_M&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

23.  FREE SLURPEE DAY STILL (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9glhMaMA7aY&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

24.  FRUIT NINJA (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PM6ekfARQVc&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

25.  GABE! GABUSCUS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56hrc_AaE_s&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

26.  GRYPHON DOES NOT APPROVE (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vjsxfcvSvI&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

27.  Gryphon HATES Instagram.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcW1EMAgrQ0&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

28.  GRYPHON IS DRUNK! (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsxTPyFXvYc&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

29.  GRYPHON ON A STICK (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTtZpRw7-uo&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

30.  GRYPHON READS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgZcSpqiGI4&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

31.  GRYPHON WHY YOU LISTEN TO KATERS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=972yfTA9M8U&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

32.  HEELY DANCE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iF5Eh5utBHo&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

33.  Hello! Boobs Out!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USaA73f_gQc&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

34.  HOT ASIAN GIRLFRIEND.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vRJ8jb6Juo&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

35.  HOT HOT HOT OOPS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEAJyWveJVg&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

36.  HOT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJUKpCmm4ls&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

37.  How to DUAL-WIELD RECORDERS (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPDQWDoYSQw&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

38.  How to Kiss a Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Cqm_1rS5XM&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

39.  HOW TO LEARN KNOWLEDGE (Tobuscus & Gryphon Instagram Video #2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUUKqPUHEXw&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

40.  How to Play Piano With Passion (Solo in E Minor).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9Uve2eLA6E&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

41.  HOW TO SPEAK CZECH.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKa0GrnGJqs&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

42.  I DON'T GIVE A ____. (I Don't ____With You).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmiG7B4WD64&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

43.  I don't want to Instagram this....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssgCIO-fRy4&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

44.  I look up to you. ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPfc5krTX38&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

45.  I LOVE COCONUT (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W89l7OXYyk8&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

46.  I Love You. (Re RIP Robin Williams).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXFzXR6oI2E&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

47.  I'M ROY DAWSON!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooi2yKhyqhs&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

48.  ILLEGAL COFFEE MACHINE (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mdkrnlLdYA&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

49.  INSTAGRAM VIDEO CUTS OFF MY SENTEN-.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7g8v9pJTHM&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

50.  INSTAGRAM VIDEO PRANK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJ4GkxlGTO4&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

51.  IT'S SELFIE TIME (Instagram Video @ VidCon 2013).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LmnH1HR93E&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

52.  IT'S SELFIE TIME AGAIN (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cR0e8g9LU0&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

53.  LITERAL ASSASSINS CREED COSTUME SERENADE (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiWF0Q8ZzG4&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

54.  LOOK AT THIS CANADA STUFF!! (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gkm3lYsGRHQ&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

55.  LOOK WHO I FOUND!! (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLoCwk85aew&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

56.  MAC SEARCH FAIL (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNnMizrKz4M&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

57.  MINI MASTER CHIEF KID MURDERS ME! (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VR5e8N1n3UA&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

58.  MY DOG IS EMBARRASSED (Instagram video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwllGOBTcUE&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

59.  NEW YORK SNAPCHAT COMPILATION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dhv_SBlDh9w&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

60.  OFFICIAL MAROON 5 Sugar COVER (Vine).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIX63HMY2qA&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

61.  OWNED by a LITTLE GIRL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5V6WvOUcoc&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

62.  RICK ROLL VIDCON.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72JoEvFCDEI&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

63.  SEXY KLEENEX PARTY WITH TWO GUYS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPvS0aKaB00&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

64.  She recognized my Elevator Scream!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-4azHgHZtM&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

65.  SKI LIFT OF DOOM (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwZEPoZFPTU&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

66.  SOUND CHECK SONG (Instagram Video Mini-Compilation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjlxOuMwQhA&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

67.  STAGE INSTAGRAM OF DOOM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tMeAVIuz14&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

68.  THE SHAVE DANCE (feat. Sandstorm).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptXwEEQ1xwE&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

69.  THE VOICE OF ASSASSIN'S CREED'S ALTAIR! (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpI87I8y6w0&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

70.  THERE ARE ADS ON THE ADS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOOrIXEG9Oc&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

71.  Toby Dances to Sandstorm Whilst Playing Time Crisis at Arcade (vine).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHOidVZ226o&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

72.  Toby Turner  Tobuscus found Dead on 4chan (Instagram Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cj6dq9_4j0&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

73.  UPWARDS SELFIES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mievUItDgTM&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

74.  WHAT COLOR IS THIS DRESS! (blue dress parody vine).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFhx6eqRe6I&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

75.  WHAT UP, DAMSEL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fnmItCFxeA&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

76.  WHERE'S THE N SIGN (Vine).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-DHXf_vPEw&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

77.  WHY ZAYN LEFT ONE DIRECTION ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwgIVOFIvfk&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6

78.  YOU MADE IT WEIRD, DAVID.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xx7nieiH7E&list=PLz9qcY9C1aHoBErKhnOKbYRHPiuV38lk6
Best Tobuscus Vine and Instagram Videos