
Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Absolute Value Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMZfl7JvIss

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Absolute Value Inequalities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXe5fpw4tyc

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Adding and Subtracting Complex Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIEHgvry18E

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Adding and Subtracting Polynomials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uylpSQmcYZA

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Adding and Subtracting Rational Expressions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBT58K6DsJc

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Algebra and Geometry Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmIACBljcaA

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Algebraic Symbol Manipulation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbcKu0zyOxQ

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Area and Perimeter Word Problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfryT5ph-_M

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Complex Numbers and Radicals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IQJ_7Cnxk4

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Compound Inequalities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxfzFTtLLMA

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Discriminant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrhfdINTFro

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Distance-Rate-Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEbFN6pEqXk

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Dividing Complex Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0kp1_jTZes

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Dividing Rational Expressions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGa2g79q7zY

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Factoring a Quadratic Expression
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf1th8r3Q98

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Factoring by Grouping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NA_wph0XAK4

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Inequalities Involving Radicals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILjhfOAmbvA

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Linear Inequality Word Problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fB6vlShhhVc

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Linear Word Problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AamKjsqNUuc

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Mixture Problems Using Linear Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YeuyiNiof8

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiple Operations with Complex Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYtvagf_RPY

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiple Operations with Polynomials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMUpOdblM5Y

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiplication Involving Square Roots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohkLuo5LuEM

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiplication of Binomials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHUO99Y1iFU

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiplication of Polynomials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCWC4slNPhs

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiplying Complex Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3annxFhx_SE

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Multiplying Rational Expressions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfJBGJ-rQ2A

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Percentage Word Problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tI47lPTj-M

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Properties of Integer Exponents
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qpmap4oCt24

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Properties of Real Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QH5GS0SWHgg

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Quadratic Equation Word Problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE4aFG__MPg

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Quadratic Formula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lGFKbxm2oc

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Rational Exponents
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRiJBWNykjw

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Rationalizing a Denominator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eafywSBrWJ0

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Scientific Notation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SP3h1u0mLPY

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Simplified Radical Form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdABOEGmGU0

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Simplifying a Ratio of Polynomials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyg6JxKLS8c

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Simplifying Fractions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpLUXmzeEYY

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Simplifying Powers of i
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XMzXFbUyQ_w

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving a Linear Inequality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnmJL-kbGl8

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving a Quadratic Equation - Completing the Square
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0vO114AVRU

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving a Quadratic Equation, Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lN9Y9QaOk0s

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving an Equation Quadratic in Form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIkvfz8ZQtA

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving Equations Involving Radicals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm3ihHYMKcM

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving Linear Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dy6sVw3DDos

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving Rational Equations, Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPz-eNg-SbM

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Solving Rational Equations, Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2B9ml0VMBg

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Special Factoring Formulas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpdx8PYrNQY

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Square Root Addition and Subtraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZhJZRe7-wY

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Square Root Property
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7we5N1rQeaI

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus The Set of Real Numbers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPG_W5gb4GA

UC Irvine OpenCourseWare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJGR5Y-Qqac
Math 1A1B Pre-Calculus - Algebra and Geometry Review