
Al Green - Let's Stay Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COiIC3A0ROM&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Ben E. King - Stand By Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwZNL7QVJjE&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Billy Stewart - Sitting In The Park
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3O1RT392fY&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Bobby Darin - Dream Lover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98UeREfgNzE&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Bobby Day Rockin' Robin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OFESufsZG0&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Bobby Vinton Mr. Lonely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYvBBl1WAvU&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Breakin' Up Is Hard To Do - Neil Sedaka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbad22CKlB4&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Brenda Lee - Rock The Bop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2-j6eXuSRQ&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Cant Take My Eyes Off You - Frankie Valli and The 4 Seasons + lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcJm1pOswfM&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Curly Myrick - It Be's That Way (Rare Oldies Soul Music)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjfnDfnR09c&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Danny and the Juniors- At The Hop (lyrics in discription)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6EeObPCMR8&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Dion & The Belmonts - I Wonder Why (I Love You Like I Do)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TocbHLqmf4&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Everly Brothers- All I Have To Do Is DreamCathy's Clown 1960 (Reelin' In The Years Archives)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTYe9eDqxe8&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Four Tops - Ain't No Woman (Like The One I've Got)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rK3CGdyJBrI&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Frankie Lymon & The Teenagers - Why Do Fools Fall In Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU9Q7hEhQjY&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Frankie Lymon Little Bitty Pretty One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9PNVUpI19A&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Gene Chandler - The Duke of Earl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qa88gqvXJMc&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Hit the road Jack!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8Tiz6INF7I&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

In the Still of the Night - Fred Parris and The Satins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBT3oDMCWpI&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

In the Still of the Night-The Five Satins-original song-1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRb1-SAAIzs&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Johnnie & Joe - Over The Mountain, Across The Sea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDpzLIeCYSc&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Kathy Young & The Innocents - A Thousand Stars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwX4bjFrP_0&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Little Anthony Tears on My Pillow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxjQ3M_v7xc&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Little Darlin'-The Diamonds-1957
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SaHPgTdF1g&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Maurice Williams & the Zodiacs - Stay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Pd9MFSsoeE&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

One Summer Night- The Danleers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QT4LJxBBaF0&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Platters - Smoke Gets In Your Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57tK6aQS_H0&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Ritchie Valens - We Belong Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkSfMj8D-7c&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Roy Orbison - Blue Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qas5YmLCCjs&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Ruby Baby by The Drifters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpANME0IS0o&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Santo & Johnny - Sleep walk [Original instrumental]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBRCvVpknvg&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Sea Of Love - Phil Phillips & The Twilights 1959
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrkNRcyvtF4&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Something I Want To Tell You - Johnny & The Expressions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzLO1GdwN4A&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Cadillacs - Speedo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGxfRZnKPMQ&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Capris - There's A Moon Out Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t18igMWNfBI&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

THE CELLOS - UNDER YOUR SPELL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aXEMuJTT6Q&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Chantels - Maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0eKGjqchp4&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Charts - Deserie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zj1Vv4-Pj5Y&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Chords - Sh Boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSL-YtVV9U4&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Cleftones - Can't We Be Sweethearts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kato7EMyhWY&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Clovers - Love Potion Number Nine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8KDknyNzsw&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Crests - Step By Step
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEWPyxRftc0&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Del-Vikings- Whispering Bells-1957
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ao3EqVG9jXU&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Dells - Oh What A Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1ozQT8yQXA&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Drifters   -   Stand By Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaqjpfZJjpk&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Drifters - Ruby Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2hVa8KHFFU&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Duprees - You Belong To Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUGCCSAa_OQ&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Earls - Remember Then
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1igHnZts4Gs&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Earls-Its You (Doo wop)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udwC2EMDENE&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The El Dorados - At My Front Door
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12Sdmhaz3ms&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

THE FIVE SATINS -  A MILLION TO ONE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwu8FxpNfnE&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbgiOfhsBQg&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

THE FLEETWOODS - Mr. Blue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9ceb6uzG3I&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Harptones - What Will I Tell My Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OT76Kej748g&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Impalas - Sorry (I Ran All The Way Home)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9j0NXdt6ZdU&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Marcels   -   Blue Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0fy1HeJv80&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Marcels - Blue Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gFqeslmpC8&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Marvelettes - Please Mr. Postman (1961)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=425GpjTSlS4&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Penguins - Earth Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Penguins - Memories of El Monte
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3b2hIh9PEM&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Platters - Only You (And You Alone) (Original Footage HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FygIKsnkCw&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Regents - Runaround
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkTZYOrVh50&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Shangri-Las -Leader Of The Pack Video with High Quality Sound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8UKf65NOzM&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Sinceres - Don't Waste My Time (Classic Oldies)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Q8BHQqGLbE&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Temptations - Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5Z9-QCmZyw&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

The Vanguards - Somebody Please
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eL1XTRmy54&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

Tommy Edwards - It's All In The Game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gtizr2G_7Bk&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe
Best Oldies Classics (50s Music, 60s Music and Beyond)