
1 Natural numbers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/1_Natural_numbers/1_Natural_numbers.txt

10 Numbers without specific values
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/10_Numbers_without_specific_values/10_Numbers_without_specific_values.txt

11 Named numbers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/11_Named_numbers/11_Named_numbers.txt

12 See also
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/12_See_also/12_See_also.txt

13 References
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/13_References/13_References.txt

14 Further reading
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/14_Further_reading/14_Further_reading.txt

15 External links
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/15_External_links/15_External_links.txt

2 Classes of natural numbers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/2_Classes_of_natural_numbers/2_Classes_of_natural_numbers.txt

3 Integers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/3_Integers/3_Integers.txt

4 Rational numbers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/4_Rational_numbers/4_Rational_numbers.txt

5 Irrational numbers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/5_Irrational_numbers/5_Irrational_numbers.txt

6 Real numbers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/6_Real_numbers/6_Real_numbers.txt

7 Hypercomplex numbers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/7_Hypercomplex_numbers/7_Hypercomplex_numbers.txt

8 Transfinite numbers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/8_Transfinite_numbers/8_Transfinite_numbers.txt

9 Numbers representing physical quantities
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Wikipedia/Numbers/9_Numbers_representing_physical_quantiti/9_Numbers_representing_physical_quantiti.txt




1 Natural numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Natural_numbers

1.1 Mathematical significance
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Mathematical_significance

1.2 Cultural or practical significance
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Cultural_or_practical_significance

10 Numbers without specific values
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Numbers_without_specific_values

11 Named numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Named_numbers

12 See also
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#See_also

13 References
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#References

14 Further reading
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Further_reading

15 External links
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#External_links

2 Classes of natural numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Classes_of_natural_numbers

2.1 Prime numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Prime_numbers

2.2 Highly composite numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Highly_composite_numbers

2.3 Perfect numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Perfect_numbers

3 Integers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Integers

3.1 SI prefixes
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#SI_prefixes

4 Rational numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Rational_numbers

5 Irrational numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Irrational_numbers

5.1 Algebraic numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Algebraic_numbers

5.2 Transcendental numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Transcendental_numbers

5.3 Irrational but not known to be transcendental
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Irrational_but_not_known_to_be_transcendental

6 Real numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Real_numbers

6.1 Real but not known to be irrational, nor transcendental
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Real_but_not_known_to_be_irrational,_nor_transcendental

6.2 Numbers not known with high precision
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Numbers_not_known_with_high_precision

7 Hypercomplex numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Hypercomplex_numbers

7.1 Algebraic complex numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Algebraic_complex_numbers

7.2 Other hypercomplex numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Other_hypercomplex_numbers

8 Transfinite numbers
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Transfinite_numbers

9 Numbers representing physical quantities
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_numbers#Numbers_representing_physical_quantities
Numbers