
Bernard Butler on Cemetry Gates (#TQID)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WuDk0mK6Gw&pp=sAQA

John Bradley West on Frankly Mr Shankly (#TQID)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTDdFmRTWvI&pp=sAQA

Julie Hesmondhalgh on Bigmouth Strikes Again (#TQID)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEZBF9OaXfg&pp=sAQA

Lucy Porter on Some Girls Are Bigger Than Others (#TQID)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxlJcEIL4Pw&pp=sAQA

Richard Hawley on Vicar In A Tutu (#TQID)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UqJrmA3ICU&pp=sAQA

Russell Brand on There Is A Light That Never Goes Out (#TQID)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRvFc3jhMdg&pp=sAQA

Ryan Adams on Never Had No One Ever (#TQID)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qi1KVKz9Dug&pp=sAQA

Sonya Madan on I Know It's Over (#TQID)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whc9ht2wP5M&pp=sAQA

Stephen Street on The Queen Is Dead (#TQID)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGQG4jzo-P8&pp=sAQA

Stuart Maconie on The Boy With The Thorn In His Side (#TQID)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ytdulmpi1Vo&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - A Rush And A Push And The Land Is Ours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1RDbp6sa3A&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Ask (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoo9Vu1a9bU&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Asleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mF4pKSi2SU&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Back To The Old House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laXY5e5JaV0&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Bigmouth Strikes Again (Live) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj8K49Y4kpE&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Bigmouth Strikes Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtzhvJh9NRY&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Cemetry Gates (Live) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWUYxx2MpHU&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Cemetry Gates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfXqxjMkyQ4&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Frankly, Mr Shankly (Live) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oT-ap92_5GE&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Girl Afraid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVy-zkB3ESg&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Girlfriend In A Coma (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GhoWZ5qTwI&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Half A Person
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLX5Nym9fcs&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Hand In Glove
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiN-n990oE8&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now (Live on Top of The Pops '84)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfiH1HmWcm4&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjPhzgxe3L0&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - How Soon is Now (Live on Top of The Pops '85)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Svhiw-XK3aU&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - How Soon Is Now (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnpILIIo9ek&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - I Don't Owe You Anything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2mHVrIcRWo&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - I Know It's Over (Live) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNuiZSesQDg&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - I Know Its Over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6o1SEj02t0&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - I Started Something I Couldn't Finish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9YjzGbrNAs&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - I Want The One I Can't Have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wurfiu4EM24&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Never Had No One Ever (Live) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgllANCJ5mw&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Never Had No One Ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYjedww3fNo&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Nowhere Fast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_zwxCp8Blc&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Panic (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMykYSQaG_c&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Please, Please, Please, Let Me Get What I Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3qPMe_cCJk&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Pretty Girls Make Graves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGl7g_a5YLA&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Reel Around the Fountain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGboTHwZl1g&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Shakespeare's Sister
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrN__75lajY&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Sheila Take A Bow (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-8kKH4COvg&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Shoplifters Of The World Unite (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJRN76hxFz0&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Some Girls Are Bigger Than Others (Live) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BegKo0RvZIE&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Still Ill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_3oFRcTNHo&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Stop Me If You Think You've Heard This One Before (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SckD99B51IA&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Suffer Little Children
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xux9-UQ4wJ4&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - That Joke Isn't Funny Anymore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igILhbNWvlk&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - The Boy With The Thorn In His Side (Live) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nn8TiXOS3g&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - The Boy With The Thorn In His Side (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdOHPjMzY8s&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - The Headmaster Ritual
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f37lC0CSXlQ&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - The Queen Is Dead #TQID
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44Y7REllqI0&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - The Queen is Dead (Deluxe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3v2s2Q_rqc&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - The Queen Is Dead (Live) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vD0emOe5mHo&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - The Queen Is Dead - A Film By Derek Jarman (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YS3UMjNUqFM&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - The Queen Is Dead Deluxe Out Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vzoB1gGea4&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - There Is A Light That Never Goes Out (Live) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2gUTLXdeBI&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - There Is A Light That Never Goes Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siO6dkqidc4&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - This Charming Man (Live on Top of The Pops '83)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2s9ke-pKWw&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - This Night Has Opened My Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWcQqWW3QCI&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Vicar In A Tutu (Live) [Official Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtpD9YOffhg&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Vicar In A Tutu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ke2nucbxP1E&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - Well I Wonder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6psa1ptpGTc&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - What Difference Does It Make (Live on Top of the Pops, 1984)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y6UyQClEj0&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - What Difference Does It Make (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbOx8TyvUmI&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - William, It Was Really Nothing (Live on Top of The Pops '84)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6WgdPCaRgs&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - William, It Was Really Nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P22TEf4pZZs&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - You Just Haven't Earned It Yet Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jc9F0bh5OXc&pp=sAQA

The Smiths - You've Got Everything Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5H6EoPR_G0&pp=sAQA

The Smiths The Making of Meat Is Murder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCbTTlrf9b4&pp=sAQA
The Smiths