
1.  ) Video Requests Comment! ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPRfUlyZncQ

2.  10 Facts About Me!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9-gt3MxWCU

3.  13 Personal Questions Tag  Collab with Joy Georgina!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f77hOdwKoCk

4.  2014 Memories  Montage of Moments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbK0M08GXTI

5.  3 DIY Christmas ideas to decorate your hamster's cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GonAiPik6wU

6.  3 Tiny Picnic Meals  For Hamsters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thHj6OPEnl8

7.  60 Creative Cage Theme Ideas For Pets! (List).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NJyUEvvZGc

8.  A Photographer's Dream Haul!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BndMuvkcPTs

9.  A Sparkly FROZEN Room Tour!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yn37nuKlYFk

10.  A Special Thank You  100,000.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOx1gJvF7lE

11.  Addressing Your Questions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_p3erUru2o

12.  Adopting A Hamster  Pros, Myths, & Tips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLswW9UU_0g

13.  All About Carefresh Colorful Creations Bedding!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIuOh10USB0

14.  All About Hamster Chews (and chewing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAu8Pi_mD6E

15.  All About My Past Hamsters! INTERACTIVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKPIr0XiS8w

16.  All Of My Hamsters  A Speedy Slideshow!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2hEHge-fnI

17.  Amazing Rat Training Show!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVb3V27k0D4

18.  Ask us! (Collab with ChocolateColors26).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWYpZ8TU1rI

19.  Aspen vs. Carefresh review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rXkz1tJWgU

20.  ATTN Relying on YouTubers for Pet Advice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS03SrrcFl0

21.  AUTUMN  My 5 Favorite Things!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FneTP0Y8Ew4

22.  Autumn Beauty  Relaxing Nature & Landscapes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhgwIH8CrXM

23.  AUTUMN Hamster Cage Theme! (2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8mAs-WNgGc

24.  BACK TO SCHOOL Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfYZcPI7wGI

25.  Baklava explores his new cage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWSqN4k4gUc

26.  Baklava's playpen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWv4L6_W3m0

27.  Bathtub As A HAMSTER PLAYPEN!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjkuVvpiwqA

28.  BEACH  OCEAN Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GI2Gy9pTQdw

29.  BIG Collective Pet Haul! VACATION VLOG #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnNfdxVhaa8

30.  BIG Collective Pet Haul!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmhGCbnu1h4

31.  Big Hamster Supply Haul!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b73iP766qKY

32.  BIG Hamster Tank Project  D.I.Y..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPzMbyQjil4

33.  Birthday HAUL! (Pet Stuff + Clothing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRfCL72UUDE

34.  Brand new Facebook page!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Pyc5-AfLyA

35.  Caring For Your Hamster While You Are Sick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaOJJSPlrao

36.  Carob Samples Cake (FAIL) ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlqifdpI5-w

37.  Carob Updates!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5Up4UBuifk

38.  Carob's AUTUMN Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoSKzjAJQ3g

39.  Carob's CHRISTMAS Hamster Cage Theme  2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6iLlqcsN9Q

40.  Carob's CHRISTMAS Hamster Cage Tour  2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUPbioafGJ4

41.  Carob's Christmas Pet Haul  2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAye9qMAkts

42.  Carob's HALLOWEEN Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEcznOKKtcQ

43.  Carob's HELLO KITTY  CHRISTMAS Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnMorTkoBpg

44.  Carob's NATURAL Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34rZW6KgqR8

45.  Carob's SPRINGTIME Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AToOWdakYA

46.  Carob's VALENTINE'S DAY Hamster Cage Theme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnB-rnRH12A

47.  Channel Update  New Playlist Addition Coming Tomorrow!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mMq07ciKXU

48.  Christmas Decorating, Olaf Onesies, & Unicorn Hoodies!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9ER83YHN7I

49.  Christmas Package Trade with ChocolateColors26! (2013).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ak9F97Eo-cM

50.  Christmas Trade Package with ChocolateColors26! (2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iK_rMnEV8BA

51.  Christmas Trade Package with SparkleGirl00! (2016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAN6w1iMPYY

52.  CINDERELLA Hamster Cage Theme! (Kashi's Playcage).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2bm_pa64c4

53.  Cleaning My Aquarium Tank!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1VSZCV8ABk

54.  Cleaning Streudel's cage - Timelapse!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41PJYDUx5kI

55.  Cleaning Sumatra's Cage! (A Timelapse).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKa_EYrKRJ0

56.  Cleaning Yodel's Cage! (Timelapse).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1P42Plrwd3M

57.  COLLECTIVE HAUL! (Pet, Random, Clothing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeictuSvlVw

58.  COLORFUL CIRCLE Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nD-9qurHbX0

59.  Connecting Kashi's Tanks Together  Ideas & Ramblings  Vlog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M90sFRNkoFQ

60.  Contest Shoutouts & Sketches!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMt87M9-Eco

61.  Contest WINNERS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyKX1zjnSqg

62.  Creating Kashi's Homemade Food Mix  Hamster Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Tmc4RBNv3I

63.  Cute Hamster Kashi Washes Her Feet & Eats Lettuce! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w__Fnnl81xQ

64.  Decorating My Hamster Tank, DIY Stairs, & Secret Project Reveal!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbsWaxPNgxU

65.  DESERT Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q5ZRyivezN4

66.  Designing A Cage Theme (Step by Step + Timelapse).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VYMRKcR0dU

67.  DIY Cage Modifications.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qciKWatVnYo

68.  DIY HALLOWEEN Garland (FREE Printable Template!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJyZJGBfstM

69.  DIY HALLOWEEN Ghosts (Decorate a HAMSTER cage!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHbsfl7lxdU

70.  DIY Hamster Cage Diagram + Building Plans!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oc7DmjO3rw

71.  DIY Hamster Cage Expansion Plans & Ideas  VLOG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ntnLIegqG0

72.  Draw My Life Pt. 2  My Hamster Journey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Z-sRXtQYCQ

73.  Dumpling's Christmas Hamster Cage Tour  2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHxIGjZ9e7A

74.  Dumpling's Tiny Picnic Adventure!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z835Gp2cO_8

75.  EASTER  SPRING Hamster Cage Theme! (Kashi's Playcage).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv4tHSnkYsc

76.  EASTER Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLEmLEcTkIo

77.  Easy $3 DIY Hamster Playpen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owtibCd-ygA

78.  FAQ + Bonus Singing!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMFQ92b-m08

79.  FARM Themed Hamster Cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxFYDLnoQs0

80.  Feeding elderly or toothless hamsters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awU-uq4313c

81.  FROZEN Themed Hamster Cage (Dwarf Hamster Sisters!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KptBaJeWFAw

82.  FROZEN Themed Hamster Cage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7FCsdTWaAw

83.  Fun Goodwill Haul! ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egiol052tIg

84.  Gingersnap  A Cute Camera Shy Hamster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXYy8ulAziM

85.  GINGERSNAP and the Gerber Puff!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkSNZdUxtaE

86.  Gingersnap Cuteness + Computer Reformat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AKzRnnJvZ8

87.  Gingersnap's FAIRY Themed Hamster Cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jC27rcyTo8

88.  Gingersnap's HALLOWEEN Hamster CAGE TOUR.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EU04LcB7Gy4

89.  Gingersnap's NATURAL Cage Tour - 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiZu85ZUcHc

90.  Gingersnap's SANTA Themed Hamster Cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sca9gvT3AWo

91.  Gingersnap's VALENTINE'S DAY Cage Tour! - 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4p1_tarsSI

92.  Ginormous Collective Pet Haul! VACATION VLOG #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0AWXBmAhno

93.  Girly Haul  Clothing & Jewelry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMm-3EO39LQ

94.  Going On VACATION To Visit......ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToS6rUgPQBA

95.  Habitrail OVO Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cLA67GRn2E

96.  Habitrail OVOs + Mini Room Update!  VLOG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kf0e5TTsQAU

97.  HAM CAM 1700 of Hamster Exploring In Cage  Ep. #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KaHrr7CMFA

98.  HAM CAM 2500 of Hamster Exploring In Cage  Ep. #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yejW-_kEBLU

99.  Hamster Cuteness! (with Sumatra).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVsmeePV8r8

100.  Hamster D.I.Y. Wooden Platform (Instructions).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSnaQfyHa_Y

101.  Hamster First Aid Kit - ft. Taxonomist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6z3_rybvTo

102.  Hamster Kashi Explores Again!  Savannah Grasslands & Desert Oasis Cage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx7x13AkOBc

103.  Hamster Kashi Explores Her Rainforest Cage for the First Time!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXqyd3EAp4o

104.  Hamster Night Cam  Relax & Watch Kashi Explore!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg5HFq6DRCA

105.  Hamster Night Cam!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFVJPqSvTS8

106.  Hamster Personality Survey  RESULTS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_z1WsQ2cfhs

107.  Hamster Personality Survey CLOSED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYv4vwlBQh4

108.  Hamster Plans & What Would Hamsters Sound Like  Q&A ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2cmpPc2ij0

109.  HAMSTER ROOM TOUR + FROZEN!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdvqfFvxlyw

110.  HAMSTER ROOM TOUR! 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ww7IYe5m8bk

111.  Hamster Supplies Collection  2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ib25MWLhVo8

112.  Hamster Supplies Collection 2016  PART 1 of 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KB5uVw325Bc

113.  Hamster Supplies Collection 2016  PART 2 of 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkKdRHzSmAs

114.  Hamster Supplies Haul  Kashi's Birthday Gifts!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wu5qqBL6wBk

115.  Hamster Toys & Merch Collection!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buTakLXJVWM

116.  Hamster Travel Bin Cage (Double-Decker).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujy_81CXcHM

117.  Hamster Treat Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwaA0YDRJ4c

118.  Hamster updates and BIG news!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41rrMYsOBjc

119.  HAMSTER UPDATES! Current Hamsters Cage Swap Channel Plans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h26ZKtRZz2I

120.  HAMSTERS 101 with HeroHammy!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNUDIusgKTY

121.  Happy Updates & Happy New Year! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2xRifmIA9I

122.  HAUL  Pet, Clothing, & Accessories!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_MblP0JfFQ

123.  HAUL! - Petco, Hello Kitty, + hamster hellos!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngiTjeDaDzA

124.  HAUL! Pet Bedding + Clothing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5wCAn6aI0o

125.  Haul! Pet Products & Girly Goodies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePEz-Dkc8Qo

126.  HELLO KITTY Hamster Cage Theme! (+ Secret).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gb4fDL4Fv4o

127.  HH's Secret Santa name drawing!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zS8OJd2W74

128.  Holiday Room Tour 2013 +toobs +news!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pI_jtlfEHE

129.  HOLIDAY ROOM TOUR! 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDCs9SHnb8s

130.  HOLIDAY ROOM TOUR! 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFJSI_QcrPg

131.  HOLIDAY ROOM TOUR! 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7a-F4fiR93g

132.  HoppingHammy's Holiday Intro  Christmas 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nv8XG8Qest8

133.  HoppingHammy's Holiday Intro  Christmas 2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3qiPe0miN0

134.  How to build a DIY hamster cage! Instructions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQBhiR9m1bw

135.  How to CONVINCE YOUR PARENTS for a HAMSTER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdzpWCKkMC0

136.  How To Cope With Your Hamster's Passing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0v0hT05Bldg

137.  How to Photo shoot with your hamster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16so8o4erVY

138.  How To Put Together A Hamster Cage Theme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvtRzvyf8kk

139.  HUGE Clothing Haul!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YxZNoHtOB4

140.  I Met Taxonomist!! (Again!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvB_zmgy2Yo

141.  In Focus EPISODE #1 - Spotlight series about YOU!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOfAttcOZyc

142.  In Focus EPISODE #2 - Spotlight series about YOU!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WV7a-tEcsxc

143.  In Focus EPISODE #3 - HALLOWEEN + Bloopers!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnzFmYySTG4

144.  In Focus EPISODE #4 - Cage Edition!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTPHSM_ZqHk

145.  In Focus INTRO - Spotlight series about YOU!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kk8JjlGzDg

146.  INTERMISSION! Cute Hamsters - Sumatra & Gingersnap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8_1sC-CdSk

147.  It's Q&A Time! Do You Have A Question ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo0u3Jwdcqk

148.  It's Time For A Q&A! ) CLOSED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dToKkuboPbw

149.  Kashi Explores Her Cinderella Themed Cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEINlWdcb_s

150.  Kashi Explores Her Easter Themed Cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvKa4EaB7CY

151.  Kashi is Making Progress! ?? (Taming Update).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX_9p_LeVLA

152.  Kashi Updates & Life Updates! ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dw7lCgZK7k

153.  Kashi's Adoption Story! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJs9povoneU

154.  Kashi's New Hamster Cage Setup (Recreated Rainforest).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgQ2dY2ENA8

155.  Kashi's Rainforest Cage Is Getting A Makeover! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEIH9lVwsCM

156.  Kashi's Taming Tank  Taming My Newly Adopted Hamster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDG6lNmOnCE

157.  Large Collective Pet Store Haul!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqzelnX6uhQ

158.  Leave your questions for a Q & A! (CLOSED).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKWz0f3j3Lw

159.  LED Lights For A Hamster Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shGehR-rMws

160.  Let's Catch Up! ?? Chatty Video + Autumn Room Decor!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5AUxNLSFLU

161.  Let's Have A Chat! ?? When Will I Get Another Hamster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_Sx2ZnE1b8

162.  Life And Channel Updates! ?? ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EFGQQDD3OA

163.  LISA FRANK Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuOmcWgYO4M

164.  Meet Davenport! VACATION VLOG #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41F1FOAN-ro

165.  Meet Pocket -  A Short Tailed Opossum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTkMicYHtms

166.  Meet Teaspoon! (Taxonomist's Hamster) VACATION VLOG #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uw7ZzkH4PkI

167.  Merry Christmas! (Adorable hamster footage).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGMpXCUWKIw

168.  Milkweed  A Cute Roborovski Hamster!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7LLHUDIKb0

169.  Mini Autumn Room Tour!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dO3zOT1WO0k

170.  Mini Haul + New Cage Theme Reveal!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4znWZapWDg4

171.  Mini Thrift Store Haul!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JcADSLRcMho

172.  MONSTERS Inc.  University Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNRuTkOCWdc

173.  Mushroom  A Sweet Chinese Hamster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CQD0Z7f3f0

174.  My 5 Favorite Hamster Products  2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANIt_-zlCzM

175.  My Biggest Hamster Mistakes ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVBn0TRWcwI

176.  My Claire's Haul!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iqT7wl0zNA

177.  My Current Hamsters Future Hamster Q&A! OUTDATED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqaklbwrDq8

178.  My Favorite Things.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-lQSDeQEcg

179.  My Hamster Cage Evolution & Progression Through the Years.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OppPVWJmUB4

180.  My Hamster Food Dish Collection! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILFz7KcpeGQ

181.  My Hamster Toys & Supplies! (2013).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IH94mI8mDuA

182.  My Idea For New Cage Themes  Your Thoughts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Awa7e7QO1Y

183.  My Last Hamster Haul Forever! ?? (JK).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBalQxuxtzU

184.  My Movie Theater Office Room Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8797qOGbIK4

185.  My New Channel Announcement! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odJ5VNOPot8

186.  My Top 5 Favorite Hamster Products for 2018!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h65X5vZ1FvM

187.  My trip to PetSmart!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJpyt6nOSjE

188.  My Trip to PV Pets  Vlog!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8v3VS2GekeQ

189.  My Trip to the Zoo! VACATION VLOG #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1pb3ssCAWs

190.  My Vacation & Meetup with.....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=df3pQJv7aos

191.  NEW HAMSTER ROOM TOUR 2016!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_IBDznNN84

192.  Nom Nom Nom all day! - with Wonton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rm2Hj-Zcuog

193.  NYC + Pet Shop! VACATION VLOG #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1Eh42NS8g8

194.  OFFICIAL Hamster Room Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vocibPNrXA

195.  Pet Ownership Requires Making Sacrifices ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XhX4jB2-b9g

196.  PET STORE TRIP! (Summer Throwback 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OD8rbTD8XF0

197.  PET STORE VLOG  That Fish Place That Pet Place!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZ7tN4xpURg

198.  Petco HAUL! (Unboxing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_NDpMmgCCI

199.  Planning the DIY Cage Decor & Design (Early Stages).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e_C8-yDFIU

200.  Playpen Time With Carob!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wwnkru7VzYM

201.  PRETTY IN PURPLE Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2McLHLAhT4g

202.  Pudding & Dumpling Updates!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Yk4a7OBNm8

203.  Pudding & Dumpling's BIG news!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjGLMTm0OEY

204.  Pudding & Dumpling's COLORFUL CHRISTMAS CAGE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcJgfOMWdko

205.  Pudding & Dumpling's HALLOWEEN Hamster Cage Tour!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKN7LDegLTo

206.  PUDDING & DUMPLING's Playpen Time!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VzR7u2OmIU

207.  PUNCHI inspired nail polish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJIoOM4I3oc

208.  Q&A  Answering Your Questions! (with Olaf).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VytdHY_82eU

209.  Q&A  Answers  Fall 2016 ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQxKxEMl2Tg

210.  Q&A  Ask questions!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbUbTnpJVQ0

211.  Q&A (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCdDVeAMLdQ

212.  Q&A - (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhPP6iE4Ajg

213.  Q&A Collaboration with ChocolateColors26!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Zd_I_NgUjk

214.  Quick & Fun Channel Survey!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhnJc_Bqsts

215.  Quick Tip #1 Attach water bottle in bin or tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWXM7ukMyqs

216.  Quick Tip #2 Storing your hamster's extra food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_urhLzoKzYg

217.  Quick Tip #3 Cute food dishes (on a budget!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyxI4jE3MMc

218.  Random FALL HAUL!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CApG6qclnk

219.  Recipe Creation Mini Hamster Tacos!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDHm5PxHLX8

220.  Remembering Pudding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_h66-NQDy0

221.  Responsible Pet Ownership  When NOT To Get A Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIXflnAI5U8

222.  ROOM TOUR! My Hamster Area & Office (Movie Themed).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvH_mJFspPs

223.  Sampling Hamster Food! (Yum or Yuck).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqLT-sMoPWA

224.  Sampling Hamster Treats! (Another Taste Test).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUDVBiYdBMk

225.  Sanitizing Wood (for hamsters).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lkc6JeB69gI

226.  Secret Santa 2013 + A Surprise Guest!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7Ym_XHs8oE

227.  SECRET SANTA 2014!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8QTiWQH_tg

228.  Shopping at A Mega Bird Store! (with Taxonomist).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hgq103blvtA

229.  Shopping at That Fish Place That Pet Place!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9LQhTVC4Fs

230.  Short Refresh Break...Be Back Soon! ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qxaAdTWtzs

231.  Shoutout to Erin'sHamsters!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNQoCa9ivVI

232.  Sleepy Sumatra Sneaks Stealthily!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INhW-GDknD0

233.  Small HAUL  Hamster Supplies & Clothing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bT2hMn2t2qs

234.  Spot Cleaning & Tidying Kashi's Cage (Again!) Timelapse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GD3Sf5oTkGg

235.  Spot Cleaning & Tidying Kashi's Rainforest Cage ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvOY71bv2tM

236.  Spot Cleaning My Hamster Cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3UEjAq3yAc

237.  Spring Themed Cage Tour  8 Ft. Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhAOCyDi-CE

238.  Springtime Pet Haul!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTFssvn-A3Q

239.  Storing Your Extra Hamster Treats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMiDlKRbrhI

240.  Streudel - Then & Now (4 weeks - 9 months).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlImKnGN2AA

241.  Streudel's Christmas Cage Tour! - Dec. 2013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIJiIlCusDw

242.  Streudel's Outdoor adventure - A photo story..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_E3sz2mH0Q

243.  Streudel's St Patrick's Day Cage Tour - 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Z6Y8o5toHk

244.  Streudel, Rambling, & Google+.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Yh0QLO-t7U

245.  Substrates I Use In My Hamster's Habitat ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oB1VEVbRr60

246.  Sumatra's ARCTIC CHILL Hamster Cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58WTqPYSPJw

247.  Sumatra's AUTUMN Hamster Cage Theme! - 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTcbFycktkY

248.  Sumatra's Hamster Cage Tour - May 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkfjXE9qi7Y

249.  SUMMER Themed Hamster Cage Tour!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiFbFExNEQ0

250.  Surprise Package From HammyLux! ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tA9eKdfRegY

251.  SWEETS Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlSRVYSnVYU

252.  Taking A Refresh Break...Be Back Soon! ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjR0sau-klw

253.  Talking hamster card.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nu9ifthpxkI

254.  Taming Streudel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPoWnFO-nsA

255.  TAMING YOUR HAMSTER - Tips & Talk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgUKGSiLAYw

256.  Tank Size Comparisons for Hamsters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeEa73a3Trs

257.  Thank You + chance to win a custom sketch! (CLOSED).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJlHmF20o98

258.  That Fish Place That Pet Place  Vlog!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WZe4mnA0zY

259.  That Fish Place That Pet Place! VLOG!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_Gkmdn0qew

260.  The Carolina Storm Express Wheel Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5fW6K_1YnQ

261.  The Dangers of Breeding  Dulce's Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEltMKK_gsc

262.  The Final Cage Update Finishing Fun DIY Projects & A Plant Haul! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mz4AJ5E0s3o

263.  The New DIY Hamster Cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dKvyz56hvE

264.  The Photography Tag!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mzk-k1cdMC0

265.  THRIFT SHOPPING! (For Hamster Supplies) PT. 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSnBzw35Ucc

266.  THRIFT SHOPPING! (For Hamster Supplies) PT. 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9udoxut-o0

267.  TOP 5 favorite hamster toys! (2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84JrS8CQS40

268.  Trade Package with Joy Georgina!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZ4lO9u7c28

269.  Transformed From Hamster Cage to Zen Garden! ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rUabRiPyto

270.  Trip to That Fish Place That Pet Place! VACATION VLOG #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEs7X0art5Y

271.  Trip to That Fish Place That Pet Place! VACATION VLOG #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8BPwSEr8aE

272.  Twilight Inspired Nail Polish Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAR-aD5BT4U

273.  Using a Puzzle Playground cube in a bin cage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKX0IILZzUs

274.  VALENTINE'S DAY CAGE THEME! (Pudding & Dumpling).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0yo3K0eMvo

275.  Valentine's Day Package Trade with FuzzyPolkaDot! (2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KXtzp-qB0Q

276.  Valentine's Day Package Trade with FuzzyPolkaDot! (2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rk3IA1qaB30

277.  Video Updates + Hamster Cuteness!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSjZxM8O3Mw

278.  Vintage Hamster Cage + HAUL!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWuRVPBbjJ4

279.  Visiting Lake Tobias Wildlife Park & Safari (with Taxonomist!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxPQsQd5Q88

280.  Vitakraft Trail Mix Hamster Treats Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_I4_iVS93g

281.  VLOG # 2 - New hamster, New tank, & New Year!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sg9WHY6qFBo

282.  VLOG # 3 - Moving forward, Small Pet Haul, & Gingersnap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z79kxHrXZgg

283.  VLOG # 6 My Room is Changing + Mini Shoutout!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xd3ZbKG392E

284.  VLOG # 7 Dumpling, Decor, & A Rabbit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE4M7SaiDzA

285.  VLOG # 8 Carob, Christmas & Catching Up!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9tParsdlAnE

286.  VLOG #1 - Toobs, Hamsters, & Sniffles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTCJKJsUQBo

287.  VLOG #10 Cage Changing Timelapse!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yvf8NcKD9I

288.  VLOG #11 Carob's Rice Pop Obsession + Moss Balls + An Ice Queen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcGuzsc93yg

289.  Vlog #12 The Cold Never Bothered Me Anyway!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxdCEKmcGhk

290.  Vlog #13 Testing Out A New Camera + Mini Cage Tours!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQdy5bx4PRM

291.  VLOG #4 - Hamster Updates & Christmas Decorating!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MM2PPsfKXD0

292.  VLOG #5 - Organizing Supplies & Cute Hamsters!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sp1USFgCZsY

293.  VLOG #9 Carob's New Tank, A Haul, + A Shoutout!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpPGL38nr5g

294.  Ware Flying Saucer - REVIEW.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLp4F2eYFSs

295.  Weighing Your HAMSTER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_Hx3simTcE

296.  Welcome Yodel!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x71TDJ9r06k

297.  What Carob & I Got For Christmas  2016.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIqztYzyqCs

298.  What's in my bag (Psst...take a peek!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gUp9QFS4NA

299.  Wonton recovering after a stroke.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YeP3Rn3MODw

300.  Wonton's Wonderland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcHJ7EgWCSg

301.  Yodel Makes An Appearance! cuteness!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uALNWJ6-U7Y

302.  Yodel taming time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=matBAZ0m1K8

303.  Yodel's Christmas Cage Tour! - Dec. 2013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxFgkk9lhHw

304.  Yodel's HALLOWEEN Cage Tour! - Oct. 2013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvaI8X-KHTg

305.  Yodel's Updated Cage Tour! - Sept. 2013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mw0dUDyPQJw

306.  Yodel's VALENTINE'S DAY Cage Tour! - 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJxvNpNQHoY

307.  YouTube tips + a HUGE thank you! (6,000).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jUja3Zq9ZA

308.  ~ Goodbye Carob ~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3ijDsL7T44

309.  ~ Goodbye Gingersnap ~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1enowsw0Q0

310.  ~ Goodbye Kashi ~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Btvkeu4ckfg

311.  ~ Goodbye Streudel ~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peTC_Fj3IiA

312.  ~ Goodbye Sumatra ~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFC4Fz8ryPQ

313.  ~ Goodbye Yodel ~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nLIATTPrz8

314.  ~ Pudding & Dumpling's Official Tribute ~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=it6C89X6qj4

315.  ~Baklava's tribute~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwHpWDzGa0Y

316.  ~SURPRISE!!!~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGTXNZ5IHio

317.  ~~Happy Halloween!~~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81y6LEcCIBQ

318.  ? My Everyday Makeup Routine! ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4Jn4U4Wxt4

319.  ? Sweet Photos of Carob ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wD_OsmGglEk

320.  ? Gingersnap's Adoption Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqw_yeT4TUw

321.  ? Sumatra's Adoption Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iXzZKGSC7s

322.  ? SURPRISE! Meet the Cuties + Adoption Story!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y97XBcmlUqc

323.  ? SURPRISE! Welcome Kashi!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftvUmQfCCaU

324.  ? Welcome Carob + Adoption Story!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjfpBSenj7Y

325.  ? Welcome Gingersnap!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CLg4lZaNdM

326.  ? Welcome Sumatra!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVDC9Kkc-qQ

327.  ? Questions & Answers # 1 - with Yodel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5gaEw3begQ

328.  ? What the pets (and I) got for Christmas 2013 ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ciC-QjEwkA

329.  ? What the pets (and I) got for Christmas 2014 ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxcJn71RbBI

330.  ?? Top 5 Reasons Why I Love Hamsters ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNQNJbymPmU

331.  ?? Pocket Stars Again! (Short-Tailed Opossum) ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxgIysQ0eEo

332.  ?? Kashi's AVATAR Inspired Hamster Cage Tour!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICuGlM2B93k

333.  ??Nightly Hamster Routine with Kashi! (Easy Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeleiXNVHVg

334.  ?? NATURAL Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ez850QYo0Rw

335.  ?? DESERT Themed Hamster Cage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcKt_8x1yCM

336.  ?? Savannah Grasslands & Desert Oasis Hamster Cage Theme! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YjTSm78eAk

337.  ??RAINFOREST Hamster Cage Theme! (New DIY Cage).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byAfejQk5i8

338.  ?? UNDERWATER Hamster Cage Theme! (Kashi's Playcage).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teFNQJVeP6s

339.  ?? Rat Playpen Time  3 Mischievous Ratties!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WX4WxbO1xaM

340.  ?? 10 Fun Facts About My Hamster Kashi!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un8B25iWR-U

341.  ?? Hamster Haul & Kashi Updates! (Vlog).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLeWUYX_c2o

342.  ?? My Hamster Kashi's Food Diet  Mix + Mix-Ins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2UVeaVrFv8

343.  ?? My New Hamster Area + Filming Studio! (Room Tour) ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHorQQRe-Vg

344.  ?? ?? Kashi's 1 Year Birthday Party! Happy Birthday! ?? ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RyEcxor97WE

345.  ?? Pride & Pet Ownership  Giving & Taking Criticism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5gh51oax_8

346.  ?? ROOM TOUR  Valentine's Themed Decor! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KG46w6E-3MU

347.  ?? Thank You So Much! ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_noHheou6o

348.  ?? Kashi's VALENTINE'S DAY Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WuWlf0Y_bM

349.  ?? Draw My Life Hamster Edition!  Pt. 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCQ1C3fMbi4

350.  ?? UNICORN Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hu8NxMOXC3A

351.  ????? MERMAID Hamster Cage Theme!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPT0FA2sLzE
HoppingHammy - Videos