
5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Beauty Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHNja9aIXNg&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Quarantine Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCEEplSRsd4&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqiZzRp4f2Y&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

A Crazy Day In The Life Of 21 Year Old Parents!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGkkBKffx8w&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

A Day in My Life (1623521)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ox0OiKaRIy0&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

A Day in My Life (1918454)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ox0OiKaRIy0&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

A Day in My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ox0OiKaRIy0&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

A RANDOM STRANGER PUT A SPELL ON ME IN TEXAS..  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2NBYkQrZkU&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Addressing Your Assumptions About Me (DRUNK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-ISAWzZ5Bc&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Addressing Your Assumptions About Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRwEf1-ti3o&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Adventures in Vegan Cooking (1140847)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ahNqOrn6Z0&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Adventures in Vegan Cooking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ahNqOrn6Z0&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

ANDREW LOWE'S EXTREMELY POINTLESS CAR RIDE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIEHIxSQKFY&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

APARTMENT TOUR 2017! HUGE LOFT IN NYC!  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejcHNfLB6R8&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Asking Freshman About College Parties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzJp1YsLCB0&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Asking Hypebeasts About Brands That Don’t Exist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yEo50KkUZ0&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

ASKING STRANGERS 'FAMILY FRIENDLY QUESTIONS'  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykqeIZuemyU&list=PLPThH_B7lMrTPJRB2xG8n-9gbVYhOAnd2

Asking Strangers About Corona Virus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ro7ur5OwPM8&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Asking Strangers About Fake Coachella Lineups
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icHSpiaksQE&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Asking Strangers About Millennials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7B6j4838rA&list=PL4HBag6XfPvIhxL7Hl5ieZVAmRZYjmkBO

Asking Strangers About Porn (1335054)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXBQGFol0D0&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Asking Strangers About Porn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXBQGFol0D0&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Asking Strangers About Their New Year's Resolutions (1927362)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XdrRY_2YzY&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Asking Strangers About Their New Year's Resolutions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XdrRY_2YzY&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Asking Strangers How They Lost Their Virginity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUD0VoNFDyo&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

Asking Strangers If Hot Dogs Are a Sandwich or Not (1099098)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bW9oeEZ_CdI&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Asking Strangers If Hot Dogs Are a Sandwich or Not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bW9oeEZ_CdI&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Asking Strangers If I Have Big Dck Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWqQhEJnNVk&list=PL6pNj7y2LWPOJWGAMD5V3aNrAFQfhgaaD

Asking Strangers Stoner Questions  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=povqfk7eXfI&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Asking White People Where They're Really From
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxh-_fxYrAU&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Astialdi busca alternativas de ocio educativo tras la cancelación de los udalekus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGF1fswh5_k&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Attempting to Decorate Gingerbreads with Tiny Hands (1000455)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgkLu29IKv4&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Attempting to Decorate Gingerbreads with Tiny Hands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgkLu29IKv4&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

Best Friends Play Truth or Dare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kouUbpu1dO0&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Black-Owned Restaurant Mukbang (rants, storytimes, etc.) (1342353)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gI35XVPWoLE&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Black-Owned Restaurant Mukbang (rants, storytimes, etc.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gI35XVPWoLE&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

Blacking Out at My First Wine Tasting  Chris Klemens (1063805)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgQ1CACFVp0&list=PL6pNj7y2LWPOJWGAMD5V3aNrAFQfhgaaD

Blacking Out at My First Wine Tasting  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgQ1CACFVp0&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Boujee on a Budget - Merrell Twins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mkqfx-fGdjk&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

breaking into my high school at my high school reunion  Chris Klemens (1262674)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zY2igKeDHPo&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

breaking into my high school at my high school reunion  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zY2igKeDHPo&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Bubble Wrap Pain Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCv6dT6RUo4&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

CALLING RANDOM PEOPLE IN STRANGERS' PHONES  Chris Klemens (1208033)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWhjXRfGXoY&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

CALLING RANDOM PEOPLE IN STRANGERS' PHONES  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWhjXRfGXoY&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Chit Chat MUKBANG feat. CHRIS KLEMENS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVtWOnWhL4w&list=PL4HBag6XfPvIhxL7Hl5ieZVAmRZYjmkBO

CHRIS KLEMENS CONTROLS WHAT I SAY  Andrew Lowe (1741032)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MghBtYBJ5VE&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

CHRIS KLEMENS CONTROLS WHAT I SAY  Andrew Lowe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MghBtYBJ5VE&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Chris Klemens Hates Avocado Balls Because of This!  Snackable Food Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-ljYD1-uX8&list=PLY0_Wn1crVanpXJKWc4OPm3k-vPOaKCOQ

Chrissy Teigen Made Us Banana Bread (1873084)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6j9_UWcsKc&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Chrissy Teigen Made Us Banana Bread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6j9_UWcsKc&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

Christine and I Go Wig Shopping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5fbZQU8gbY&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

christine being a drunk mess...again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yw-NtMR17I0&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Christine Sydelko and I Ask Strangers About Sex  Chris Klemens (1431334)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3YBu4bD8yI&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Christine Sydelko and I Ask Strangers About Sex  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3YBu4bD8yI&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

CHRISTINE SYDELKO VS. CHRIS KLEMENS Cut Into Small Pieces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyZaTS7EQmM&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

CHRISTINE SYDELKO'S EXTREMELY POINTLESS CAR RIDE  Chris Klemens (1384769)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XbpdjMu4wE&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

CHRISTINE SYDELKO'S EXTREMELY POINTLESS CAR RIDE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XbpdjMu4wE&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Cleaning Out My Closet (1685449)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lisxvNEd5nQ&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Cleaning Out My Closet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lisxvNEd5nQ&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

Cooking Thanksgiving Dinner but It's Edibles (1357143)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBlou3SCyZY&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Cooking Thanksgiving Dinner but It's Edibles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBlou3SCyZY&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

Decorating Our New House (watch out Mr. Kate)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0D8_jyR8RSc&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

DOING EVERY TREND OF 2017 WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens (1534312)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5shJDM4pUY0&list=PL6pNj7y2LWPOJWGAMD5V3aNrAFQfhgaaD

DOING EVERY TREND OF 2017 WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5shJDM4pUY0&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Drunk Painting My Nike Sneakers (1521484)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-7CSqZUci4&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Drunk Painting My Nike Sneakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-7CSqZUci4&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Drunk Thanksgiving Leftovers Mukbang (1519172)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rl6ZfYJ2bI&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Drunk Thanksgiving Leftovers Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rl6ZfYJ2bI&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

DRUNKENLY INTERVIEWING VERY DRUNK PEOPLE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGFnqGbBBHs&list=PL63AYeWu5Fz6XXo0_1oMi8GfDZ7T241DL

Dyeing My Hair the Louis Vuitton Pattern
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO7u0Te9uxQ&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Dyeing My Hair Tie Dye (1775443)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFxJmeMYgZw&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Dyeing My Hair Tie Dye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFxJmeMYgZw&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Dyeing My Hair Tiger Print
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_xkexC0c_k&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Dyeing My Hair to Match the Sky (1306392)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EVvLUlG0hI&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Dyeing My Hair to Match the Sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EVvLUlG0hI&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Every Basic to Bougie Episode (Season 1)  MTV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRYIAE5Haxo&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

FACING OUR BIGGEST FEARS!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAaMKv92Rw4&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Fast Food Chains I've Never Had (TASTE TEST) (1482517)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkIHrRyT46c&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Fast Food Chains I've Never Had (TASTE TEST)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkIHrRyT46c&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

Fast Food French Fry Taste Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xc45lY8AKlk&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

Fast Food I've Never Ordered Taste Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QjTQ4QEIf4&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

Filling the Mold of My Face (Insane Face Casting)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCkkj8JXnhk&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Following Jenna Marbles Follow a Bob Ross Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRkhV_AyA-Y&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Footage You've Never Seen Before (1272458)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfpO5XU9AXQ&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Footage You've Never Seen Before (1489780)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfpO5XU9AXQ&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Footage You've Never Seen Before 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-E-GJmcWQw&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

Footage You've Never Seen Before 3 (1061855)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0XOrQOhquI&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Footage You've Never Seen Before 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0XOrQOhquI&list=PLPThH_B7lMrTPJRB2xG8n-9gbVYhOAnd2

Footage You've Never Seen Before 4 (1274144)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JN81U9YxX7I&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Footage You've Never Seen Before 4 (1456491)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JN81U9YxX7I&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Footage You've Never Seen Before 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JN81U9YxX7I&list=PLPThH_B7lMrTPJRB2xG8n-9gbVYhOAnd2

Footage You've Never Seen Before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfpO5XU9AXQ&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Gabriel Aresti izan da ateak zabaldu dituen lehen euskaltegia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHfYwoMy5bc&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

getting high for the first time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErEsE9ea6Uo&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

GETTING MESSY IN HAWAII WITH CHRISTINE AND ASHLYNN (PART 1)  Chris Klemens (1472425)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i20ilCSP3I&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

GETTING MESSY IN HAWAII WITH CHRISTINE AND ASHLYNN (PART 1)  Chris Klemens (1983027)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i20ilCSP3I&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

GETTING MESSY IN HAWAII WITH CHRISTINE AND ASHLYNN (PART 1)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i20ilCSP3I&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Giving My Friend's Dog a Haircut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIxY-iosNs4&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Giving My Roommate's Dog a Bubble Bath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93Hvb9LwFFw&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Going Home and Surprising My Mom (Not Emotional AT ALL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09cTWRSUr84&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Going Through Every Old Report Card with My Mom (BRUTAL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FsxUJ9Fok0&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

GOING THROUGH STRANGERS' BROWSER HISTORY  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvxXkzjrKxI&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Grocery Store Trash MUKBANG w Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTkBfm8-KBo&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Help with videos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lVxZF46rpc&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

HER LIFE CHANGING SURGERY!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izOj-j47BO4&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

HOW I LOST SO MUCH WEIGHT SO FAST...THE TRUTH (40 POUNDS!!)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSbHe4C5AeY&list=PL4HBag6XfPvIhxL7Hl5ieZVAmRZYjmkBO

HOW TO BE A BAD BITCH  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNsY19RcD_Y&list=PL63AYeWu5Fz6XXo0_1oMi8GfDZ7T241DL

HOW TO GET A SUGAR DADDY  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGhDAb9GF2M&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I almost didn't make it out alive and I'm so grateful I did (please watch)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXPJyDX9L-Y&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

i asked my uber driver about jacking off and it got weird  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZci74Le_w8&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Ate Edibles and Tried Yoga (1570226)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sJm8AZAE6g&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Ate Edibles and Tried Yoga
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sJm8AZAE6g&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Ate Edibles and Watched Camp Rock 2 (1872402)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQggatN719g&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Ate Edibles and Watched Camp Rock 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQggatN719g&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Ate Edibles and Watched CATS (1454339)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PFBF7ZMhFk&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

I Ate Edibles and Watched CATS (1802263)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PFBF7ZMhFk&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Ate Edibles and Watched CATS (1925017)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PFBF7ZMhFk&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Ate Edibles and Watched CATS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PFBF7ZMhFk&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

I Ate Edibles and Watched Twilight (1546645)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV-6xNTM54Y&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Ate Edibles and Watched Twilight (1840318)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV-6xNTM54Y&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Ate Edibles and Watched Twilight (1857836)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV-6xNTM54Y&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

I Ate Edibles and Watched Twilight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV-6xNTM54Y&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

i ate too much of an edible on my flight home...i wish this was clickbait  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxXZ7ME-Nd4&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Bought My Dream Car Tesla Model 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYFvOZl0elw&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I CAME OUT... It Didn't Get Better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCtauEGi2wQ&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

i caught a literal ghost on camera...i need to move  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XwMh5ysRCE0&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

i cheated on christine...she FREAKED OUT  Chris Klemens (1910381)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3YCZBVSZ_w&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

i cheated on christine...she FREAKED OUT  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3YCZBVSZ_w&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I DIDNT MEAN TO SAY THAT TO HIM!! (EMBARRASSING)  Chris Klemens (1337319)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYsFJovLIuU&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

I DIDNT MEAN TO SAY THAT TO HIM!! (EMBARRASSING)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYsFJovLIuU&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Dyed My Hair Burberry Plaid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdFe5smLt_s&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I ENDED UP AT MY UBER DRIVER'S HOUSE THE NEXT MORNING (DRUNK STORYTIME)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTpu5AJuDeU&list=PLY0_Wn1crVanpXJKWc4OPm3k-vPOaKCOQ

i fell off a roof...i wish it was clickbait  Chris Klemens (1864126)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07iE4MZASSk&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

i fell off a roof...i wish it was clickbait  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07iE4MZASSk&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Found Bumps on My Genitals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJOKArK8x_w&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I FOUND LOGAN PAUL'S CREDIT CARD  Chris Klemens (1280327)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHvNhX97k-g&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

I FOUND LOGAN PAUL'S CREDIT CARD  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHvNhX97k-g&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Gave Myself Acrylic Toenails (1281734)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alKMvamvr7w&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Gave Myself Acrylic Toenails (1439235)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alKMvamvr7w&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Gave Myself Acrylic Toenails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alKMvamvr7w&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

i got drunk at a $65 million mansion...oops  Chris Klemens (1786852)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHUMqPb06h4&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

i got drunk at a $65 million mansion...oops  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHUMqPb06h4&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

i got fired from my job...im spiraling  Chris Klemens (1648805)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjltMHcuu3w&list=PL4HBag6XfPvIhxL7Hl5ieZVAmRZYjmkBO

i got fired from my job...im spiraling  Chris Klemens (1931947)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjltMHcuu3w&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

i got fired from my job...im spiraling  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjltMHcuu3w&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

i got high and ended up at a strangers wedding...  Chris Klemens (1481824)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r4TJMpnpMI&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

i got high and ended up at a strangers wedding...  Chris Klemens (1844079)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r4TJMpnpMI&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

i got high and ended up at a strangers wedding...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r4TJMpnpMI&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dm-4tJj-aYQ&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS 2  Chris Klemens (1516507)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sk2aajP-EMM&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS 2  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sk2aajP-EMM&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS 3  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8pCiJtC3k4&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Got High and Interviewed Strangers 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjIqLIy2vok&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS ABOUT THE HOLIDAYS  Chris Klemens (1410374)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CpxlrRc0xA&list=PL6pNj7y2LWPOJWGAMD5V3aNrAFQfhgaaD

I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS ABOUT THE HOLIDAYS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CpxlrRc0xA&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Got High and Read Florida News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHbyPWaiiIs&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I GOT HIGH AND TRIED ASMR...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dgr56VSLBnY&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Got High and Tried Working Out (1678331)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEeriQDpY0w&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Got High and Tried Working Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEeriQDpY0w&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I GOT HIGH AND USED AWFUL PICKUP LINES ON STRANGERS  Chris Klemens (1766094)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsY73Z25rVw&list=PL6pNj7y2LWPOJWGAMD5V3aNrAFQfhgaaD

I GOT HIGH AND USED AWFUL PICKUP LINES ON STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsY73Z25rVw&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

i got laser hair removal...new asshole who dis  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eJfThUbnzA&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

I Have a New Roommate... (1281429)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cC5zXB7x5A&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Have a New Roommate...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cC5zXB7x5A&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Hit One Million Subscribers (1628813)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEPiYNvEQ2k&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Hit One Million Subscribers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEPiYNvEQ2k&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Interviewed a 2020 Presidential Candidate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bP7EdBiCeaQ&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

i kissed a lizard and i did some crying too...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Id7jtNEDWVc&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Let Claudia Sulewski Dye My Hair (1304838)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSu4UiqeXDc&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Let Claudia Sulewski Dye My Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSu4UiqeXDc&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Let My Followers Pick My Hair Color
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmGhdOu0SOU&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Let My Postmate Pick Our Food Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLTZ0IWeVog&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

I Let My Twitter Followers Decide My Entire Day...  Chris Klemens (1506355)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evUHDI-pqGg&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Let My Twitter Followers Decide My Entire Day...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evUHDI-pqGg&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

I Made a Giant Vegan Ravioli
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nleSsLZTEcY&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Made a Mold of My Face (RIP Eyebrows)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ega51e2cHsY&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Made a Mold of My Hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdefDfDVeGY&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Made a Vegan Crunchwrap Supreme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fabwdmldQG0&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

I Made Buddy the Elf's Spaghetti and Tried It (1475798)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVVWy5oF7Ys&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Made Buddy the Elf's Spaghetti and Tried It (1591972)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVVWy5oF7Ys&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Made Buddy the Elf's Spaghetti and Tried It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVVWy5oF7Ys&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

I Made Food I Saw on TikTok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h766_JpdqLk&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Made Giant Pancakes (1498187)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCY6-KoeoqI&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Made Giant Pancakes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCY6-KoeoqI&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Made More Food I Saw on TikTok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7x0qYDqpbZg&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Made Rollerblades Out of Hot Wheels (1543286)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VaSLc98UNY&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Made Rollerblades Out of Hot Wheels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VaSLc98UNY&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Made Vegan Hot Pockets (1039192)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Q_I9HFUm4k&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Made Vegan Hot Pockets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Q_I9HFUm4k&list=PLPThH_B7lMrTPJRB2xG8n-9gbVYhOAnd2

I Only Interviewed Kids...  Chris Klemens (1723476)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeEchDsmnvI&list=PLPThH_B7lMrTPJRB2xG8n-9gbVYhOAnd2

I Only Interviewed Kids...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeEchDsmnvI&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

I Paid for Trisha Paytas' Patreon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmAsahMHuf8&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Played What's In the Box (with Carly and Erin) (1445465)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ6CdvCxgMI&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Played What's In the Box (with Carly and Erin) (1862069)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ6CdvCxgMI&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Played What's In the Box (with Carly and Erin)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ6CdvCxgMI&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Spent $100.81 at Goodwill and Tried It All On (1680231)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQ8IUA279z0&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

I Spent $100.81 at Goodwill and Tried It All On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQ8IUA279z0&list=PLPThH_B7lMrTPJRB2xG8n-9gbVYhOAnd2

I Spent $388.45 Thrifting in San Francisco and This is What I Got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9sl49ZwMSc&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Spent $71.90 at Goodwill and Tried It All On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMdHL6tm_dA&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I SPENT 25 HOURS ON AN AIRPLANE SURROUNDED BY CRYING KIDS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKAqJmRBAAs&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

I Tested Positive for Coronavirus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DpZ-Y4Tnj8&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Treated My Ringworm At The Lowest Reviewed HOSPITAL In LA (1 STAR)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7sXs7rdF9c&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

I Tried Making Pancake Art (1647294)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9cAkUoC5s4&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Tried Making Pancake Art
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9cAkUoC5s4&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Tried Making That IKEA Bucket Hat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1A136ChNbE&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Tried Those Earwax Candles (1955118)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP5tm6SP464&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Tried Those Earwax Candles (1965861)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP5tm6SP464&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Tried Those Earwax Candles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP5tm6SP464&list=PLPThH_B7lMrTPJRB2xG8n-9gbVYhOAnd2

I Tried Vlogmas and This is What Happened (1403877)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYN04JMWkr0&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I Tried Vlogmas and This is What Happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYN04JMWkr0&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Turned My Head Into a Pumpkin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a9dBGKoLcU&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I WENT ON A SAFARI IN AFRICA AND STOOD FEET AWAY FROM A CHEETAH  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKUN-uLeP9M&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

I Went on Omegle and This is What Happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ls1f6eWdSew&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Went to a Hypebeast Convention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3Lmv5WYZaA&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

I Went to Tana Mongeau and Jake Paul's Wedding (FULL FIGHT)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD9Krt5KEy8&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

I'm Just Done
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRNnsfj5ZFA&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

i'm trying to be brave...  Chris Klemens (1099819)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YD-frVhqVpg&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

i'm trying to be brave...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YD-frVhqVpg&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Ibarrako piperrekin egindako piper-hautsa berreskuratu dute Arane baserrian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Lthw4K2n9Y&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

im a stripper now and i dont care who sees...kinda  Chris Klemens (1210652)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERHZiYfHbTo&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

im a stripper now and i dont care who sees...kinda  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERHZiYfHbTo&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Interviewing Jake Paul's Neighbors  Chris Klemens (1650781)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0214qYnzBE&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Interviewing Jake Paul's Neighbors  Chris Klemens (1768648)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0214qYnzBE&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Interviewing Jake Paul's Neighbors  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0214qYnzBE&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

Interviewing Strangers on Xbox Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VH0SiNp_XI&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Interviewing Very Drunk People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Sj1w4qcSGU&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

KARAOKE WITH MY FIANCE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuXdLtRWqok&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Leaving LA (for very caucasian reasons)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xV5ZtCPVEA0&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

LOOKING THROUGH STRANGER'S PHONES W CHRIS KLEMENS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ok3synh6IWg&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

MacDoesIt and Chris Klemens Try to Keep Up With Professional Chefs!  Snackable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIbAgs3RAfU&list=PLY0_Wn1crVanpXJKWc4OPm3k-vPOaKCOQ

Making A Birthday Cake Out Of Waffles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GbD-UiqTYg&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Making A Gingerbread House with TINY HANDS (TRAGIC!!) w Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wR-xUZi3IQ8&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

Making a Pair of $850 Platform Crocs (1726992)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyHpJBTdRjw&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Making a Pair of $850 Platform Crocs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyHpJBTdRjw&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Making Christmas Cookie Edibles (1957946)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U42Vhys8r8k&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Making Christmas Cookie Edibles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U42Vhys8r8k&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

Making College Students Compete for an iPhone 11 Pro (1215054)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiMnS4XAElU&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Making College Students Compete for an iPhone 11 Pro (1738888)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiMnS4XAElU&list=PLY0_Wn1crVanpXJKWc4OPm3k-vPOaKCOQ

Making College Students Compete for an iPhone 11 Pro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiMnS4XAElU&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Making That Awful Viral Twitter DIY Flip Flop (1401198)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNpMI0MTGEM&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Making That Awful Viral Twitter DIY Flip Flop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNpMI0MTGEM&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

MANDELA EFFECTS with TANA MONGEAU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLSKlKYtFoU&list=PL4HBag6XfPvIhxL7Hl5ieZVAmRZYjmkBO

me being scared for 6 minutes straight  Chris Klemens (1010046)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_wCyATsf-A&list=PLY0_Wn1crVanpXJKWc4OPm3k-vPOaKCOQ

me being scared for 6 minutes straight  Chris Klemens (1898933)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_wCyATsf-A&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

me being scared for 6 minutes straight  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_wCyATsf-A&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Me Drunk vs. Me High (1404042)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcqWZPmYXgM&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

Me Drunk vs. Me High (1461803)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcqWZPmYXgM&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Me Drunk vs. Me High
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcqWZPmYXgM&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

Mental Health Update (back on meds)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBL074uMcSM&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Messy Q&A Mukbang (past breakups, tea, etc) (1244206)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Na5QVSZRSjc&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Messy Q&A Mukbang (past breakups, tea, etc) (1657394)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Na5QVSZRSjc&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Messy Q&A Mukbang (past breakups, tea, etc)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Na5QVSZRSjc&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

Most Likely To Roommates Edition (with Christine Sydelko & Andrew Lowe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge7vI_1eqo8&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

MOST LIKELY TO WITH MY ROOMMATES!! (NO BOUNDARIES)  Chris Klemens (1775839)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyuS1MspFkk&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

MOST LIKELY TO WITH MY ROOMMATES!! (NO BOUNDARIES)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyuS1MspFkk&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Moving Back to NYC (1124258)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3keQpYcOTsE&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Moving Back to NYC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3keQpYcOTsE&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Moving Into My New House (1352986)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hGpmfA9FI4&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Moving Into My New House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hGpmfA9FI4&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

MY $200 MASSAGE GONE WRONG (STORYTIME)  Chris Klemens (1991221)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eDs_ZV6WXA&list=PL4HBag6XfPvIhxL7Hl5ieZVAmRZYjmkBO

MY $200 MASSAGE GONE WRONG (STORYTIME)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eDs_ZV6WXA&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

My 10,000 Calorie Birthday Mukbang (1536471)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEV8O8STFbg&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

My 10,000 Calorie Birthday Mukbang (1735123)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEV8O8STFbg&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

My 10,000 Calorie Birthday Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEV8O8STFbg&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

My 26th Birthday Trip (1871581)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz0G_sC7wwM&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

My 26th Birthday Trip (1919005)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz0G_sC7wwM&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

My 26th Birthday Trip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dz0G_sC7wwM&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

my birthday got out of control.... (UNREAL!!)  Chris Klemens (1073849)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TinjqCCfxcc&list=PLY0_Wn1crVanpXJKWc4OPm3k-vPOaKCOQ

my birthday got out of control.... (UNREAL!!)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TinjqCCfxcc&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

My Dog Needs Surgery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBQbpD3zyIE&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

MY FCKED UP CHILDHOOD (feat. Mama Klemens)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XH_YnAyFj3E&list=PL63AYeWu5Fz6XXo0_1oMi8GfDZ7T241DL

My First Coachella Storytime (celebrity threats, drugs, and more) (1290186)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HojxLjSDA9I&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

My First Coachella Storytime (celebrity threats, drugs, and more)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HojxLjSDA9I&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

My First Time Doing Shrooms (STORY TIME) (1843289)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2YYIuAFAIA&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

My First Time Doing Shrooms (STORY TIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2YYIuAFAIA&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

My First Time Getting My Ears Pierced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rf2Xn0UEiB0&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

MY MOM'S EXTREMELY POINTLESS CAR RIDE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMJ2i936_sU&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

MY MOMS THINK I'M ON CRACK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy1kjOVkKJs&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

my road rage is BAD...im so embarrassed  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaNXCGn_mys&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

My Valentine's Day Bender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGqi4JuKWHk&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

On the Street and Off My Meds (1344906)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8mFeQT_s6s&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

On the Street and Off My Meds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8mFeQT_s6s&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Only Food Left at My Grocery Store Mukbang (1277350)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwHPr5X0PqE&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Only Food Left at My Grocery Store Mukbang (1838741)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwHPr5X0PqE&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Only Food Left at My Grocery Store Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwHPr5X0PqE&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

our first vacation together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqWIdxhNUIk&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Our New House (1976501)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QShRUZ3hsWM&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Our New House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QShRUZ3hsWM&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

PLAYING MOST LIKELY TO WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens and Jess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMsYFMvfYB8&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Prank Call Roulette with Andrew Lowe (1188946)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh2GKMRagT8&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Prank Call Roulette with Andrew Lowe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh2GKMRagT8&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Prank Calling in Sick From Jobs I Don't Have (with Andrew Lowe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfNz3f6Ticc&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

PRANK CALLING PEOPLE BUT WE CAN'T HEAR THEM w Chris Klemens! (1218857)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3XcdSWB0tQ&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

PRANK CALLING PEOPLE BUT WE CAN'T HEAR THEM w Chris Klemens!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3XcdSWB0tQ&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Prank Calling Random Numbers We Dialed (1792143)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsU8fQ9VAas&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Prank Calling Random Numbers We Dialed (1826275)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsU8fQ9VAas&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Prank Calling Random Numbers We Dialed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsU8fQ9VAas&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Prank Calling Weird Craigslist Ads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4scvM2Smdc&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

PRANKING MY MOM WITH A FAKE SON Emotional
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8nfrkBIKW0&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Ranking Celebrities I've Met
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABDi8SIKagM&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Ranking My Old Outfits (Tier List) (1739421)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geJSo__pPFw&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Ranking My Old Outfits (Tier List)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geJSo__pPFw&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

REACTING TO CRINGEY INSTAGRAM COUPLES WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKp5Ml3vyeE&list=PL6pNj7y2LWPOJWGAMD5V3aNrAFQfhgaaD

Reacting to Trisha Paytas' Video About Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uizO8PEJIk4&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Really Awkward Prank Calls (with Andrew Lowe) (1505817)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyLhGBjXEN4&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Really Awkward Prank Calls (with Andrew Lowe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyLhGBjXEN4&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

REALLY DUMB $2,500+ LUXURY CLOTHING & WEED HAUL  Chris Klemens (1767107)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pylCwRiWTQ&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

REALLY DUMB $2,500+ LUXURY CLOTHING & WEED HAUL  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pylCwRiWTQ&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

RECREATING MY OLD CRINGEY PHOTOS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApRAvFGOTHg&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Replacing Emma Chamberlain...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlAWqyNBo8o&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Revealing Your Secrets (1706232)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfOpg72ZfyA&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Revealing Your Secrets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfOpg72ZfyA&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Roasting Celebrity Quarantine Outfits (BRUTALLY HONEST)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ow8SJwocs8&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

ROASTING EACH OTHERS OLD PHOTOS (w Chris Klemens)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9P6vhelH1k&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Roommates Shop at Goodwill for Each Other (1688463)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-NcNcztOIA&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Roommates Shop at Goodwill for Each Other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-NcNcztOIA&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Seeing If Strangers Notice I'm Wearing a Wig
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mcpldz9pwPc&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

SENDING SELFIES TO STRANGERS W CHRIS KLEMENS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nstQCe9rcyY&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

SEX STORIES WITH STRANGERS 2  Chris Klemens (1466470)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpG-V9jfwD8&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

SEX STORIES WITH STRANGERS 2  Chris Klemens (1949313)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpG-V9jfwD8&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

SEX STORIES WITH STRANGERS 2  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpG-V9jfwD8&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

she died in the park...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7klFdpOz0g&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

SHE RUINED CHRISTMAS!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_IlLnEJj19s&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

SHE STOLE A GOLF CART!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a91wZRLPSTI&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Smoking with Strangers on 420 (1875840)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwwS3QaADY4&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Smoking with Strangers on 420
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwwS3QaADY4&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

so i got a little work done... (please dont be mad)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAi-Dp5hgI0&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Stories from Living in NYC (STORYTIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spq7hS3VAGY&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

STRANGERS BRUTALLY ROAST OUR INSTAGRAMS (feat. Andrew Lowe)  Chris Klemens (1183555)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frUyICPvRZ8&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

STRANGERS BRUTALLY ROAST OUR INSTAGRAMS (feat. Andrew Lowe)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frUyICPvRZ8&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

Strangers Guess If I’m High or Not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUV2_rrLfcI&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Strangers Guess My Age (1265836)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O76HKKOOOY0&list=PLPThH_B7lMrTPJRB2xG8n-9gbVYhOAnd2

Strangers Guess My Age (1466341)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O76HKKOOOY0&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Strangers Guess My Age
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O76HKKOOOY0&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

Strangers in NYC Ask Me Anything...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7Z8J24pLhA&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

STRANGERS PLAY POKEMON GO FOR FIRST TIME  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5evOs10w8XA&list=PL63AYeWu5Fz6XXo0_1oMi8GfDZ7T241DL

STRANGERS REACT TO FCKBOY MUSICAL.LYS (feat. Andrew Lowe)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOIJt3Vaa84&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

Strangers React to Jeffree Star (1683453)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QnB1TFFTZA&list=PL6pNj7y2LWPOJWGAMD5V3aNrAFQfhgaaD

Strangers React to Jeffree Star
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QnB1TFFTZA&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

STRANGERS REACT TO JUSTIN BIEBER NUDES...AGAIN  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ-si_-ARy4&list=PL63AYeWu5Fz6XXo0_1oMi8GfDZ7T241DL

STRANGERS REACT TO KYLIE JENNER'S PREGNANCY  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vg0IBSoPUFE&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

STRANGERS REACT TO LEMONADE BY BEYONCE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fH_X6wL3vWo&list=PL63AYeWu5Fz6XXo0_1oMi8GfDZ7T241DL

STRANGERS REACT TO MY NUDES...  Chris Klemens (1540046)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xDsUDf_F1E&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

STRANGERS REACT TO MY NUDES...  Chris Klemens (1711091)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xDsUDf_F1E&list=PLY0_Wn1crVanpXJKWc4OPm3k-vPOaKCOQ

STRANGERS REACT TO MY NUDES...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xDsUDf_F1E&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

STRANGERS REACT TO OUR NUDES (feat. Lena the Plug)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWLmVJo32bA&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

STRANGERS REACT TO YOUTUBERS 3  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSWotOvox_A&list=PL63AYeWu5Fz6XXo0_1oMi8GfDZ7T241DL

STRANGERS REACT TO YOUTUBERS 4  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUMHL85OYOw&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

Strangers React to Yummy by Justin Bieber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DapvbosHtF4&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Strangers Read My Hate Comments from Jake Paulers  Chris Klemens (1788554)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xD2pRAeeX2k&list=PL6pNj7y2LWPOJWGAMD5V3aNrAFQfhgaaD

Strangers Read My Hate Comments from Jake Paulers  Chris Klemens (1980756)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xD2pRAeeX2k&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Strangers Read My Hate Comments from Jake Paulers  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xD2pRAeeX2k&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

STRANGERS READ MY SEXUAL COMMENTS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeLfQMLf1gg&list=PL63AYeWu5Fz6XXo0_1oMi8GfDZ7T241DL

STRANGERS TURN ME INTO PENNYWISE THE CLOWN FROM IT  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDrb9vPKlXg&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

TAKING FAMILY PORTRAITS WITH MY ROOMMATES!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EgkwsmV6Ts&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Taking Your Photoshop Requests (1736714)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcbUQ9rVatU&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Taking Your Photoshop Requests (1921212)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcbUQ9rVatU&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Taking Your Photoshop Requests
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcbUQ9rVatU&list=PLPThH_B7lMrTPJRB2xG8n-9gbVYhOAnd2

TALKING GIBBERISH TO STRANGERS (feat. Christine Sydelko)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDSuKW4z9Lo&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Talking to Strangers Using Weird Voices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIm-Z9TBzmY&list=PLPThH_B7lMrTPJRB2xG8n-9gbVYhOAnd2

TEACHING STRANGERS GAY SLANG (feat. Ryan Charch)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF1y3rqJAaI&list=PL63AYeWu5Fz6XXo0_1oMi8GfDZ7T241DL

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Andrew Lowe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0EYZtqfeuw&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Carly and Erin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IxvYoHM-E8&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Claudia Sulewski
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRYxmSFdTpk&list=PLcbklWPEtva2-eoXD44ED0pIhH50J2TT_

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Elle Mills (1569834)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSUWX_sdx-g&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Elle Mills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSUWX_sdx-g&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Lexie Lombard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVsu8qlKlAg&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Matt King
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaKq4d0tfjA&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Shannon Beveridge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQXNQurvUVA&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Tana Mongeau (1029010)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPDzhGFybZA&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Tana Mongeau
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPDzhGFybZA&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Tina Woods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xb7o0Ej2CLY&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

the @ pack is here...did y'all hear team 10 just shake  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-ftHHhcx9w&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

The Anti-Maskers of Florida
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTDmICXO_EE&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

THE GOVERNMENT CAN HEAR EVERYTHING BUT OUR CRIES FOR HELP  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YA90Ft4XQqY&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

The Truth About Being a YouTuber (1346911)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i6_sK49oDo&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

The Truth About Being a YouTuber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i6_sK49oDo&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

The Truth About My Videos. (1151644)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGXC8einU9k&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

The Truth About My Videos. (1467992)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGXC8einU9k&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

The Truth About My Videos.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGXC8einU9k&list=PLPThH_B7lMrTPJRB2xG8n-9gbVYhOAnd2

The Ultimate Mukbang with Trisha Paytas (1412083)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfyKM996ylQ&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

The Ultimate Mukbang with Trisha Paytas (1662226)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfyKM996ylQ&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

The Ultimate Mukbang with Trisha Paytas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfyKM996ylQ&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

things got wild...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ire800p-r4&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Things I Bought High
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGcOlcek9jA&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Things I Bought in My Mental Breakdown (1156200)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-e0mEV2fd9A&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Things I Bought in My Mental Breakdown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-e0mEV2fd9A&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

To Our Daughter  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Rx6tbbrZr4&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Trying Every Hot Sauce at My Grocery Store (1082163)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLC0AQ2RnK8&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Trying Every Hot Sauce at My Grocery Store (1950435)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLC0AQ2RnK8&list=PLY0_Wn1crVanpXJKWc4OPm3k-vPOaKCOQ

Trying Every Hot Sauce at My Grocery Store
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLC0AQ2RnK8&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

TRYING PHONE SX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCLv2yDoSsc&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

Trying Sushi for the First Time with Elle Mills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mG02CWLhkHc&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

Trying to Do Basic Things with Acrylic Nails (1336416)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCkZmpOGWec&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Trying to Do Basic Things with Acrylic Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCkZmpOGWec&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

Turning My Head Into the Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEUWcuJx92g&list=PLPThH_B7lMrTPJRB2xG8n-9gbVYhOAnd2

TWO STONERS BABYSIT TWIN TODDLERS (1859491)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SL79ybT_Gmk&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

TWO STONERS BABYSIT TWIN TODDLERS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SL79ybT_Gmk&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

UNSEEN FOOTAGE & BLOOPERS THAT NO ONE ASKED FOR  Chris Klemens (1255898)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YX_nYOTfM2s&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

UNSEEN FOOTAGE & BLOOPERS THAT NO ONE ASKED FOR  Chris Klemens (1319287)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YX_nYOTfM2s&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

UNSEEN FOOTAGE & BLOOPERS THAT NO ONE ASKED FOR  Chris Klemens (1994355)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YX_nYOTfM2s&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

UNSEEN FOOTAGE & BLOOPERS THAT NO ONE ASKED FOR  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YX_nYOTfM2s&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Vegan Fast Food Taste Test (1020373)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5PiAfK2JGE&list=PLY0_Wn1crVanpXJKWc4OPm3k-vPOaKCOQ

Vegan Fast Food Taste Test (1436262)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5PiAfK2JGE&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Vegan Fast Food Taste Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5PiAfK2JGE&list=PLaMlNqgvt1O6ZbvAd9aZCnXdM6fP_e6zf

Very Really Good #102 The Dumpster Fire (w Chris Klemens)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLrOyQF2nd4&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me 2 (1744020)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0icNSjb1g80&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0icNSjb1g80&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHmpAcc91k4&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yWb_NKuthM&list=PLH3eZrazCXUunZH8NZ37Zc72g466Zl6gf

we are suing the city of los angeles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0fBrDRxTX4&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

We Gave Freddie The Biggest Surprise Birthday Of Her Life • Ladylike
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q80xQqOmRdY&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

We Prank Called Our Followers (1287036)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APvUaGCkTsY&list=PLY0_Wn1crVanpXJKWc4OPm3k-vPOaKCOQ

We Prank Called Our Followers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APvUaGCkTsY&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

WE TRIED BAKING WITH TINY HANDS (DISASTER!!) ft. Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vs062OSFmU&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

we tried posing like the human centipede at medieval times...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck629cL8ud8&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

we watched our friend’s threesome...and kinda liked it  Chris Klemens (1377517)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vN9VCOc9Ro&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

we watched our friend’s threesome...and kinda liked it  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vN9VCOc9Ro&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

WE WENT CAMPING IN A PUBLIC PARK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znpcnGaUmvM&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

We're Moving Again  House Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4u6O8ZktYA4&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

WHAT HAPPENED TO HOLIDAY COOKING WITH ANDREW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLUqTTpVy3s&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

What I Eat In a Day Quarantine Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Plkq-KHlBv4&list=PLUX2ykfovEKEoZJZpmUi6cNc8PBoiaoGX

what REALLY happens at playlist live....  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jzvZqBKyh0&list=PLiBcdzZQV9dLw8eqiXTQjC1bDiDQidzs_

What Strangers REALLY Think of Stoners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqWikSSpIlo&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

What Strangers Will Do for Two Dollars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRdlV0xlPps&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

What We Don't Show You  Bloopers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BdXTXMGlG4k&list=PLbgDHKP9QlD696ey9x-KJxEW26ZJgaACH

Why I Will Never Be Invited Back to Vidcon (1727734)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnaQr-Bq88A&list=PLY0_Wn1crVanpXJKWc4OPm3k-vPOaKCOQ

Why I Will Never Be Invited Back to Vidcon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnaQr-Bq88A&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq

Why I Won't Be Attending TanaCon 2019 A Vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNzhWCIIfe0&list=PLjIeu6NGSC6OkY3OcK5t547Qw4RT6Sduq
Chris Klemens