
1.1 Arithmetic Sequences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2eoScDsTDo8

1.2 Arithmetic Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1VXuwPo1lQ

1.3 Geometric Sequences part I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-bgD2wuT8Y

1.3 Geometric Sequences part II.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvVDyd6Ynlc

1.4 Geometric Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zsIfPw-2Q8

1.5 Graphing Geometric Sequences and Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VNLULFrCvU

1.6 Infinite Geometric Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_OOvzKZdH0

2.1 Absolute Value.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf0DKtJwMwg

2.2 Simplifying Radical Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg4EQEkZ0Lg

2.3 Adding and Subtracting Radical Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxawK5Nar0k

2.4 Multiplying and Dividing Radical Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Vw9af6EaPw

2.5 Solving Radical Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sW7K8Zn7nAQ

3.1 Factoring Polynomial Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynAf67_w_eU

3.2 Solving Quadratic Equations by Factoring.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R271p51b79I

3.3 Using Square Roots to Solve Quadratic Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_LAVO1kNWU

3.4 Developing and Applying the Quadratic Formula.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16KePkZvgeg

3.5 Interpreting the Discriminant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXQoeqZjNJQ

4.1 Properites of a Quadratic Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7CWtemZO1c

4.2 Solving a Quadratic Equation Graphically.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdO6RFakz1A

4.3 Transforming the Graph of y=x^2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNxEbh1c0ZU

4.4 Analyzing Quadratic Functions in Vertex Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JW8P7C84JT0

4.5 Equivalent Forms of the Equation of a Quadratic Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sth8d_LvNuI

4.6 Analyzing Quadratic Functions in Factored Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBfddEtbqKM

4.7 Modelling and Solving Problems with Quadratic Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meeNyvbgm3g

5.1 Solving Quadratic Inequalities in One Variable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8QRzWUloeU

5.2 Graphing Linear Inequalities in Two Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0udr6o0Ulfo

5.3 Graphing Quadratic Inequalities in Two Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5nw5pGpbGc

5.4 Solving Systems of Equations Graphically.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4D7XY-HdjY

5.5 Solving Systems of Equations Algebraically.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgVS4iNIWzo

6.1 Angles in Standard Position in Quadrant I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv-Q8k7hUUo

6.2 Angles in Standard Position in All Quadrants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BigYGcgI_9I

6.3 Constructing Triangles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mr74OobcW2A

6.4 The Sine Law.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1Cev4CbAk0

6.5 The Cosine Law.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5bqQ1SDA9c

7.1 Equivalent Rational Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUzEe8-xdzU

7.2 Multiplying and Dividing Rational Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXdfr8qXx3g

7.3 Adding and Subtracting Rational Expressions Part I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5av7LfVU-dQ

7.4 Adding and Subtracting Rational Expressions Part II.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kslx6eKvRs4

7.5 Solving Rational Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r748S0xOKB8

7.6 Applications of Rational Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7p56e0yt1U

8.1 Absolute Value Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCmwCkKuj_A

8.2 Absolute Value Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6r9v0FXoWU

8.3 Graphing Reciprocals of Linear Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xt1mBSNVVek

8.4 Graphing Reciprocals of Quadratic Functions I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNRZ2Osjsuw

8.5 Graphing Reciprocals of Quadratic Functions II.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCl8ks-HMs0

Navigation Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEOTEj-74HU
Pre-calculus 11