
Anime in Real Life!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckMnckTze-I&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Aquaman The Movie (Official Fake Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G255fHPals4&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

BATTLEGROUNDS The Movie! (Official Fake Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hqqFqcr1K8&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Candy Crush The Movie (Official Fake Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4Qv26IWyGU&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Disney Movies In Real Life!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhsTe-hI7G0&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Dragon Ball Z Fight In Real Life!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_PhxHPyVug&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Every Romantic Movie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mGeRC6k5Fc&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Expectations vs. Reality Action Movies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ht3gSubiLwo&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

FORTNITE The Movie (Official Fake Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfKmSfgFxi8&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

How To Act Like Your Favorite Actors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PRqEP_PKk8&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

How To Survive A Horror Movie!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAXIxlVjuA8&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

If Horror Movies Weren't Scary!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mn7w_n7_Kp4&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

If Star Wars Took Place Today!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXNV9kLaNTY&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

LUCY (Parody Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXlHS8Nucx4&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Minecraft The Movie! (Official Fake Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8y5iNhk_OA&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies In Minutes - Avengerz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdRiSjbpZjQ&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies In Minutes - Chronicle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7i80TwYVGo&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies In Minutes - Facebook The Movie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHYG5u4lwus&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies In Minutes - Final Destination
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VKpzhUkMFM&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies In Minutes - Harry Potter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weIbm3m-Xbo&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies In Minutes - New Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dx0MwgIZos&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies In Minutes - Saw 12
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QwZqbLpVlM&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies In Minutes - The Grudge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rFLfZw6QkY&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies In Minutes - Titanic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JLcJ5Mez1c&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies In Minutes - Transformers Revenge of the Household Objects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rREBfdDJZ5I&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies In Minutes - Twilight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goix7jFXD9Q&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies In Minutes - X-Men Origins Wolverine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9Oh2OnG51E&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Movies on a Budget!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4xL702nB0w&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Naruto The Movie! (Official Fake Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEo2ipzypTQ&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Ninja Melk Trailer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYvydCtdhUw&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Ninja Melk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIz3cb_igD4&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Pokemon The Horror Movie (Official Fake Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7rHbHiHyo8&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Powerpuff Girls Parody (Dear Ryan)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vycUIW_tsA&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Space Jam 3 Anime Edition! (ft. Jeremy Lin)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAy5Ms15YIM&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

SpongeBob Parody!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ltZ2qESRUE&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

The PARANORMAL Writers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mzutgP5l0E&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1

Things That Ruin Thanksgiving! (Official Fake Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kPxeXBn71s&list=PLcckGQe1oU5TsG5AwftIfmoNtR4vq7gl1
NigaHiga's MoviesTrailers