
1.  Anglesey, Church Bay -  By Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5KKZdACTDo

2.  Aquarius 2021 Tarot Reading Forecast – Be the Leader, Not the Follower!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6iouQEohGU

3.  Aquarius April 2021, Tarot Reading, Wake Up Call.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0P7Ksp0pDI

4.  Aquarius August 2019, Master the Art of Creation - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6S2tCR3VwY8

5.  Aquarius August 2021, Tarot Reading, Reclaim Your Life!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GM0ya2Buu4c

6.  Aquarius August Tarot Reading 2020, You Have Been Taken For A Ride Again!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HbOMCFGH7Y

7.  Aquarius December 2019, How Will You Respond – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1dkGIKevlU

8.  Aquarius December 2020 Tarot Reading, One Step Ahead!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_SpzTEz1IA

9.  Aquarius July 2019, Spirits of the Land - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjlNdbSfCIk

10.  Aquarius July 2021, Tarot Reading, Embrace the Transformation!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evuk1togShY

11.  Aquarius June 2019, An Unexpected Question - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIzAiqZtJxk

12.  Aquarius June 2021, Tarot Reading, Are You Hitting Your Head Against a Brick Wall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEZBCCm-kzQ

13.  Aquarius Love Reading September 2017 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHR-bIIOCy0

14.  Aquarius March Tarot Reading, Aquarius Reading Today - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9djTvm8q0E

15.  Aquarius May 2017 Reading ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAU3PVdjeG4

16.  Aquarius May 2019 – Abundance, Are You Ready - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xx1_Xce5Llg

17.  Aquarius May 2021, Tarot Reading, Who Needs Your Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lg6xn3hb1OA

18.  Aquarius November 2019, Allow Your Intuition to Guide You – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMtdkY0wIUI

19.  Aquarius November 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, Out of Balance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdse3XnrDAk

20.  Aquarius October 2019, Time to Write Aquarius – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7xG8SyfNFU

21.  Aquarius October 2020 Tarot Reading, Time to Open Up!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xerShbccrHw

22.  Aquarius Reading August 2018 ~ All or Nothing ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE8Sfe-VEX4

23.  AQUARIUS Reading February 2019 - Soul Connections - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5a3RUcDDKKc

24.  Aquarius September 2017 Reading - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5h9JvhhRkvM

25.  Aquarius September 2019, Are You Ready - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xn3wRBgq-Mc

26.  Aquarius Tarot March 2019, New Relationship, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJ489gxfXxw

27.  Aquarius Tarot Reading April 2019, Make it Happen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELBQ0vIMcls

28.  Aquarius Tarot Reading April 2020, You Will Be Rewarded.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVDtH-8B53k

29.  Aquarius Tarot Reading February 2020, Find Your Sacred Space!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9a9CKpLzd4

30.  AQUARIUS Tarot Reading Forecast 2019 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ElX5Zv4wSw

31.  Aquarius Tarot Reading January 2020, How Do You Feel – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn_pi_gosIE

32.  Aquarius Tarot Reading July 2020, Full Moon Emotions!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kM4GgWLGiAo

33.  Aquarius Tarot Reading June 2020, Go After What You Want.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ng44Knf8i4Y

34.  Aquarius Tarot Reading March 2020, Let Yourself Fly!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJxycc4yIHc

35.  Aquarius Tarot Reading May 2020, Guidance During Lockdown, Time to Open Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1NFQa6NqiI

36.  Aries  July Tarot Reading, Enjoy Unconditional Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0vvMWG_1PI

37.  ARIES 2019 Tarot Reading Forecast - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCHV-EN8xXU

38.  Aries 2021 Tarot Reading Forecast – Your Year to Attract the Good Things in Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNxfzv8lfHU

39.  Aries April 2021, Tarot Reading, Your Road Ahead is Changing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFDdLUbAuqM

40.  Aries August 2019, Where is Your Strength – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHWI7-cx3SA

41.  Aries August 2021, Tarot Reading, Open Your Eyes!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NKDQ3c-jCc

42.  Aries August Tarot Reading 2020, Boring Mundane Not for much longer!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPum60KvwgM

43.  Aries December 2019, Are You Being Led Astray – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=is77ebNsluY

44.  Aries December 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, Are You Invisible.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFk0jmxVPms

45.  Aries February 2021 Reading - Follow Your Pathway - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bW8PpuSY_jg

46.  Aries July 2019, Keep Going!– Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_2ORcwleZA

47.  Aries July 2021, Tarot Reading, Time to Clear Negativity!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zl_CHWUE5IE

48.  Aries June 2019, Freedom at Last!  – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvAVOg_WHDw

49.  Aries June 2021, Tarot Reading, Anything is Possible!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOOrN-BFfuY

50.  Aries Love Reading September 2017 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OmzRR9WYV8

51.  Aries March Tarot Reading - Aries March 2021 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1u10EDU5H0E

52.  Aries May 2017 Reading ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kHuSxuJxqI

53.  Aries May 2019 – Who is Your Best Friend – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAZXILAdmYI

54.  Aries May 2021, Tarot Reading, Who Will Spill The Beans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUSNbfSxY9Y

55.  Aries November 2019, Look Out for Hidden Messages – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PCYBMxLxQQ

56.  Aries November 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, A New Chapter Awaits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcTcH5gGAUk

57.  Aries October 2019, Stay Focused Aries – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxFZZrdyi-U

58.  Aries October 2020 Tarot Reading, Put All Your Cards on the Table!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-pVtENaDs0

59.  Aries Reading August 2018 ~ Be Spontaneous! ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9Ljx8T25_Q

60.  Aries Reading February 2019 - Divine Intelligence - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdK1fVyCeqs

61.  Aries Reading January 2018 ~ Deep Healing & Rebirth ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApyCkWKZUWI

62.  Aries September 2017 Tarot Reading - Romance, Bring It On!! -  by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNngomedGfE

63.  Aries September 2019, Are You Being Hard on Yourself – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lg2h-p4eqn4

64.  Aries Tarot March 2019, Listen & Talk, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_dwcs8NDrg

65.  Aries Tarot Reading April 2019, Pleasure & Abundance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JayhdM_ZUiE

66.  Aries Tarot Reading April 2020, Express Your Individuality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C83oQjhD1uE

67.  Aries Tarot Reading February 2020, Are You Ready for Love Aries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syKX_IARJJA

68.  Aries Tarot Reading January 2020, Where Are You Going – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dHp3ZqnjkI

69.  Aries Tarot Reading June 2020, You Will Be Successful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9RcgHdGCIU

70.  Aries Tarot Reading March 2020, Nothing Can Stop You!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6MWDSZuKy0

71.  Aries Tarot Reading May 2020, Guidance During Lockdown, Patience is Needed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnqCwGcLkdk

72.  Bnwyfre, Life Force Energy, (Part One, Introduction 3 of 9) - Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbPgvC6Zgx4

73.  CANCER 2019 Tarot Reading - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1Ujci7aNA0

74.  Cancer 2021 Tarot Reading Forecast – Ride the Winds of Change!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyJvZMrvy_U

75.  Cancer April 2021, Tarot Reading, No Excuses!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzZNm0Db14A

76.  Cancer August  2019, Break the Pattern- Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reQmyOlfWEI

77.  Cancer August 2021, Tarot Reading, One Door Closes ….ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oRA6y7iMJo

78.  Cancer August Tarot Reading 2020, Messages through Dreams!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RWb07UieLY

79.  Cancer December 2019, An Adventure Awaits – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaNt0k65c8U

80.  Cancer December 2020 Tarot Reading, Just Be Yourself!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6xWbt1Jrh8

81.  cancer february tarot reading  february 2021 predictions  tarot by sonia parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQPIoi8I-tE

82.  Cancer July 2019, Reclaim Your Power - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rg4Xl7W-HzU

83.  Cancer July 2021, Tarot Reading, Time to Celebrate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmSVM2tqPXo

84.  Cancer June 2019, What Do You Want - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMD9AhbfPKQ

85.  Cancer June 2021, Tarot Reading, All Will be Revealed!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kixbyd3gps

86.  Cancer Love Reading September 2017 - by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0_5Zp3PvIM

87.  Cancer March Tarot Reading, Cancer Tarot Reading Today - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ozr3mVnOtQ

88.  Cancer May 2017 Reading - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYjneANkfHM

89.  Cancer May 2019 – Have No Fear - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOyTIlAziVA

90.  Cancer May 2021, Tarot Reading, Time to Move On!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-vxdrftpXw

91.  Cancer November 2019, Struggling with Negative Thoughts – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHz0Otvw2s8

92.  Cancer November 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, Trying too Hard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prVqE3kXkIE

93.  Cancer October 2017 Reading ~ New People, New Faces, New Love ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Bl-NDw1yR0

94.  Cancer October 2019, Priorities, Just Do It Cancer– Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4ZvKmj0LUA

95.  Cancer October 2020 Tarot Reading, Follow Your Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJKylrCrjaQ

96.  Cancer Reading August 2018 ~ Love Developes ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w60yZJoP5J4

97.  Cancer Reading February 2019 - The Gift! - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEx63c91QI0

98.  Cancer September 2017 Tarot Reading - Freedom At Last!! - by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0rqyBCXn8Y

99.  Cancer September 2019, Take a Risk - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSp53W21KE4

100.  Cancer Tarot March 2019, Time for a Break, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXSozLyh9lY

101.  Cancer Tarot Reading April 2019, The Storm Will Pass.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8e8mbfvr-A

102.  Cancer Tarot Reading April 2020, Be Inspired.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vq9JfpcmHs

103.  Cancer Tarot Reading February 2020, Move On!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VN6I2bxTA3w

104.  Cancer Tarot Reading January 2020, Peace in Mind, Body & Spirit– Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enNdexvWOWg

105.  Cancer Tarot Reading July 2020, Stand Your Ground!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdztA2evtWk

106.  Cancer Tarot Reading June 2020, Divine Guidance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJRoEInmHp4

107.  Cancer Tarot Reading March 2020, Patience is Needed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_i_L3TjK6M

108.  Cancer Tarot Reading May 2020, Guidance During Lockdown, You Will Have All You Need.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPEIUtkfENU

109.  Capricorn 2021 Tarot Reading Forecast – What is the Rush.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHMIdHSMblE

110.  Capricorn April 2021, Tarot Reading, Everything Falls into Place.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQS4KP1T2v4

111.  Capricorn August 2019, Are you Happy - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lZUhGfX-Q0

112.  Capricorn August 2021, Tarot Reading, Trust Your Guides.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtIzoNlTzmA

113.  Capricorn August Tarot Reading 2020, Are You An Animal Healer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G38ZpGkTAvA

114.  Capricorn December 2019, The Angels are Here to Help – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PKtG9XwH7kg

115.  Capricorn December 2020 Tarot Reading, Spirit Have Something to Say.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yipqS8mHIsE

116.  Capricorn February 2021 Tarot Reading, Make the Decision - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNBp6zX2R88

117.  Capricorn July 2019, The Truth Will Come Out - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_-BeTJsYAc

118.  Capricorn July 2021, Tarot Reading, Love is …..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zJyq5phyAc

119.  Capricorn June 2019, Shed Your Old Life - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5wDxtuZPgQ

120.  Capricorn June 2021, Tarot Reading, You Have Everything You Need!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veamohFRDdw

121.  Capricorn Love Reading September 2017 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYznxcqZWDQ

122.  Capricorn March Tarot Reading, Capricorn Reading for Today - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-WVrKTRw5k

123.  Capricorn May 2017 Reading ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XuDjg7yzQWo

124.  Capricorn May 2019 – Magic is Yours - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQuTRuMiJrA

125.  Capricorn May 2021, Tarot Reading, Count Your Blessings!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bezrooENSmw

126.  Capricorn November 2019, Take That Risk – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmLbaVPVLAA

127.  Capricorn November 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, Say it as it is.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLAvVQj-nPs

128.  Capricorn October 2019, Twin Flame Energy Capricorn! – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdcehFT4m5A

129.  Capricorn October 2020 Tarot Reading, Unconditional Love..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Lq1s8qTUZ8

130.  Capricorn Reading August 2018 ~When Two Become One~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ds3otvVF_4

131.  CAPRICORN Reading February 2019 - Fate & Destiny - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDXlc88FcyA

132.  Capricorn September 2017 Reading - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCizDsZfz6k

133.  Capricorn September 2019, Your Life, Your Choice - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9gnxtFyn3o

134.  Capricorn Tarot March 2019, Opportunity for Love, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRoy-OsiAzY

135.  Capricorn Tarot Reading April 2019, A Proposal is On the Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a46yHtEmRv4

136.  Capricorn Tarot Reading April 2020, You Are The Trendsetter!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTd023bQVKw

137.  Capricorn Tarot Reading February 2020, Fairy Magic This Month..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_PjMYQXMIo

138.  CAPRICORN Tarot Reading Forecast 2019 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POxVfLKw6AQ

139.  Capricorn Tarot Reading January 2020, See the Magic! – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZ0N8sn8VFA

140.  Capricorn Tarot Reading July 2020, Expect A Vision!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gXafUow7Lg

141.  Capricorn Tarot Reading June 2020, Know Your Magnificance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9JV95akH0w

142.  Capricorn Tarot Reading March 2020, Be Who You Were Meant To Be!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApWMwawTU4A

143.  Capricorn Tarot Reading May 2020, Guidance During Lockdown, Take Some Time Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzWire2zRFU

144.  Chalice Wells, Glastonbury, Somerset ~ Sacred Sites ~ Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Bzn6QBtvhM

145.  Cloche Lourdes, Basilica Lourdes, Lourdes Basilica Bells, Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf_NhunciTU

146.  Crystal ball gazing, how to use a Crystal Ball ~ How to Scry with a Crystal Ball ~ by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4FAyVbvNhg

147.  Daily Tarot Reading August 10 2018 ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-lVcpi8MzI

148.  Daily Tarot Reading August 11 2018 ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkOrc1NvmQA

149.  Daily Tarot Reading August 12 2018 ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7twOG6FyKps

150.  Daily Tarot Reading August 13 2018 ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I51IIp-dQfw

151.  Daily Tarot Reading August 14 2018 ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wdhGOvquU4

152.  Daily Tarot Reading August 15 2018 ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5B2PMArH20

153.  Daily Tarot Reading August 16 2018 ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StkrjKpnI7g

154.  Daily Tarot Reading August 17 2018 ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mGXRyIkunQ

155.  Daily Tarot Reading August 18 2018 ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnxs_QgWwZg

156.  Daily Tarot Reading August 19 2018 ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnVVlGti_Ik

157.  Daily Tarot Reading August 20 2018 ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNlBmdAEesk

158.  Daily Tarot Reading August 9 2018 ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YDhRksa_sM

159.  Dragon Spirit Animal ?? Dragon Totem Animal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubG8W_gAi-s

160.  FREE Tarot Course,Tips and Secrets, Easy Steps, Bnwyfre Energies - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mTPRJpBUqk

161.  GEMINI 2019 Tarot Reading Forecast - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkfu_pLJVQ0

162.  Gemini 2021 Tarot Reading Forecast – Are You Holding on For Something Big.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czmfEaeMwIw

163.  Gemini April 2021, Tarot Reading, Free Yourself from Constraints..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TqFdXgo5QI

164.  Gemini August 2019, Success is Coming!  – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AR_0TEmPsB4

165.  Gemini August 2021, Tarot Reading, There is No Going Back!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ge8d5WEAU7k

166.  Gemini August Tarot Reading 2020, Your Dream Comes True!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Al0p4DtW9So

167.  Gemini December 2019, Say It Like It Is! – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLfwttMXxKE

168.  Gemini December 2020 Tarot Reading, Be Vigilant!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dH9-fla2gxQ

169.  Gemini February 2019 - Compromise! - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjeF8l5WKz4

170.  gemini february 2021 tarot reading - gemini  february 2021 predictions  tarot  by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4I-tFiK_V4U

171.  Gemini July 2019, Value Yourself – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxbzaWDidg8

172.  Gemini July 2021, Tarot Reading, Are You Being Patient.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jF26YL8rbvM

173.  Gemini July Tarot Reading, Overcoming Conflict!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMDqbHZ5Qn8

174.  Gemini June 2019, Go With The Flow – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWcId6d8GmE

175.  Gemini June 2021, Tarot Reading, Take Advantage!eadings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00b4l_76WeU

176.  Gemini Love Reading September 2017 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he22sW2eILQ

177.  Gemini March Tarot Reading, Gemini Reading Today - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjx4j4CsH4Y

178.  Gemini May 2017 Reading ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xkJVxAMrZU

179.  Gemini May 2019 – Dreams Become Reality – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIwcxonptK0

180.  Gemini May 2021, Tarot Reading, Time to Remove the Mask.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfHykA88m2w

181.  Gemini November 2019, See things from the bigger picture – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc3Hv527e3E

182.  Gemini November 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, Think Carefully!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzapMRzOuRU

183.  Gemini October 2019, Time to Settle Relationships Gemini – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ls9dDrAyCWQ

184.  Gemini October 2020 Tarot Reading, Time to Free Yourself!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hkd56YnwN9c

185.  Gemini Reading August 2018 ~ A New Life ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9B0o1Syi0Gg

186.  Gemini September 2017 Tarot Reading - Abundance in All Areas!! - by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKBkaIS4Xd4

187.  Gemini September 2019, Courage to Make a Move  – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyfthLY1Ss0

188.  Gemini Tarot March 2019, Energy & Enthusiasm, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkxUK-SH770

189.  Gemini Tarot Reading April 2019, Doing Too Much For Another.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fj7RvvRJqRQ

190.  Gemini Tarot Reading April 2020, At Last A Solution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97ZLFKUojF8

191.  Gemini Tarot Reading February 2020, Something New is Coming!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMe0VHVeIPY

192.  Gemini Tarot Reading January 2020, Your Time Has Come – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7HLfikfXQU

193.  Gemini Tarot Reading June 2020, Eyes of Beauty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T52wOcNYUcE

194.  Gemini Tarot Reading March 2020, Who Can You Rely On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G98aMFP89b4

195.  Gemini Tarot Reading May 2020, Guidance During Lockdown, An Answer Will Come!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZS5qSIhHiAA

196.  Grotte de Lourdes ~ Lourdes Grotto, France ~ Sacred Sites ~ Sonia Parker ~ The Spiritual Centre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwt3H90uSww

197.  Guided Relaxation Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSh0iKcYt5w

198.  Guiding Lights ?? Exciting News to Share ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vyYEtM3x8w

199.  Hare Spirit Animal, Hare Spirit Guide, Spiritual Meaning of the Hare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_RFb1xJX7Q

200.  How to Ground Energy, Part Two, Introduction 6 of 9   Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7e_fWDIFe0

201.  How to Read Tarot, Tarot Card Meanings, The Fool, - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ojj0LJjTwh8

202.  How to use a Pendulum & Pendulum Dowsing - A basic guide - with Sonia Parker & Bruce Clifton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYUksO832FM

203.  Jesus in Britain (1785918).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbrvWUApc6k

204.  Jesus in Britain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7I-HIdt-tt8

205.  LEO 2019 Tarot Reading Forecast - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3Dz3Pa6FNY

206.  Leo 2021 Tarot Reading Forecast – Your Year of Plenty!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viqHumnm2_g

207.  Leo April 2021, Tarot Reading, You Are Good Enough!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHeWFA1W2rI

208.  Leo August 2019, Torn in Two Directions - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juZc8pJ1RKY

209.  Leo August 2021, Tarot Reading, Are Your Prayers Being Answered.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxH1-23faEQ

210.  Leo August Tarot Reading 2020, Do Not Give Up!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIi30ba8wBI

211.  Leo December 2019, Answers Are Coming! – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKeQmDUAg7o

212.  Leo December 2020 Tarot Reading, Know Your Magnificance..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G15BZcJdHRs

213.  Leo July 2019, Unconditional Love - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9C8B7OuKo4

214.  Leo July 2021, Tarot Reading, Realize Your Potential!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiWC4jlyeIg

215.  Leo June 2019 – Divine Inspiration - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQFvXtlkqjo

216.  Leo June 2021, Tarot Reading, Be Careful Who You Say Yes To!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6l3kmT5U1s

217.  Leo Love Reading September 2017 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQYtobPgEHs

218.  Leo March Tarot Reading, Leo Tarot for Today - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX5pGC96h0k

219.  Leo May 2017 Reading - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWT6OIYMD0A

220.  Leo May 2019 – New Energy Shift - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AifEQy7PZWk

221.  Leo May 2021, Tarot Reading, Who Has Clipped Your Wings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XO1qoor3FHA

222.  Leo November 2019, Someone New Is Coming! – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rBnWXksVdM

223.  Leo November 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, Who is Negative.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTO2-096ypA

224.  Leo October 2019, Work with Crystals Leo– Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_6ntzJchao

225.  Leo October 2020 Tarot Reading, A New Romance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThN3kSEvKI4

226.  Leo Reading August 2018 ~ Is this Your Destiny ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDulk-yy-Ps

227.  Leo Reading February 2019 - Take Your Time! - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiDFhwoDDK0

228.  Leo September 2017 Tarot Reading - Peace & Serenity!! -  by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3W0raN_QHQE

229.  Leo September 2019, Release the Burdens - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bd2ReGfXOI

230.  Leo Tarot March 2019, Your Key to Freedom, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbyi7KS6bCE

231.  Leo Tarot Reading April 2019, What is Coming Next.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jxcyr1TOtmU

232.  Leo Tarot Reading April 2020, Be Careful What You Wish For.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiNxybONDN8

233.  Leo Tarot Reading February 2020, All Will Be Revealed!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MLllfefegE

234.  Leo Tarot Reading January 2020, Contemplation – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcX-1_XYFzc

235.  Leo Tarot Reading July 2020, New Things Are Coming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEiGwOXGyTE

236.  Leo Tarot Reading June 2020, Allow the Magic to Happen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzUs_87hh5M

237.  Leo Tarot Reading March 2020, Storms Are Passing!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xW0po0X9r5U

238.  Leo Tarot Reading May 2020, Guidance During Lockdown, He Won’t Let You Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_lst3U75Vo

239.  LIBRA 2019 Tarot Reading Forecast -Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LP21iVfae8E

240.  Libra 2021 Tarot Reading Forecast – It Will All Happen in the Spring!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OccVyuFzdeI

241.  Libra April 2021, Tarot Reading, Change is Coming!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tZyHX7ebzM

242.  Libra August 2019, Thoughts Become Things - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcQhXerAdeA

243.  Libra August 2021, Tarot Reading, Your Innocent Curiosity is being Rewarded!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eepzy0OCiOg

244.  Libra August Tarot Reading 2020, A Leopard Never Changes its Spots!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7V1IEJq_ZE

245.  Libra December 2019, Destiny’s Path is Seldom Straight! – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcskZLSGK_I

246.  Libra December 2020 Tarot Reading, Be Brave, Speak Your Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAyynwdYNOo

247.  Libra February 2021 Reading, Rise Above It  - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSvPjacg2r4

248.  Libra July 2019, You Are Gifted - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6d0RxBd3vd8

249.  Libra July 2021, Tarot Reading, Commitment!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-VlmQNPmZ8

250.  Libra June 2019,  Ready for Love - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsCHy2pKpsc

251.  Libra June 2021, Tarot Reading, Listen to Your Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0i13As56HI

252.  Libra Love Reading September 2017 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OL-XL4WgdB4

253.  Libra March Tarot Reading, Libra Daily Tarot Reading - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZwuSIvS82o

254.  Libra May 2017 Reading ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5_Ee-u7-4Y

255.  Libra May 2019, Obstacle or Illusion - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xp1XQDMSCaA

256.  Libra May 2021, Tarot Reading, Who Has Taken Your Power Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUFvuZHEh_0

257.  Libra November 2019, New Focus and Wisdom – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3O1gSgOcPo

258.  Libra November 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, Time for a Conclusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWs1D5VDyEM

259.  Libra October 2019, Take Charge of the Situation Libra! – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JQFs2SzWPg

260.  Libra October 2020 Tarot Reading, Let Go of Fear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDNABkdOBvA

261.  Libra Reading August 2018 ~ Are You in Control ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBtUySu5Fl8

262.  LIBRA Reading February 2019 - Every Minute Counts - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iz6nKi1JrCQ

263.  Libra September 2017 Reading - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGOuLrG7VfM

264.  Libra September 2019, Something New - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5jJlQ9fJwA

265.  Libra Tarot March 2019, Once in a Lifetime, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEHgwuGoNyY

266.  Libra Tarot Reading April 2019, Make A Wish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKeyj6nuSsQ

267.  Libra Tarot Reading April 2020, Release Your Mistakes..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-90mTCBcuv4

268.  Libra Tarot Reading February 2020, Take A Deep Breath!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vgAw6KIorKE

269.  Libra Tarot Reading January 2020, You Have Nothing to Prove – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8bMi5KmGvE

270.  Libra Tarot Reading July 2020, Spirit Are Close!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omtAU2WWrKI

271.  Libra Tarot Reading June 2020, Expect Miracles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nP5h4iovaBc

272.  Libra Tarot Reading March 2020, Who is Protecting You!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBieP5_4Tw0

273.  Libra Tarot Reading May 2020, Guidance During Lockdown, Discover the Truth..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0ey9zB4AB8

274.  Lourdes ~  La Gave de Pau ~ Healing Waters ~ Sacred Sites ~  Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyrnTtcARtk

275.  Major Arcana (1-9) ~ Reading Tarot Cards ~ How to Read Tarot Cards  ~ Tarot  by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjPJg_FSFpA

276.  Meet Your Animal Spirit Guide ?? A Guided Meditation ?? Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdvvXCGFDnY

277.  Oak Tree ~ Majesty, The Fredville Oak, Kent ~ Tree Spirit ~ Tree Faces ~ Sacred Sites ~ Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=me8NdXRRUcM

278.  Pagan Holiday Celebrations ~ History of Christmas ~ Sonia Parker ~ The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCk1MMNUvbU

279.  Pick A Card  AUGUST Reading ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW2ESsW_RMU

280.  Pick A Card  Celtic Ogham Tree Reading ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1ygUlR1tQs

281.  Pick A Card  JULY Reading ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MWntWYShSw

282.  Pick A Card  LOVE Advice ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOvdbEl-nM8

283.  Pick A Card  Reading DECEMBER ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3ze_ZQh3Ac

284.  Pick A Card  Reading OCTOBER ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3buJZnNRFgY

285.  Pick A Card  Reading SEPTEMBER ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7qD-xMbGTI

286.  Pick A Card  Reading YES NO MAYBE ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Z01CJmFM30

287.  Pick A Card  Reading ?? Angel Guidance & Messages - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZrZiADrbQk

288.  Pick A Card  Reading ?? Spirit Animal Messages, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eZxEWnK9Zk

289.  Pick A Card  Reading ?? Universal Messages For You - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVJ1lDHyetw

290.  Pick A Card  Reading, Messages from Heaven  ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FJSI1JjUz8

291.  PICK A CARD  Who is Your Spirit Guide - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3n9f2xlolrU

292.  PICK A CARD  ?? What is My Future ?? Timeless, by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JWKNTSTE7U

293.  PICK A CARD - What Should I Do Next  - Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzkQWviAlCg

294.  Pick A Card Channelled Christmas Love Messages ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TyqoEyNPlAQ

295.  Pick A Card COLOUR Reading ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyeRSaHw9mE

296.  Pick A Card FEBRUARY Tarot Reading ?? Psychic Reading ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4GslCm455Q

297.  Pick A Card JUNE Reading ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klUxIjEA8Kk

298.  Pick A Card LOVE Reading ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1UeZ-WPHb8

299.  Pick A Card NOVEMBER Reading ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQhsjIYG5is

300.  Pick A Card Reading with Crystal Ball ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbC2HX-4_n0

301.  PICK A CARD Reading ?? Message for Today ?? Timeless.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Wfja6-3fcg

302.  Pick A Card Reading, Connect with Your Angels ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pF2gw72WQtw

303.  Pick A Card Spirit Oracle Messages ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RD8SlyPlnx0

304.  Pick A Card Tarot Reading for Today ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epQG534QG2g

305.  Pick A Card Tarot Reading ?? 6 Months From Now ?? Psychic Reading ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcFsPXg_QmE

306.  Pick A Card Tarot Reading ?? Divine Feminine Messages of Love ?? Psychic Reading ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uMBnuneodA

307.  PICK A CARD What Changes Are Coming - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6aPswNLGGFk

308.  Pick A Card What is Happening This Week ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xhbOFaloblE

309.  Pick A Card What is Your Purpose, Why Are You Here ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Exfop7AYGXo

310.  Pick A Card ?2021 Predictions ?? Psychic Reading ? The Year Ahead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts2ktY41y2s

311.  Pick A Card ??  Will My Dreams Come True -Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xr6scRxRRz8

312.  PICK A CARD ?? Angel Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_uZSoT_q3Y

313.  PICK A CARD ?? Yes or No - Ask Any question.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9d_FFFz55PA

314.  PICK A CARD ?? How Does He Feel About Me ?? Tarot LOVE Reading ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOC4H5uYBlQ

315.  Pick A Card ?? LIFE PATH ?? Why Are You Here - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZQAPR_nVgk

316.  Pick A Card ?? MAY Reading?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKWqo4TCD1I

317.  Pick a card ?? What Do I Need to Hear Right Now ?? Spirit Message Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gB_dMtnzUKQ

318.  PICK A CARD ?? Who is My Soulmate  ??TAROT LOVE READING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C40aIJ4HQVk

319.  Pick A Card, Crystal Oracle ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItcnPhnx3SU

320.  Pick A Card, Message from Passed Love One, Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auE8anKcGsQ

321.  Pick A Card, Messages from your ANGELS ?? Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3o_smXQ3Y8Y

322.  Pisces 2021 Tarot Reading Forecast – A Wondrous and Exciting 2021!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpXHh7uNu80

323.  Pisces April 2021, Tarot Reading, Be Still, Be Silent, Be Patient.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QL9wufTHus

324.  Pisces August 2019, Trust, Believe, Receive - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LBHuU5kVRU

325.  Pisces August 2021, Tarot Reading, Missed Opportunities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9wW_SSQ654

326.  Pisces August Tarot Reading 2020, Stop Playing it Safe!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WfZ7HcELIY

327.  Pisces December 2019, True Prosperity is Yours – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT8C9fk_038

328.  Pisces December 2020 Tarot Reading, Take Charge!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22RASB9ln8Q

329.  Pisces July 2019, Your True Purpose - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8U3npBpZrA

330.  Pisces July 2021, Tarot Reading, What is Your Spiritual Strength.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1OvmMm_V9o

331.  Pisces June 2019, Your True Purpose - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F6s5dMhjXDE

332.  Pisces June 2021, Tarot Reading, What is The Urgency.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzMQAyZYF-8

333.  Pisces Love Reading September 2017 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5u6ojUHChKI

334.  Pisces March Tarot Reading, Pisces Reading Today - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Ka4elgexTM

335.  Pisces May 2017 Reading ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upGSzZzkGvo

336.  Pisces May 2019 – Love Letters - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5nPHj7KF2c

337.  Pisces May 2021, Tarot Reading, You Need a New Challenge!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loOCKHYxGP8

338.  Pisces November 2019, Faithfulness, Strength, Intuition – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx8Jl9nsG4k

339.  Pisces November 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, Say Your Bit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dn5jzM-TpIU

340.  Pisces October 2019, Follow Your Heart Pisces – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNxMk1KOymU

341.  Pisces October 2020 Tarot Reading, Everything we own, owns Us!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ksn7QjyqvdA

342.  Pisces Reading August 2018 ~ Priority or Option ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLWk1TFbDIM

343.  PISCES Reading February 2019 - Ally or Challenger - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHKyDHDBvXE

344.  Pisces September 2017 Reading - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cS80rELEw8E

345.  Pisces September 2019, Express Your Feelings - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04267xXEGm0

346.  Pisces Tarot March 2019, Love is Patient, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-oKGmHNPBM

347.  Pisces Tarot Reading April 2019, What is Your Next Step.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PWP6wJejCE

348.  Pisces Tarot Reading April 2020, You Have Everything You Need.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjeMitZKDrk

349.  Pisces Tarot Reading February 2020, A Promise and Big Surprise in Store!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M-_7NiRq98

350.  PISCES Tarot Reading Forecast 2019 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUOexTiYW9I

351.  Pisces Tarot Reading January 2020,You Are The Magic! – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzEELQFYP-Y

352.  Pisces Tarot Reading July 2020, Keep Your Dreams Alive!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVf9V46i5Mo

353.  Pisces Tarot Reading June 2020, Do Not Start A Fire You Cannot Put Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvifv1Dm9dY

354.  Pisces Tarot Reading March 2020, Follow the Winds of Change!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qHMqQUrCrY

355.  Pisces Tarot Reading May 2020, Guidance During Lockdown, Have You Lost Your Temper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XcyycZZEzQ

356.  PUPPY GOES DOODLE CRAZY (You won't believe what happens!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghhU74QnjOo

357.  Remote Viewing, 1a Meet the Teachers, (Introduction Number 1 of 9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEoVzKcpP9c

358.  Remote Viewing, 2a Introduction, (Introduction 2 of 9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8TaUccA_LI

359.  Remote Viewing, 4a Is This For Me (Introduction 4 of 9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxFpk8Eka3Y

360.  Remote Viewing, 5a What is it (introduction 5 of 9).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqUcxrNwNao

361.  Sagittarius 2021 Tarot Reading Forecast – Step into Your True Power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEdOlkKl-4Q

362.  Sagittarius April 2021, Tarot Reading, Is it Fate or Destiny.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9D27Z8jcjAg

363.  Sagittarius August 2019, Expect the Unexpected - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1sl_xfIdRY

364.  Sagittarius August 2021, Tarot Reading, All Will Be Revealed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UOs6yMgTz8

365.  Sagittarius August Tarot Reading 2020, A Surprise Awaits You!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmcOF8nPVYM

366.  Sagittarius December 2019, Are You Paying Attention – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3wGQSiiHcU

367.  Sagittarius December 2020 Tarot Reading, Secrets Revealed!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EE-7LagSAdI

368.  Sagittarius February 2021 Tarot Reading, Take A Gamble - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03jDrEU1QTs

369.  Sagittarius July 2019, Show the Real You - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPzKv-FL9W0

370.  Sagittarius July 2021, Tarot Reading, Create the Life You Deserve!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHoue6itsn4

371.  Sagittarius June 2019, Faith, Trust & Loyalty - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjpmrVjLsI4

372.  Sagittarius June 2021, Tarot Reading, All Will Be Revealed!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uu8uN5azpw8

373.  Sagittarius Love Reading September 2017 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scDvOnNpOsY

374.  Sagittarius March Tarot Reading, Sagittarius Reading Today - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rw47Dws-Ihg

375.  Sagittarius May 2017 Reading ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzxcJbxkT-0

376.  Sagittarius May 2019 – Powerful Message - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFNIaYEjWbs

377.  Sagittarius May 2021, Tarot Reading, All is Not as it Seems!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lv595hCREJg

378.  Sagittarius November 2019, Things Are Not As They Appear – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWhjI6Ep9HY

379.  Sagittarius November 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, Time to Reconsider.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2cdkD8VXB0

380.  Sagittarius October 2019, Peace Offering Sagittarius – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wc8ChJguD5Y

381.  Sagittarius October 2020 Tarot Reading, Dreams become Reality!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yX5YF0O4TY

382.  Sagittarius Reading August 2018 ~ A Past Love ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30l9ecXCUSg

383.  SAGITTARIUS Reading February 2019 - The World is Waiting - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nP_6zRXkPM4

384.  Sagittarius September 2017 Reading - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMbmXujybmE

385.  Sagittarius September 2019, Reclaim the Real You - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-LgaRAfnQ8

386.  Sagittarius Tarot March 2019, Miracles Happen, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JPElajv57Q

387.  Sagittarius Tarot Reading April 2019, Time to Say I Love You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-i_R5abrltk

388.  Sagittarius Tarot Reading April 2020, Stay Positive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puG6W6Iyq7s

389.  Sagittarius Tarot Reading February 2020, Let Your Imagination Run Wild!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPR1UFyNzo0

390.  SAGITTARIUS Tarot Reading Forecast 2019 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emEwC0VFGF8

391.  Sagittarius Tarot Reading January 2020, Who is Creating Drama– Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mrTVM4BX8g

392.  Sagittarius Tarot Reading July 2020, Dare to be Different!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLBO8fUlxKc

393.  Sagittarius Tarot Reading June 2020, Are You Overthinking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1r6jkWlmdWY

394.  Sagittarius Tarot Reading March 2020, Accept the Challenge!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StQwhtRPF7c

395.  Sagittarius Tarot Reading May 2020, Guidance During Lockdown, You Are The Leader.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZesWkyJiHH4

396.  SCORPIO 2019 Tarot Reading Forecast - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nqh2PeU-zeQ

397.  Scorpio 2021 Tarot Reading Forecast – You Know What You Need to Do!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQ5js3wmrU4

398.  Scorpio April 2021, Tarot Reading, Things Will Turn Out for the Best.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVsmpa0Q0NE

399.  Scorpio August 2019, You Are the Leader- Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SohM5o8OG2w

400.  Scorpio August 2021, Tarot Reading, Create Something Extraordinary!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnHUbmeFqjI

401.  Scorpio August Tarot Reading 2020, Coming Through the Darkness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iQnG8FQi_I

402.  Scorpio December 2019, Time to Harness Your Power – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFY9OtA9F_s

403.  Scorpio December 2020 Tarot Reading, Do it Now, Don’t Wait!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6a8cGO3lh8

404.  Scorpio February 2021 Reading, Have You Laughed Lately - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaxVi5Fqlhg

405.  Scorpio July 2019, Gift of Magic - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pjm6V2q7z6g

406.  Scorpio July 2021, Tarot Reading, Take the Leap of Faith!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5iEOe_Q7t4

407.  Scorpio June 2019, Working & Living Together - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPBokBu0rx8

408.  Scorpio June 2021, Tarot Reading, Miracles Are Happening!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFGpC_-_n9Q

409.  Scorpio Love Reading September 2017 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0FZSZjBUGU

410.  Scorpio March Tarot Reading, Scorpio Reading for Today - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INGb1joPmmI

411.  Scorpio May 2017 Reading ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qounG-28mo

412.  Scorpio May 2019, New Thoughts, New Feelings - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEYYipq6NHw

413.  Scorpio May 2021, Tarot Reading, You Are Entering a Lucky Streak!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6oFcnuAtKw

414.  Scorpio November 2019, Are You Seeking Love  – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KY085ixdgn4

415.  Scorpio November 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, Know Your Worth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvK-y-5Adx0

416.  Scorpio October 2019, Focus Upon Your Strengths Scorpio! – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D47XlI_YdYc

417.  Scorpio October 2020 Tarot Reading, Accept the Changes Coming!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hp1ftaHpINI

418.  Scorpio Reading August 2018 ~ No Regrets ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIGbMVNc0GA

419.  SCORPIO Reading February 2019 - Dare to Dream! - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbzAR9QL6-k

420.  Scorpio September 2017 Reading - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3pXqloNjRw

421.  Scorpio September 2019, Abundance is Coming - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mY0n47Q8YFc

422.  Scorpio Tarot March 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-xTFILDc_g

423.  Scorpio Tarot Reading April 2020, Reserve Your Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLpNItVZ2sk

424.  Scorpio Tarot Reading February 2020, You Have The Power! ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BURcM8lOpbI

425.  Scorpio Tarot Reading January 2020, Let Your Light Shine – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnFSb0PJkWM

426.  Scorpio Tarot Reading July 2020, The Volcano is Going to Erupt!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDIdoAEOC4I

427.  Scorpio Tarot Reading June 2020, Opportunity of a Lifetime!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EnNtBmtpjkc

428.  Scorpio Tarot Reading March 2020, What Are You Waiting For.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBKd0NFpe6w

429.  Scorpio Tarot Reading May 2020, Guidance During Lockdown, Your Journey Begins!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uoy1mgc3o-4

430.  ScorpioTarot Reading April 2019, All Work, No Play.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A9_2kh_YiyM

431.  September 2020 Tarot Reading, All Signs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqiIFZY8vak

432.  Spirit Communication - Is this a message for you -  by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVpzoTRk7xA

433.  Spirit Communication No 2 - Is this a message for you - by Sonia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sb802Zz5W_w

434.  Spirit Communication No 3 - Is this message for you - by Sonia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26tofy4NoW0

435.  Spirit Communication No 4 - Is this message for you by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxepaY0Cgag

436.  Spiritual Development with Bnwyfre Energy - Introduction - Online Course.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6Qqg1ANCFo

437.  Spiritual Development with Bnwyfre Energy - Owning Your Own Space (15 of 24).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-ziW5YkUnY

438.  Spiritual Development with Bnwyfre Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJZpXL9Iblo

439.  Spiritual Development, Online Courses, Meet Sonia Parker & Bruce Clifton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIdNrJkfuBA

440.  Tarot Cards for Beginners ~ Tarot for Beginners ~ Tarot by Sonia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbRMBAku4Bs

441.  Tarot Deck Reviews, Best Tarot Decks for Beginners, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-058gH1-yg

442.  TAROT READINGS NOVEMBER - HALF PRICE  - Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1BIfk7osMg

443.  Tarot Secrets & Tips  Course Promotion Video - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZidVqZFMSE

444.  TAURUS 2019 Tarot Reading Forescast - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li70OXRprBw

445.  Taurus 2021 Tarot Reading Forecast – Time to Reset the Boundaries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyyaVYKxNeU

446.  Taurus April 2021, Tarot Reading, A Time to be Spoilt..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jMVWrBZY6k

447.  Taurus August 2019, Rise Above Past Losses - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wb-s-94rTmQ

448.  Taurus August 2021, Tarot Reading, You have Nothing to Prove!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymy1SAs1rHY

449.  Taurus August Tarot Reading  2020, Lots Will Be Revealed!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcJGeWKSWEc

450.  Taurus December 2019, Who is Take, Take, Take – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXEcJjXt0Qs

451.  Taurus December 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, Time to Travel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yK-w9DnIAU0

452.  Taurus February  2021 Reading - Archangel Michael is Around You - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkjyid17maU

453.  Taurus July 2019, Stand Your Ground - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZugD622ofA8

454.  Taurus July 2021, Tarot Reading, Love Without Condition!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2cOH34UbNA

455.  Taurus July Tarot Reading, Important Messages!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dekB00_gQI

456.  Taurus June 2019, Walk Away - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mxolv_HhYEs

457.  Taurus June 2021, Tarot Reading, Give & Take!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsEYbONBnBw

458.  Taurus Love Reading September 2017 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UI8uKuzlAYE

459.  Taurus March Tarot Reading, Taurus March - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evJqnZ4P7Y0

460.  Taurus May 2017 Reading ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ypb0kiH6K_Q

461.  Taurus May 2019, Feel the Love - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8GuGAgCv0o

462.  Taurus May 2021, Tarot Reading, Where are you heading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKekwDz56fo

463.  Taurus November 2019, Listen, Be That Leader!  – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wab09TKrsMw

464.  Taurus November 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, Time to Say No!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T251yFx9eJs

465.  Taurus October 2019, Listen, Life Changing Messages Taurus – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9gpoO-DR7U

466.  Taurus October 2020 Tarot Reading, Stand Up for what you Believe in!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1P5VAaGAY_g

467.  Taurus Reading August 2018 ~ The Perfect Union ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owJKGrcLwwQ

468.  Taurus Reading February 2019 - Are You Ready - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNL8O22nnzQ

469.  Taurus September 2017 Tarot Reading - Ecstacy & Passion!! - by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YVNq6tsHA4

470.  Taurus September 2019, Step Back!  - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sMC-Qe4BP8

471.  Taurus Tarot March 2019, It's Your Choice, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bh5dDqj-kt8

472.  Taurus Tarot Reading April 2019, Who is Putting You Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rK3jTa6q7dM

473.  Taurus Tarot Reading February 2020, Hidden Messages Just for You!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVi14OGjxWs

474.  Taurus Tarot Reading January 2020, Let The World See Your Light – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rssu3ejqyMY

475.  Taurus Tarot Reading June 2020, Fate or Destiny.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x5FpCwfcJ7U

476.  Taurus Tarot Reading March 2020, Happy, Happy, Happy!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xph5BkoLo7I

477.  Taurus Tarot Reading May 2020, Guidance During Lockdown, Use Your Gifts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNeBJ1HzMc8

478.  TaurusTarot Reading April 2020, Important Messages Coming Your Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nz6eGWHYNNg

479.  THE FOOL'S JOURNEY TAROT, How to Read Tarot Cards, The Fool, The Major Arcana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czj5gkgb6Mo

480.  The Glastonbury Tor, Somerset, United Kingdom ~ The Robin ~  Sacred Sites ~ Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZze9MV8_mw

481.  The Spirit World, Life After Death, What Happens When We Die.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAnZkgJ5SpY

482.  The Spiritual Centre Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doABdRDSFS4

483.  Titanic Tarot Review ? Unboxing and  First Impressions ? Exciting New Tarot Deck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CETaF0lLbk

484.  Unicorn Spirit Animal, Unicorn Spirit Guide, Spiritual Meaning of the Unicorn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq5hTIyaFHs

485.  VIRGO 2019 Tarot Reading Forecast - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7H1DVASE1Q0

486.  Virgo 2021 Tarot Reading Forecast – Keep Your Dream Alive!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yS_RSskdIi8

487.  Virgo April 2021, Tarot Reading, Is it Over.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFb-gCm3L3U

488.  Virgo August 2019, Let it Flow! - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hEcA3MTxfM

489.  Virgo August 2021, Tarot Reading, Stagnation Time to Move On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLvaccLzNtA

490.  Virgo August Tarot Reading 2020, Who is Full of Negativity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2b8w3pKrsaI

491.  Virgo December 2019, Time to Say NO!! – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fu5qVDNsbCI

492.  Virgo December 2020 Tarot Reading, Overcome Adversity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-9jMsK4R6c

493.  virgo february 2021 tarot reading   february 2021 predictions  tarot by sonia parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggqqRLzu-Sc

494.  Virgo July 2019, Look Through Your Eyes - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1bYf4G9RjY

495.  Virgo July 2021, Tarot Reading, A Very Special Message is Coming!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mh-G42eSNss

496.  Virgo June 2019, Surprise Meeting - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uB9yBbhM8s4

497.  Virgo June 2021, Tarot Reading, You Can Move Mountains!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwyhnvbi94A

498.  Virgo Love Reading September 2017 - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_YTqLgV2IU

499.  Virgo March Tarot Reading, Virgo Tarot Reading Today - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMPEEZG5CyU

500.  Virgo May 2017 Reading ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wn-SxauOImU

501.  Virgo May 2019 – Change Those Habits - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfXItwNm4uY

502.  Virgo May 2021, Tarot Reading, You are the darkness and the light!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFOCIkKTr5U

503.  Virgo November 2019, Transformation and Healing – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzoZlj7pdMw

504.  Virgo November 2020 Tarot Reading, Love Reading, What is it you Want.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmD9ne98iG0

505.  Virgo October 2019, Persistence Will Bring Success Virgo – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45yLwQDkBl4

506.  Virgo October 2020 Tarot Reading, Abundance is Coming!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rw6FUtF2GK8

507.  Virgo Reading August 2018 ~ Soul Mate ~ Tarot by Sonia Parker, The Spiritual Centre.net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NA7qlMu8qI

508.  VIRGO Reading February 2019 - Ask for Help - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-JlvDkSA1k

509.  Virgo September 2017 Tarot Reading - Set Your Intentions!! -  by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnDiZ04ia5c

510.  Virgo September 2019, Clear the Air  - Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ntdr-YoMz2U

511.  Virgo Tarot March 2019, Share Your Desires, Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDPLTzEaldo

512.  Virgo Tarot Reading April 2020, Who is Irritating You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWImoG_bQd4

513.  Virgo Tarot Reading February 2020, So Much Happening in February!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghM0ezhVT2Y

514.  Virgo Tarot Reading January 2020, Are You Where You Need to Be – Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3s3PBOBPvBE

515.  Virgo Tarot Reading July 2020, What Are You Yearning For.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gbo6NLChmDM

516.  Virgo Tarot Reading June 2020, A Sacred Union.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHfVbkTlS5M

517.  Virgo Tarot Reading March 2020, Time to Soar!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngGlE7cyxZo

518.  Virgo Tarot Reading May 2020, Guidance During Lockdown, Are You The Healer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKNG4Ddak38

519.  VirgoTarot Reading April 2019, Have You Got the Willpower.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qG9CIdrS6xc

520.  Welcome to The Spiritual Centre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Re1ZpbFUjQk

521.  ? 2020 Tarot Predictions ? -  ?Tarot by Sonia Parker ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srnWQyPdoDM

522.  ??aquarius February 2021 Aquarius Tarot Reading 2021 Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQn0e4H9810

523.  ??pisces February 2021 Pisces Tarot Reading 2021 Video - Pisces Tarot by Sonia Parker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXhgZMdjGe8

524.  ?? 2020 Tarot Predictions, Preparing for the Year Ahead, Pick A Card Reading ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVQE47NzarM

525.  ??Pick A Card Tarot Reading ?? January 2020?? Psychic Reading ?? Crystal Messages ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlZ6QK82vV8
The Spiritual Centre - Videos