
10 things you didn't know about orgasm  Mary Roach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jx0dTYUO5E

3 clues to understanding your brain  VS Ramachandran
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rl2LwnaUA-k

4 environmental 'heresies'  Stewart Brand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUxwiVFgghE

A brain in a supercomputer  Henry Markram
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LS3wMC2BpxU

A Darwinian theory of beauty  Denis Dutton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PktUzdnBqWI

A headset that reads your brainwaves  Tan Le
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVhggGSjXVg

A kinder, gentler philosophy of success  Alain de Botton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtSE4rglxbY

A roadmap to end aging  Aubrey de Grey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iYpxRXlboQ

Aaron Koblin Artfully visualizing our humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4v4XxlfVk3o

Aditi Shankardass A second opinion on learning disorders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBxvZwJZgdM

Alan Russell The potential of regenerative medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tijEl8I38mo

An inventory of the invisible  John Lloyd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxFvxKa-mWo

AnnMarie Thomas Hands-on science with squishy circuits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5M3Dow20KlM

Anthony Atala Growing new organs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SfRgg9botI

Are we born to run  Christopher McDougall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-iGZPtWXzE

Are we in control of our decisions  Dan Ariely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9X68dm92HVI

Auret van Heerden Making global labor fair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okQXrB7y_Aw

Before Avatar ... a curious boy  James Cameron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVfd6fg7QsM

Beverly + Dereck Joubert Life lessons from big cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ht6TTA8z3MI

Biomimicry in action  Janine Benyus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_GFq12w5WU

Bjarke Ingels 3 warp-speed architecture tales
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AYE3w5TWHs

Blaise Aguera y Arcas demos augmented-reality maps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCPzji_-2Oo

Bonnie Bassler The secret, social lives of bacteria
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVfmUfr8VPA

Brian Skerry reveals ocean's glory -- and horror
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HEXx3-P8kk

Cameron Herold Let's raise kids to be entrepreneurs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx3GuO41Jyg

Can we eat to starve cancer  William Li
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9bDZ5-zPtY

Captain Charles Moore on the seas of plastic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7K-nq0xkWY

Carter Emmart demos a 3D atlas of the universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8agz9FcDcPk

Charles Leadbeater Education innovation in the slums
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6X-8TA4RBog

Christien Meindertsma How pig parts make the world turn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRETz2F-heQ

Clay Shirky How cognitive surplus will change the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qu7ZpWecIS8

Conrad Wolfram Teaching kids real math with computers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60OVlfAUPJg

Craig Venter A voyage of DNA, genes and the sea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5X6Qy772YU

Craig Venter On the verge of creating synthetic life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKZ-GjSaqgo

Dan Buettner How to live to be 100+
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-jk9ni4XWk

Dan Dennett Responding to Pastor Rick Warren
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTepA-WV_oE

Dangerous memes  Dan Dennett
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzGjEkp772s

David Agus A new strategy in the war against cancer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRxgDMSp9Gs

David Bismark E-voting without fraud
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izddjAp_N4I

David Deutsch A new way to explain explanation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=folTvNDL08A

David Gallo The deep oceans a ribbon of life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIs5CKzckq0

Dean Kamen The emotion behind invention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNgqQNovWTc

Debate Does the world need nuclear energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UK8ccWSZkic

Dimitar Sasselov How we found hundreds of Earth-like planets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8bM8K7W_R8

Do schools kill creativity  Sir Ken Robinson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iG9CE55wbtY

Ed Ulbrich How Benjamin Button got his face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUIfiLplNqQ

Eric Berlow Simplifying complexity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UB2iYzKeej8

Eric Giler demos wireless electricity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1GqNN2Xe7g

Eric Topol The wireless future of medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTZM9X3JfTk

Esther Duflo Social experiments to fight poverty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zvrGiPkVcs

Ethan Zuckerman How to listen to global voices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXPJVwwEmiM

Gaming can make a better world  Jane McGonigal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dE1DuBesGYM

Gary Flake is Pivot a turning point for web exploration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LT_x9s67yWA

Geoff Mulgan Post-crash, investing in a better world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGksAjzI0go

George Whitesides A lab the size of a postage stamp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ew0bn8mGAA

Gero Miesenboeck reengineers a brain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZ_f3Fc0ZRA

Golan Levin makes art that looks back at you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G0MzlfMPuM

Gregory Stock To upgrade is human
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVsnkRoYfX0

Hans Rosling Global population growth, box by box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTznEIZRkLg

Hans Rosling The good news of the decade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OT9poH_D2Iw

How to grow fresh air  Kamal Meattle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmn7tjSNyAA

How we read each other's minds  Rebecca Saxe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOCUH7TxHRI

Ian Goldin Navigating our global future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KuWXfjyGhk0

Jamie Heywood The big idea my brother inspired
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQ2PFoHptK8

Jay Walker on the world's English mania
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5TUpNZqjM8

Jeff Hawkins How brain science will change computing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6CVj5IQkzk

Johanna Blakely Lessons from fashion's free culture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL2FOrx41N0

John Delaney Wiring an interactive ocean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0_VSkoZvaE

Jonathan Drori Why we're storing billions of seeds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8Ff1Xj_-eM

Jonathan Haidt The moral roots of liberals and conservatives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vs41JrnGaxc

Juan Enriquez The life-code that will reshape the future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KdOPY1Iqiw

Juan Enriquez Using biology to rethink the energy challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSyAwuQPMRo

Julian Assange Why the world needs WikiLeaks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNOnvp5t7Do

Kary Mullis' next-gen cure for killer infection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJttdkKo4nM

Kevin Kelly How technology evolves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ap-ZC21bk18

Kevin Stone The bio-future of joint replacement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DL0_gcP15Ts

Kiran Bedi How I remade one of India's toughest prisons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_CSsL3it9Y

Laurie Santos How monkeys mirror human irrationality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUd8XA-5HEk

Learning from dirty jobs  Mike Rowe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRVdiHu1VCc

Life lessons from an ad man  Rory Sutherland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=audakxABYUc

Magnus Larsson Turning dunes into architecture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXMJobWlXks

Marcel Dicke Why not eat insects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6GimGZz6a8

Margaret Stewart How YouTube thinks about copyright
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoX-YihV_ew

Marian Bantjes Intricate beauty by design
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkS-u32xfGc

Mark Roth Suspended animation is within our grasp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVAaZVz9pDs

Math class needs a makeover  Dan Meyer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWUFjb8w9Ps

Mechai Viravaidya How Mr. Condom made Thailand a better place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EL9TBKSdHXU

Melinda French Gates What nonprofits can learn from Coca-Cola
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlUS6KE67Vs

Michael Merzenich Growing evidence of brain plasticity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z41BTeAU7DI

Michael Pollan A plant's-eye view
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQPN1O03z8I

Mike deGruy Hooked by an octopus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ww4kNxYE0c4

Militant atheism  Richard Dawkins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxGMqKCcN6A

My 5 lives as an artist  Raghava KK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_4IK8CiLg8

Natalie Jeremijenko Let's teach fish to text! and other outlandish ideas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GBrJiSMFu0

New experiments in self-teaching  Sugata Mitra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk60sYrU2RU

Nicholas Christakis How social networks predict epidemics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-dPxGLesE4

Optical illusions show how we see  Beau Lotto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mf5otGNbkuc

Paul Ewald Can we domesticate germs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=176adlNeRy8

Paul Rothemund Casting spells with DNA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yn1snjEtk54

Peter Molyneux demos Milo, the virtual boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uieh3RfkCng

Pointing to the future of UI  John Underkoffler (1662742)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6YTQJVzwlI

Pointing to the future of UI  John Underkoffler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6YTQJVzwlI

R.A. Mashelkar Breakthrough designs for ultra-low-cost products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_XchYY3bnU

Rachel Armstrong Architecture that repairs itself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAMrtHC2Ev0

Rachel Botsman The case for collaborative consumption
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQa3kUJPEko

Richard Pyle Exploring the reef's Twilight Zone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19Hj93IgbeQ

Richard Sears Planning for the end of oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGScU5ESei4

Rob Hopkins Transition to a world without oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8meWY0W40OA

Robert Full Engineering and evolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUmOKfllAEo

Robert Full Secrets of movement, from geckos and roaches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ascql_RoeBU

Rory Sutherland Sweat the small stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkLcwHmnPV4

Science can answer moral questions  Sam Harris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj9oB4zpHww

Sebastian Seung I am my connectome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HA7GwKXfJB0

Seth Priebatsch Building the game layer on top of the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yn9fTc_WMbo

Shimon Steinberg Natural pest control ... using bugs!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxQcnxSbivQ

Susan Savage-Rumbaugh The gentle genius of bonobos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8nDJaH-fVE

The accelerating power of technology  Ray Kurzweil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfbOyw3CT6A

The beauty of data visualization  David McCandless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLqjQ55tz-U

The illusion of consciousness  Dan Dennett
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjbWr3ODbAo

The neurons that shaped civilization  VS Ramachandran
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0pwKzTRG5E

The next species of human  Juan Enriquez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNcLKbJs3xk

The pattern behind self-deception  Michael Shermer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_6-iVz1R0o

The tribes we lead  Seth Godin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQGYr9bnktw

Tim Berners-Lee The year open data went worldwide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YcZ3Zqk0a8

Tom Chatfield 7 ways video games engage the brain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyamsZXXF2w

Underwater astonishments  David Gallo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVvn8dpSAt0

Unveiling game-changing wearable tech  Pattie Maes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZ-VjUKAsao

What hallucination reveals about our minds  Oliver Sacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgOTaXhbqPQ

When ideas have sex  Matt Ridley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLHh9E5ilZ4

Where good ideas come from  Steven Johnson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0af00UcTO-c

Why we have too few women leaders  Sheryl Sandberg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18uDutylDa4

Why we make bad decisions  Dan Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4

Why we need the explorers  Brian Cox (1067384)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdwOlk6HIVc

Why we need the explorers  Brian Cox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdwOlk6HIVc

Wii remote hacks  Johnny Lee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgKCrGvShZs

Willie Smits How to restore a rainforest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vfuCPFb8wk

Ze Frank's web playroom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gSSNHO1dDs
The Absolute Best TED talks