
78899.  10 things you didn't know about orgasm  Mary Roach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jx0dTYUO5E

78901.  5 techniques to speak any language  Sid Efromovich  TEDxUpperEastSide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WLHr1_EVtQ

78904.  5 ways to listen better  Julian Treasure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSohjlYQI2A

78908.  A TED speaker's worst nightmare  Colin Robertson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nw52e0dfCaA

78913.  ALL Performances Darci Lynne - The WINNER America's Got Talent 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFf5VaYLTNQ

78919.  Angry Video Game Nerd - Season 5 (AVGN Full Season Five).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIDu72rGs50

78926.  Angry Video Game Nerd - Season 6 (AVGN Full Season Six).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TShomFm6CUI

78934.  Angry Video Game Nerd - Season 7 (AVGN Full Season Seven) (1527059).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uW2ppKluUPs

78943.  Angry Video Game Nerd - Season 7 (AVGN Full Season Seven) (1845508).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uW2ppKluUPs

78953.  Angry Video Game Nerd - Season 7 (AVGN Full Season Seven).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uW2ppKluUPs

78964.  Angry Video Game Nerd - Season 8 (AVGN Full Season Eight).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLhkZ4-xcoE

78976.  BEST Auditions From America's Got Talent 2017  Top Talents.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-pI913zxg0

78989.  Bill Gates Teachers need real feedback.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81Ub0SMxZQo

79003.  Body language, the power is in the palm of your hands  Allan Pease  TEDxMacquarieUniversity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZZ7k8cMA-4

79018.  Breaking the language barrier  Tim Doner  TEDxTeen 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNmf-G81Irs

79034.  Colin Grant The son of a difficult father.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05jJodDVJRQ

79051.  Dan Dennett Cute, sexy, sweet, funny.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzN-uIVkfjg

79069.  Embrace the Shake  Phil Hansen  TED Talks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrZTho_o_is

79088.  Eric Liu Why ordinary people need to understand power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cd0JH1AreDw

79108.  Famous ElusiveUnconfirmed MovieTV Quotes (PART 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPRYlySthLo

79129.  Famous MovieTV Misquotes (PART 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VA2tFF_iIqg

79151.  Glenn Greenwald Why privacy matters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcSlowAhvUk

79174.  Gratitude  Louie Schwartzberg  TEDxSF.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXDMoiEkyuQ

79198.  How do you explain consciousness  David Chalmers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhRhtFFhNzQ

79223.  How I held my breath for 17 minutes  David Blaine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFnGhrC_3Gs

79249.  How to become a memory master  Idriz Zogaj  TEDxGoteborg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ebJlcZMx3c

79276.  How to believe in yourself Jim Cathcart at TEDxDelrayBeach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ki9-oaPwHs

79304.  How to build your creative confidence  David Kelley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16p9YRF0l-g

79333.  How to find your passion and inner awesomenes  Eugene Hennie  TEDxMMU.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rH0AlC2TbR8

79363.  How to know your life purpose in 5 minutes  Adam Leipzig  TEDxMalibu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVsXO9brK7M

79394.  How to learn any language in six months  Chris Lonsdale  TEDxLingnanUniversity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0yGdNEWdn0

79426.  How to make stress your friend  Kelly McGonigal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcGyVTAoXEU

79459.  How to speak so that people want to listen  Julian Treasure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIho2S0ZahI

79493.  How to spot a liar  Pamela Meyer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_6vDLq64gE

79528.  If I should have a daughter ...  Sarah Kay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0snNB1yS3IE

79564.  Innovating to zero!  Bill Gates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaF-fq2Zn7I

79601.  Making sense of string theory  Brian Greene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtdE662eY_M

79639.  Male Singers Hitting Female Singers HIGH NOTES!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ym3VhkGH3E4

79678.  Matthew O'Reilly Am I dying The honest answer..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaMnRrrQx48

79718.  MEGA MAN Games (DOS, PS1, PS2) - Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN) (1831883).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3iEn5rzMnw

79759.  MEGA MAN Games (DOS, PS1, PS2) - Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3iEn5rzMnw

79801.  MOST INTENSE Performances EVER on Got Talent  Top Talent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRi08WNWLTU

79844.  Never, ever give up  Diana Nyad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx8uYIfUvh4

79888.  On being wrong  Kathryn Schulz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QleRgTBMX88

79933.  One more reason to get a good night’s sleep  Jeff Iliff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJK-dMlATmM

79979.  Overcoming hopelessness  Nick Vujicic  TEDxNoviSad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6P2nPI6CTlc

80026.  Paperboy (NES) - Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5oH0rzY5zOA

80074.  Planet of the Apes (Sony Playstation) - Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbAoITuMqg4

80123.  Polybius - Angry Video Game Nerd (AVGN).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4hktqhBpzY

80173.  Strange answers to the psychopath test  Jon Ronson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYemnKEKx0c

80224.  The Best Top 7 AMAZING Auditions  America's Got Talent 2017 (1185403).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kwrdk207jA

80276.  The Best Top 7 AMAZING Auditions  America's Got Talent 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kwrdk207jA

80329.  The danger of silence  Clint Smith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiKtZgImdlY

80383.  The emergence of 4D printing  Skylar Tibbits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gMCZFHv9v8

80438.  The first 20 hours -- how to learn anything  Josh Kaufman  TEDxCSU.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MgBikgcWnY

80494.  The freakonomics of McDonalds vs. drugs  Steven Levitt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UGC2nLnaes

80551.  The great porn experiment  Gary Wilson  TEDxGlasgow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSF82AwSDiU

80609.  The habits of happiness  Matthieu Ricard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbLEf4HR74E

80668.  The hidden meanings in kids' movies  Colin Stokes  TEDxBeaconStreet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nx8RRIiP53Q

80728.  The hidden power of smiling  Ron Gutman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9cGdRNMdQQ

80789.  The key to transforming yourself -- Robert Greene at TEDxBrixton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLt_yDvdeLQ

80851.  The Mandela Effect in Movies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltst5EDnde4

80914.  The surprising science of happiness  Dan Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4q1dgn_C0AU

80978.  To This Day ... for the bullied and beautiful  Shane Koyczan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa1iS1MqUy4

81043.  Try something new for 30 days  Matt Cutts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnfBXjWm7hc

81109.  Underwater astonishments  David Gallo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVvn8dpSAt0

81176.  What you don't know about marriage  Jenna McCarthy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8u42OjH0ss

81244.  Why do we sleep  Russell Foster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWULB9Aoopc

81313.  Why good leaders make you feel safe  Simon Sinek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmyZMtPVodo

81383.  Why people believe weird things  Michael Shermer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8T_jwq9ph8k

81454.  Why we do what we do  Tony Robbins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cpc-t-Uwv1I

81526.  Why we love, why we cheat  Helen Fisher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-ewvCNguug

81599.  Why we make bad decisions  Dan Gilbert (1679568).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4

81673.  Why we make bad decisions  Dan Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4

81748.  Why we need to talk about suicide  Mark Henick  TEDxToronto.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1QoyTmeAYw

81824.  Why you will fail to have a great career  Larry Smith  TEDxUW.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKHTawgyKWQ

81901.  You Know What’s BS! Clothing Tags.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuAp-4j6QKQ

81979.  You Know What’s BS! Oversized Packaging (1000472).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGL3zr3xDHU

82058.  You Know What’s BS! Oversized Packaging (1259666).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGL3zr3xDHU

82138.  You Know What’s BS! Oversized Packaging (1352795).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGL3zr3xDHU

82219.  You Know What’s BS! Oversized Packaging (1589312).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGL3zr3xDHU

82301.  You Know What’s BS! Oversized Packaging.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGL3zr3xDHU

82384.  You Know What’s BS! Public Bathrooms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4Doj1AZInI

82468.  Your body language may shape who you are  Amy Cuddy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks-_Mh1QhMc

82553.  Your elusive creative genius  Elizabeth Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86x-u-tz0MA
improve listening English skill with Ted talks