
$20 HAMSTER HAUL ?? CHALLENGE VS PICKLES12807  You Vote!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYdJmWwxLVc

10,000 Subscriber GIVEAWAY  CLOSED  Hamster & Guinea Pig
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zzan39Ws0c

3 DIY HAMSTER CAGE Christmas Ideas  Decorating your Hamster's Cage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yI-vDMBPjLM

A TINY HAMSTER WITH A BIG HEART  My Hamster Exploring her New Cage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inEg4E7KhVk

ADOPTING MY NEW HAMSTER  Petsmart Vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJ4prfWoYmY

ALL MY HAMSTER MISTAKES!????  STORYTIME
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-NDScTeYHg

All My Hamster TREATS  December 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2b9pt6eVNs

ALL MY HAMSTER TREATS!  Organizing my Hamster Treat Collection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbPtRJc4MOA

ALL MY PET HAMSTER SUPPLIES!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdXigE3E4ug

AM I TOO OLD TO HAVE A HAMSTER  Hamster Owner Questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfRXrFF93CM

ANIMAL DECOR HAUL  BOOK HAUL  CHANNEL UPDATES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qt21Id-3Kw

ANIMAL ROOM CLEANING & REARRANGING MY PET ROOM!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMrOo6GCMJg

ANIMAL ROOM TOUR!  FALL THEMED  PET ROOM TOUR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exSX95z-8k8

ANIMAL ROOM TOUR!  Hamster Cages & Fish Tank Updates!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwp89CjSacs

ARE THESE SAFE FOR HAMSTERS  I AM UPSET  Ecotrition Snak Shak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UhB5osmFAu8

August Favorites! 2014 (Hamsters,Piggies,Personal)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7ogTSehVcQ

AUGUST HAMSTER HAUL  PETCO HAMSTER SUPPLIES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sH2H6kFRSIc

AUTUMN WITH MY HAMSTERS ?? ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoBCFSmi4oM

BABY FOOD CHALLENGE  Fun with HammyLux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sSV8AA0YbM

BABY SNAILS IN MY AQUARIUM!  SNAIL EGGS  PET SNAILS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHrc5d0-dYU

BASIC HAMSTER CARE  HAMSTER CARE GUIDE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjLD9AO-Sz0

BEAN BOOZLED CHALLENGE  Fun with HammyLux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azW0RrpG41w

Birthday VLOG  Luray Caverns & Garden Maze
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Za32fzikUbI

BLACK FRIDAY SHOPPING AND HAUL  Happy Thanksgiving  Senegal Parrot updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWMZR7S7_yw

Bobby's Bunny Boutique Mini Haul {Hamster + Guinea Pig}
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJNlmkIIvH8

Bunny's Furr and Feathers UNBOXING! (Small Animal)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aVrKfHm29w4

BUYING A HAMSTER FROM PETSMART VS ADOPTING!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPd-reUl7DA

CAREFRESH BAKING SODA REVIEW  Hamster Bedding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mqvay821akw

Casper's Daily Diet (Dwarf Hamster) OLD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDCEiu4Iu28

Casper's Hamster Cage Tour! May 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVKiwr2q6V8

CHECKING ON MY HAMSTERS  FOLLOW ME AROUND  FANCY PETS BLIND UNBOXING  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsgqi3DdNdQ

Christmas Gifts 2014  Hamsters + Personal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CIE9zJ0U1A

CLEANING MY HAMSTER CAGES & CHRISTMAS CAGE TOURS!  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wNDD-alUFM

CLEANING MY HAMSTER WHEELS & SPOT CLEANING CAGES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0rmsWV-Du4

Cleaning Timmy's Ikea Detolf Hamster Cage  Timelapse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aww_fCGJKzs

Cleaning Vinny's Bincage! Timelapse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4G_2w3aCQw

COCO Hamster Treat Time! (Hagen Strawberry)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3E0hshQC4k

Coco's Daily Diet! (Syrian Hamster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk8KOeBAnLU

Coco's FALL Hamster Cage Tour! November 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMRQxdpE1-Y

Coco's HAMSTER Cage Tour  January 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuE-MqeclI4

Coco's VALENTINE'S DAY Themed Hamster Cage Tour  February 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgHmExm0YdU

Coco's WINTER Themed HAMSTER CAGE TOUR  December 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33GVSnml7EY

CONTEST Prize Package! - (Guinea Pig) Valerie'sZoo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TudbRLSnFU

Cooking with Hamster Chef Cheerio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2UGU1yPOLc

CUTE HAMSTER  What I got my kids for Christmas & more Wrapping  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeT6HoirwFQ

Cute Hamster Video!  Syrian Hamster in a school bus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t56UlUQzPv0

CUTE HAMSTER,FAMILY FUN & FILMING SETUP  Weekly Vlog #1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzcWERqUU04

CUTE HAMSTERS FREE RANGING & NEVER Release your PETS into the Wild!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YinjPfOeoKM

CUTE HAMSTERS PLAYING & SURPRISE PACKAGE UNBOXING!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dPIXLXsVfc

Cute Hamsters! Coco & Timmy  February 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rH833pH7Z4

DECEMBER HAMSTER HAUL  GRWM HOLIDAY MAKEUP CHANNEL UPDATES  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IA5FtKa5qMo

DECORATING HAMSTER CAGES  SYRIAN HAMSTER FUN  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uDeP5W_y7g

DECORATING THE PET ROOM & SHOPPING  Hamster has big Cheeks  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pT4ft6xUhtM

Dedication to YOU! -Guinea Pig love and any Animal-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AF7ee7lMNxc

DIY Hamster Cage Name Tags!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iO_3TEd6sjo

DIY HAMSTER Christmas Light Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQ9h4fJX85U

DIY HAMSTER PLATFORM  FOLLOW ME AROUND Michael's Crafts & Walmart Vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rz6LHb2nYk

DIY Hamster Toy  Popsicle Sticks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rPQmHzjwd0

DIY Hamster Treats Magic Stix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9S-mqx4c2D8

DIY IKEA Detolf Lid (Hamster Cage)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=227-UHx01rM

DON'T LAUGH CHALLENGE!??  Fun with Hammylux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSYc2GeHVgw

DWARF HAMSTER  AM I STILL VEGAN  MOVING FURNITURE  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nC8r2zP1W3Q

DWARF HAMSTER CAGE SPOT CLEANING  Polymer Clay Charms, Room Tour & Moving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J72vt_rYiJg

DWARF HAMSTER CAGE TOUR & CLEANING A HAMSTER CAGE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLprTY2I6IM

EATING PET FOOD WITH MY 8 YEAR OLD SON!  HAMSTER TREATS WITH MY KID
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sEiimk5UEk

FALSE ALARM ?? I thought my Hamster had a Respiratory Infection! ????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YquwfFNXs6E

FAVORITE HAMSTER CHEW TOYS & THE REALITY OF OWNING ANY EXOTIC ANIMAL  ? A HUGE THANK YOU ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqszGbzhUgo

FEBRUARY HAMSTER HAUL  Petco, Petsmart & Goodwill Hamster Supplies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12AgDSVP0jE

FOLLOW ME AROUND PETSMART AND THE BOOK STORE  SNOWING & HAMSTERS  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1tAvISjEu0

GETTING & SETTING UP MY NEW HAMSTER CAGE!  Ikea Detolf & Vlog  Dealing with Vertigo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z07SRwtIrN4

GETTING A CHRISTMAS TREE  FOLLOW ME AROUND TARGET & XMAS HAUL  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M32PYo8C6Rw

GETTING A NEW PET  ANIMAL ROOM UPDATES  GETTING A NEW HAMSTER CAGE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbcKg7JJK5Y

GETTING MY NEW HAMSTER  Petsmart Adoption  Syrian Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imwKMbwrEJI

GIVEAWAY Results! Hamster contest?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDkY-rNBYVU

GIVEAWAY WINNERS!  2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vd5IwIWI0p0

GOING TO PETSMART  HAMSTERS AND KITTENS  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOylqwH9NtY

GOING VEGAN! ANIMAL TALK  CLEANING MY HAMSTER CAGE & SUPPLIES!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCex4gxUzDk

Goodnight Biggie Smalls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRzcGqw6SQs

Goodnight Charlie & Jake ?? My Rats Sudden Death!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAJQC5ZjOW4

Goodnight Coco  February 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oY9Lw3gdLMQ

Goodnight Patch  My Hamster passed away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29PxNINIvQI

GOODNIGHT VINNY October 10 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Zz8mjs_UG4

Guinea Pig ADOPTION  Welcome Alfie & Toby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEAPpzbKO7A

Guinea Pig Adoption Story  Bruno & Lemon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKLbptvh6Qw

Guinea Pig Cage Tour  June 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwYgHE0wSl8

Guinea Pig Cage Tour! June 2014 (OLD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_AdePQUhTA

Guinea Pig Cage UPDATES! August 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDAnktTp7tI

Guinea Pig Cage Updates! June 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUJZz6yJNyA

Guinea Pig DIET  April 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MtBI0HD_pw

Guinea Pig FLEECE HAUL  Valerie'sZoo & Piggypopshop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjFHKjVzXkE

Guinea Pig IKEA Doll Bed!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWpe-by6ASo

Guinea Pig SPRING CAGE TOUR  April 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_maEwXRtYRk

HALLOWEEN HAMSTER CAGE TOUR! ??  PET CAGE TOUR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdfJjDPahsY

HAMMYLUX BLOOPERS!  ?HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!? 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP_9lUnEpqg

Hammylux live  Hamster Hangout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIzzrwE07xg

Hammylux Live ended! Grab ??  popcorn!! Getting fish tank lid and weekly vlogs!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Nk7h6x0tXo

HammyLux Live Stream  Hamster Hangout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_RUo_qWFW8

HammyLux Live Stream Ended ! Grab popcorn ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGE93PFSTJU

HammyLux Live Stream ???(come watch the chat from earlier) ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQDYgwGJ2MU

HammyLux Live Stream! ??Ended  Grab popcorn ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2xA0w4ZbBk

Hamster + Guinea Pig Pet Haul (Petco,Petsmart..)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iZyxxYou7o

Hamster - Sweet Pea's 40 Gallon Tank cage Upgrade! Timelapse--
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yQtHbjQl-E

Hamster Adoption Story  My New Hamster Beavis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgQG8CCT9r0

HAMSTER BIN CAGE & TREATS  MY ART JOURNALS  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfhksLZ3SIs

HAMSTER CAGE  Acrylic Cage Tank Terrarium  Mochi's New Cage Setup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjFlCVHwvMY

HAMSTER CAGE CLEANING  Getting a New Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCa2DB-w8t4

Hamster Cage Cleaning  Roborovski Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJiauIekwOQ

Hamster Cage Cleaning  Syrian Hamster (1449462)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRxNho7aMqQ

Hamster Cage Cleaning  Syrian Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zT3ca19Y1o

HAMSTER CAGE CLEANING & CAGE TOUR  Hamster DIY Platform FAIL ????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj1sjrMrQ1U

HAMSTER CAGE CLEANING & CAGE TOUR  PET HAMSTER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjCVdIEpnpE

Hamster Cage Cleaning & Cage Tour  Roborovski Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7bAQ-iylRM

HAMSTER CAGE CLEANING & CAGE TOUR  Syrian Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tTITWaU-KA

HAMSTER CAGE CLEANING & CAGE TOUR!  My Hamster is chewing her Cage??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztkbjUgCR1s

HAMSTER CAGE CLEANING & CHIT CHAT  New Hamster Cage Plans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAdEdkLYafU

HAMSTER CAGE CLEANING AND CAGE TOUR  ANIMAL CAGE CLEANING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMsY9IpD0xo

HAMSTER CAGE CLEANING AND CAGE TOUR  Syrian Hamster Cage Setup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJ07GnM8UEs

HAMSTER CAGE CLEANING AND CAGE TOUR! IKEA DETOLF  Also, Who am I Fangirling over!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AILlkgYAwM

HAMSTER CAGE DECISIONS!  Critter Nation, Bin Cage, Exo Terra!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxt9rCjYdBM

HAMSTER CAGE FALLING APART & ONLINE DATE STORY TIME  Dealing with Anxiety
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mF0A9oKMYqo

HAMSTER CAGE MODIFICATIONS & TRYING TO WALK MY CAT ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkQgb0PyJog

Hamster Cage Review  My Thoughts  ecoFLEX Small Animal Hutch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnyahLQK4Ds

HAMSTER CAGE SETUP & UPDATES  Change of Plans!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdcFl1MA218

Hamster Cage Spot Cleaning  Getting Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbzmcuuJNfQ

HAMSTER CAGE SPOT CLEANING  MY PACMAN FROG DIED  COSTUMES & PUMPKINS ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIlkFegUxpg

HAMSTER CAGE SWAP  Living World Green Eco Habitat  Pet Room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wIFOgH_OZQ

HAMSTER CAGE TOUR  Acrylic Cage Tank Terrarium  March 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7BXI_P50Ws

HAMSTER CAGE TOUR & CAGE CLEANING  UNDERWATER SEA CAGE THEME  My Daughter makes an Appearance!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ESNrwr_lnc

Hamster Cage Tour Setup  Princess Valentine Theme  February 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDzT0vYoIFQ

HAMSTER Christmas Pet Haul  2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VS_B-zRqsgo

Hamster Coco's Cage Tour -March 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=octWgAgtR5Y

HAMSTER DIET  PETCO VLOG & MAKING A HAMSTER SALAD! ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2CNLjaIgEU

Hamster Dinner Time! Part 1 {Lettuce}
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vFlj0fvlUY

Hamster Dish & Bowl Collection  2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8aKE6iXULw

HAMSTER DIY  HAMSTER FACE PAINTING ??  MY KID DOES MY MAKEUP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cuz_lON8lEI

HAMSTER DIY TOYS, PLATFORM  WINTER CLEANING AND DECEMBER CHANNEL PLANS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZU3TtdR-dPs

HAMSTER DOES THE SPLITS & HAMSTER CAGE SPOT CLEANING!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Np2ZOBCV4iw

HAMSTER FOOD  WHAT I FEED MY PET HAMSTER  MY HAMSTERS DIET
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MALlua94uD8

Hamster Food Review  Henry's Healthy Hamster Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaIKhTdCtuk

HAMSTER HAUL  BOOK HAUL  HOME DECOR  ANIMAL JEWELRY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeL1yNw29rg

Hamster Haul  Tiny Friends Farm Hamster Sand Not Safe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gGCUWJktvo

Hamster Haul & Roborovski Hamster Cage Cleaning  Lorex Plastics Enclosures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7hOkY1nwjw

Hamster Mail Unboxing  Subscription Box for Hamsters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yK2Q-mleoHI

HAMSTER MISTAKES TO AVOID  Hamster Do's and Dont's!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlimE3KDD3U

HAMSTER PACKAGE FROM HOPPINGHAMMY! ????  Hamster Treats,Toys and CANDY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89v7C4yAPE4

HAMSTER Pet Haul  January 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHuKHNIcuog

HAMSTER PET PROFILE  Christmas Special!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwQffwjIlXY

HAMSTER Pet Supply Haul!  Carolina Storm Wheel & More!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeDBeHxei1E

Hamster Petco & Petsmart Haul! YAY shopping!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8VfVAHG5NwA

Hamster Petco - Michaels - eBay Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=el3JnoJW2Rw

HAMSTER PHOTOSHOOT  EXHAUSTED AND SNAPCHATS  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8YNLL5csd4

HAMSTER PLAYTIME  BRUSHING MY CAT  OLD PHOTOS & A MESS  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSEileRKOqQ

HAMSTER Playtime!  Featuring COCO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruGUbPbzj9U

Hamster Room Tour  I Ordered a New Hamster Cage & Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-vZsu9VbFA

HAMSTER SUPPLIES & FOOD ORGANIZATION!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuBNoRstuFQ

HAMSTER SUPPLIES STORAGE CABINET!  Organizing Pet Supplies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAVywk6cPck

HAMSTER SUPPLIES UNBOXING  RaTamaZone  Tamagotchi!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVZVdOHWzTg

HAMSTER SUPPLY HAUL  AMAZON  What did I buy! ????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLQqw-I7QPo

HAMSTER SUPPLY HAUL  Petsmart got new Hamster Supplies! ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_7qCKypApg

HAMSTER SUPPLY PACKAGE FROM MYSTOVIDS!  HALLOWEEN DECOR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIlZxzA-3D0

HAMSTER TAMING FAIL  Kawaii Art Supplies Unboxing  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONYHsXc8-fg

Hamster Taming Session  Roborovski Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGG2_LEN2y8

Hamster Taming Session ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRGivvaY8X8

HAMSTER TEETH  BLIND UNBOXING  FOLLOW ME AROUND  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLTJKW0EurY

HAMSTER TRADE PACKAGE WITH LITTLELOTTI'S HARTLAND!  Hamster Dance! ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3sJ6aFqchEk

HAMSTER TREAT CHALLENGE  Fun with HammyLux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POPCHaAxUQA

HAMSTER UPDATES  Spot Cleaning & Cage RANT  Vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4e9d2joGEQ

Hamster Updates & Where have I been
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFJlO5MPDaU

HAMSTER WHEELS & BEDDING, ZOELLA, STRANGER THINGS & ASMR VIDEOS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWciHuXOn1M

HAMSTER, BIRD ?? & SNAILS  KICKBALL AND SHOPPING!  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9O3PoFKiTw

HAMSTER, CAT & PACMAN FROG NOT EATING  BIRTHDAY FUN  VLOG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urgDbglk5CI

Hamster- Cheerios April 2014 Cage Tour!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0uBObneXnA

HAMSTERS AND BEING SICK  My Art Room & Craft Area
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32y33w2LkX8

HAMSTERS ARE EVIL!  Myths & Misconceptions about Hamsters  Story Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvfiGz7QVI8

HAMSTERS FREE RANGING  Mini Hamster Haul & Chit Chat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n77x1iIMBUQ

Hamsters, Marriage, School and Snails are gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgjA-JWtw6U

Hand Feeding My Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8XlXWLP154

HANGING OUT WITH MY HAMSTERS  Hamster Taming Tips ,Chit Chat & My Hamster poops a lot ????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPeqO9dzZOA

HAPPY NEW YEAR 2015  YouTube Tips + Talk  Hamsters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nriXEp8S9c

HEDGEHOGS, RATS, HAMSTERS AND SPEAKING GERMAN!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnBjEi0yquU

heeeeeeyyyyy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uTex8iAZmY

HELLO FRIENDS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZysirJXvZk

HOLDING A SNAKE FOR THE FIRST TIME! Shopping at Petco  Also, I NEED a BEARDED DRAGON!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeWuYYR2mOs

HOUSE TOUR  PLAYING WITH MY DWARF HAMSTER  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UE0T74FAOE

How to change a HAMSTERS Diet  Safely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7cnqqGxdqE

HOW TO CONVINCE YOUR PARENTS FOR A HAMSTER OR ANY PET!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3fm4D5Bh2k

HOW TO HOLD A NEW HAMSTER  TAMING MY HAMSTER  HAMSTER CARE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGvMTr9ai_8

HOW TO SET UP A HAMSTER CAGE  New Hamster Owners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlBsetpVxKU

HOW TO Sterilize Play Sand for Hamsters!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pI1cIl-la3s

HOW TO STOP HAMSTER BAR CHEWING ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bRikRtG318

HUGE Hamster - Guinea Pig Pet Haul! (Zoo&CO.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6qt9B3eXWk

I GOT A NEW HAMSTER!  Meet my new Roborovski Hamster  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhsTjH34-AA

I love this Crazy Animal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gpyny_NlsMk

i think i am going to get a new hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GP0EPHoHfLY

IKEA DETOLF HAMSTER CAGE  Moving my Hamster in her New Cage & IKEA Detolf Lid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtFp496A9fw

IKEA Detolf Hamster Cage Setup + {Who got the Cage}
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBS4qTIDBB4

IKEA haul  my hamster bin cages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXrgPJ_A5l0

JANUARY HAMSTER HAUL  Petsmart Hamster Supplies & Goodwill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJnr0hPrXss

JULY HAMSTER HAUL & HAMSTER CARE PACKAGE!  Rosewood Products at Walmart ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aiv9D1ton8I

JUNE Favorites 2014 (Hamsters,Piggies,RANDOM)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaea8klBq-U

JUNE HAMSTER HAUL & BETTA FISH HAUL  Petco & Amazon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzsfX3r_j3M

Making a Hamster Maze! ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a71USa0zAE

March Hamster Haul!  Target, Dollar Tree & Viovet Hamster Supplies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkCby167ORg

MEET LOVE THE HAIRLESS HAMSTER!  California Hamster Association
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEFPBxY6O5Y

MEET MOCHI & UPDATES  Syrian Hamster  Hamster Adoption
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6o-3ICWivs

Meet My New Hamster  Welcome Beavis! ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiSTNpO2o4Q

MEET MY RATS ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TxfcJn5L4o

MEET PATCH! ??  My New Adopted Dwarf Hamster!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJFFXez2AMI

MEET YOKI - Syrian Hamster -
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Yo6Uin9gjw

Merry Christmas 2014  Hamster Surprise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5wPa_pc1Z8

MERRY CHRISTMAS!  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVsdLg8EoHM

More Pet Rats, Some Sad news & Rat Toys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4c0rl1USZP4

MORNING HAMSTER ROUTINE  How to take care of a Hamster during the day ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ovezq7eDlgQ

MOVING MY DWARF HAMSTER INTO HIS NEW CAGE & CAGE TOUR!  Mini Pet Room Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3c8i_vT_tA

Moving My Hamster Into His New Cage  Dwarf Hamster Cage Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-MMYT1DHNU

Moving My Hamster Into His New Cage  Roborovski Hamster Cage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChuKWi1E4eM

MY BROTHER GETTING A SENEGAL PARROT  SURPRISE HAMSTER PLUSH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prmNTa2LJFM

MY HAMSTER BECOMING A SIMS CHARACTER  Lets Play The Sims 4 #1  HammyLux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSa-sTTs0EM

MY NEW HAMSTER BIGGIE SMALLS  Pet Hamster Adoption Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5H8_wR7v84

My New Hamster Cage Setup  New Age Pet Ecoflex Small Animal Hutch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOMI9z0xT0M

My New Pet Rats  The First Days  Hamster Package
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFbwFMzqxGA

My Pets! Hamsters,Guinea Pigs,Cats!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCANgtg99_0

MY SISTER HOLDS A HAMSTER FOR THE FIRST TIME!  MunchPak Unboxing ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umS4OYC-QaI

My TOP 5 Hamster Products!!--May 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pLoV8Su6gU

My Trip to the Pet Stores!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fSdcp36EpM

My Trip! Part 1 (Scenery + City)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7nAVaN0trs

My Trip! Part 2 (Shopping & Petstore!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jyef3BhRAM

NEW HAMSTER CAGE!  Critter Nation Hamster Cage Setup!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZbMgMsa6Qw

NEW HAMSTER NAME REVEAL  Hamster Habitrail Ovo fun & Target  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2d9IH2WKOM

NEW YEARS RESOLUTION 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvf8jPTvZkM

No More Hamster Room  Hamster Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2jeD-dciCo

NOVEMBER HAMSTER HAUL!  Petsmart Hamster Supplies  Pet Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zr99mIx8rL0

OCTOBER HAMSTER HAUL ??  HALLOWEEN HAMSTER SUPPLIES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4jmAvrCqT8

OLD !! TINY FRIENDS FARM HAZEL HAMSTER Review  Hamster Food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7y3zQohyptQ

ORDERING LIVE ANIMALS ONLINE FAIL  PACMAN FROG  GETTING A NEW CAMERA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7VhgqDl8kc

Organizing All My Hamster Supplies!??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xVhPEG_7iQ

Organizing My Hamster Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EF1v35Mybl0

PACMAN FROG SUPPLIES AND FALL DECOR SHOPPING!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjQ5_BZUM_0

PACMAN FROG TANK SETUP AND HAUL!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taUx8DDtQLw

PET ROOM TOUR  Hamster & Guinea Pig  March 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilekuigoczg

PET STORE VLOG  Hamsters, Hedgehogs, Reptiles and More!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNiag6KJWrk

PETCO Hamsters & Fish  PET STORE Vlog  Getting New Fish Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZRpxx_eKeY

PETCO VLOG  Getting Hamster Treats, cute FISH & Reptiles  SURPRISE HAMSTER PACKAGE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyU382woTwQ

PETCO VLOG  GOING TO PET STORES  HAMSTERS & HEDGEHOGS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lSZCRosHSU

Petco Vlog, Battlefield Trails and its HOT!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfnPWVtcvlw

PETCO VLOG, PET HALLOWEEN COSTUMES AND TRICK OR TREATING!  Zombie Frappuccino
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUM3P2a7aXI

PETCUBE PLAY REVIEW  Playing,Talking & Watching your Pets  Interactive Pet Camera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsHwIWdRsrc

PETSMART & PETCO VLOG  Cute Hamsters,Fiddler Crabs & NOT ALLOWED TO FILM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=np3Wq3IRiso

PETSMART HAMSTERS & GUINEA PIGS  Hamster Supplies Goodwill Shopping & Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kN1dLGwEF30

PHOTOBOOTH CHALLENGE  Fun with HammyLux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dhel6RlXaVs

Picking up the Baby Rats  Small Animal Rescue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYiQJgcK0o0

PINK HAIR  DID I GET THE HAMSTER STRAWBERRY HUT! & ANSWERING YOUR SNAPCHATS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-buQ_Cc3BF0

Playtime Little Critter Creations Haul  June 2015  Hamster & Guinea Pig
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMzgoANf1yk

Playtime Little Critter Creations UNBOXING  Guinea Pig & Hamster  March 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBQrOGxm6nM

POPSICLE STICK DIY HAMSTER PLATFORM ??  We finally made something LOL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lyr1JwWAm48

Preventing PICKY EATERS! Hamster TIPS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6GSIfZagjA

PUMPKIN CARVING WITH MY KIDS! ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZUaZyjLoDM

PVC Pipes  Hamster Toy & Tunnel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khiG3qFRLKw

Q&A  The Answers! Part 1  Hammylux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSYsIPQkfTk

Q&A Answers! Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQQHbdHnF6M

Q&A TIME!  HammyLux  CLOSED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yxu52pY8S4

Rat Updates  Introductions, Vet Visit, & Cage Cleaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HC1a_Ih53w

REACTING TO MY OLD VIDEOS!  Old Pet Videos  HammyLux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfSD03oi50o

Reading My Hate Comments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLnia0CHYZg

REARRANGED MY HAMSTER CAGES & BASEMENT MODIFICATIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3VVmutCK38

REARRANGING THE NEW HAMSTER ROOM! ??  Pet Room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2HtNqTZnmU

REVIEW - All Living Things-Paper Pet Bedding (Hamster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioCRp47eIjQ

ROOM & BASEMENT TOUR 2017  Pet Room Tour  Hamsters & Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLbVY4mUYJA

SEPTEMBER HAMSTER HAUL!  PETSMART HAMSTER SUPPLIES AND MORE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-wXFSdylhw

Setting Up My Hamster Cage  Cage Swap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmxlhsOAWRQ

SETTING UP MY NEW BETTA FISH TANK! ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CFgwGblDuM

SETTING UP MY NEW SNAIL TANK!  NO MORE BETTA FISH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4k6vEJyADA

Setting Up My Rat Cage & Mini Rat Haul  Midwest Double Critter Nation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzABBWKz5w0

SHOPPING FOR BOOKS  BARNES & NOBLE BOOK STORE VLOG  EARLY BOOK RELEASE FAIL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Folq6hA8QgE

SHOPPING FOR HAMSTER SUPPLIES AT TARGET & PETSMART!  HAMSTER SHOPPING VLOG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzzp5_MGq_o

SHOULD I GET THIS HAMSTER! ??  Petco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaCqHL4kdcI

SNAKES AND HAMSTERS WHAT WAS MY FIRST PET  Answering your Questions!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8E58mhubO8

SPCA ANIMAL PET ADOPTION SHELTER VLOG  I want to adopt all the Pets!????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X609HO4Aov4

Spot Cleaning My Animal Cages!  Pet Rats & Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OAiusGlikY

SPOT CLEANING MY HAMSTER CAGE  Also, I think I am obsessed with my Hamster ????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2mnrzSvKSk

Spot Cleaning My Hamster Cages! ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tN1cL8CBv5Y

ST. PATRICK'S DAY HAMSTER CAGE TOUR  March 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBWCK-HkhcM

Storing and Organizing my Hamsters Food ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNUl_PvB0UM

SURPRISE GIVEAWAY!! (Hamster Contest) CLOSED!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh1MNLTCWrk

SURPRISE Package! from The Cavy House (Hamster + Guinea Pig)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySdmBukkla4

SURPRISE PACKAGES!  Hamster & Guinea Pig
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1bX1GtsyBc

SURPRISE!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYLQMzj3_q0

Sweet Pea's Hamster Cage Tour! May 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bL2leKLGt0

Sweet Pea's Natural Hamster Cage Tour! August 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzJwEEexP04

SYRIAN Hamster Diet  OLD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnKJ8oz3nm8

SYRIAN HAMSTER HABITRAIL OVO HABITAT SETUP  Hamster Maze
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCJD-PhjYrk

Taking My Hamster Outside  Hamster Playing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92mvTgSDkp0

TALKING CAT  MY FAT CAT MAX
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSVZknRnj6k

TAMING MY HAMSTER!  How I Tame a Hamster  Hamster Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twn6I12UzzA

TAMING MY NEW HAMSTER  Unboxing Hamster Wheel & Book Haul  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VbWmxS2Lic

TAMING MY NEW HAMSTER 2  FOLLOW ME AROUND & STOCKING STUFFERS  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gY2SNePhsIE

TERRARIUM CAGE PLANS  Fiddler Crabs, Hermit Crabs or Plant Garden!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNywxP0V-DQ

The Guinea Pigs Cage Tour -May 2014 (old)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwzbP727z4U

THINGS YOU CAN DO WITH A HAMSTER!  Small Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNV3PRPpF9o

TIMMY Updates  Syrian Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWygj6Ui61U

Timmy's HAMSTER Cage Tour  January 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLnVY_h_drw

Timmy's Hamster Cage Tour  June 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeQhYM9MDVA

Timmy's SPRING Hamster Cage Tour  April 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jH--lK_6dYI

Timmy's VALENTINE'S DAY Hamster Cage Tour  February 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ST5KUzqPU_M

TINY HAMSTER EATING HER TINY DINNER  Safe Hamster Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsvpkN3mP8o

TINYHAMSTERPAWS UNBOXING  Small Animal Monthly Subscription Box  Pet Supplies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uu0YTWSL85E

UNBOXING MY HAMSTERS NEW HABITRAIL OVO!  Dwarf Hamster Habitat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygTilP42hyw

UNBOXING MY NEW PACMAN FROG  BABY PACMAN FROG EATING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnqXE2Q-jnE

UNBOXING SURPRISE HAMSTER SUPPLY PACKAGES!  ??MY DREAMS CAME TRUE??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2z8K7mCuc8

UNBOXING VEGAN,ORGANIC BEAUTY PRODUCTS WITH MY HAMSTER!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0qBttH1CnI

UNICORN HAMSTER CAGE!  Hamster Cage Tour! ????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WW1Bbg0Q0ss

UNSAFE Hamster Foods!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sR5WWsEjIo

UPDATE VLOG (Q & A CLOSED!!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYp6J7_VHHk

Update Vlog + Mini Petco Haul (Hamster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxzy-RFe028

USEFUL TIPS ON WHEN TO CLEAN A HAMSTER CAGE  Hamster Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1MVv6DDCTU

Veggie Time with the Piggies ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJy7s2PCObc

Vinny's Hamster Cage Tour! June 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9q5hoTIA3g

Vinny's Hamster Cage Tour! September 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NdASj5cEMg

VIOVET PET Hamster Haul  March 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnrHhMXmj68

VIOVET Pet Haul! (Hamster,Guinea Pig)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqWYLvwSp0o

VIOVET PET SUPPLY HAUL  Hamster Treats & Toys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Miqji_K9MRY

Vitakraft Vitasmart Hamster food REVIEW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gU-a120L8fo

VLOG  HAMSTER & PREPARING FOR A NEW PET  February 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHKB3kK9Lzw

VLOG April 2015  Hamster,Guinea Pigs & More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2IO5hzJby0

VLOG December 2014  Hamster + Adoption  Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SPoKBwvnhY

VLOG February 2015  Updates & Hamsters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1CXA1II6Cw

VLOG November 2014  Hamster Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CXZS3KGv9M

Watch My Hamster Play And Eat! ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfM1yVXL1TA

WE LOST MY HAMSTER ??  Goodnight Mochi ??  September 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLk1tztjuNE

WELCOME Bruno & Lemon  Guinea Pigs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bruJzissfPU

What happened to my Guinea Pigs  DON'T DO WHAT I DID  My divorce  STORYTIME
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDFhj7CH_Bg

WHAT THE PETS AND I GOT FOR CHRISTMAS 2017 HAUL!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbeIYsrs4aM

WHERE TO BUY HAMSTER SUPPLIES, TOYS AND TREATS!  HAMSTER SUPPLIES SHOPPING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYc_-_8jOZs

WHICH NEW PETS AM I GETTING!  HAMSTER CAGE SPOT CLEANING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohYWwUIxisI

WHY I LOVE HAMSTERS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHyKiAe6_BM

WIZARDS IN THE SIMS!  The Sims 4 Gameplay #2  HammyLux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKZOjG_GCok

WRAPPING PRESENTS WITH MY HAMSTER  FOLLOW ME AROUND THE TOY STORE  Vlogmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onT9A6kgdE8

Yoki Updates! (Syrian Hamster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyaQqXNvA_A

[DIY] How I made my Hamster BIN CAGES!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hueoPvb9_M4

[DIY] Spring Carrot and Oats Hamster Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJ4HwSD-BzU

?My Hamsters' Favorite Chews?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVZeFfvISWE
HammyLux - Videos