
Brandon Marx  (Jesse Marx on Drums)- Ordinary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiJGnRB45h8

Brandon Marx - Album Promo (Teaser)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZOSSpjwx18

Car Songs - Break My Heart Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bj9j7iRBQak

Daisy Fuentes and Richard Marx-Tequila Talk 4220
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeU51gHdNYk

Duo - Always On Your Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKekjbVvO24

DUO - Richard Marx and Matt Scannell Vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-p32zmzv-aU

FAITH IN HUMANITY-Why We Need It Now More Than Ever-Holiday 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZe45QgzXFc

From Vegas to India Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_lGMIw9z1A

From Vegas to India Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZikzPIjRHo

Fuckin' Perfect Vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82Gx_jNifNI

Happy Birthday Ringo Starr!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kindart9sak

Katy PerryRichard Marx Mashup - The One That Got Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-kcADaxeWA

Living Room Sessions Front Row Seat featuring Matt Scannell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LVZ-RHevfM

Living Room Sessions “Should’ve Known Better”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41K04NkG2Ac

Marx Brother's Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2s9NB2w09ak

Marx Brothers - Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XNOxdtLb_8

Marx Moment Why I Follow A Vegan Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PO_EB4lExiM

Ocean City Rehearsals with Orchestra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQHFKf-iO_M

Richard Marx & Keith Urban - Don't Mean Nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiGR-KYHibA

Richard Marx + Brian Koppleman - Social Distancing, Episode 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcGJzQbOlFQ

Richard Marx + Charlotte Clymer -  Social Distancing, Episode 7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EthXu_6qIU0

Richard Marx + Chely Wright -  Social Distancing, Episode 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5df09_80mI

Richard Marx + Christopher Titus - Social Distancing, Episode 17
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7ZKxutnxMs

Richard Marx + David Copperfield - Social Distancing, Episode 16
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k95Jt7jAIm4

Richard Marx + Dr. Robert Huizenga - Social Distancing, Episode 13
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4_2TQ_-dvU8

Richard Marx + Duff McKagan - #SocialDistancing Episode 14
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrzkOXLHpak

Richard Marx + Greg Proops -  Social Distancing, Episode 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEJlJOhPHCc

Richard Marx + Hal Sparks -  Social Distancing, Episode 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7Kdi25Zuto

Richard Marx + J-L Cauvin - Social Distancing, Episode 15
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atGt_E9oNTM

Richard Marx + Jane Lynch -  Social Distancing, Episode 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzlFXp620NY

Richard Marx + Katie Couric - Social Distancing, Episode 8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evtOLqHONy0

Richard Marx + Kenny G -  Social Distancing, Episode 9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TQ7cR-RdnQ

Richard Marx + Kenny Loggins - Social Distancing Episode, 18
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsqPiLSyW-Q

Richard Marx + Laura Benanti - Social Distancing, Episode 12
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4g7n1BgErY

Richard Marx + Matt Nathanson - Social Distancing Episode, 20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZ5hN0luOYI

Richard Marx + Matt Scannell - Social Distancing, Episode 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eh2ED3ubLEY

Richard Marx + Olivia Newton-John - Social Distancing Episode, 21
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxKbJqdr6CM

Richard Marx + Paul Stanley - Social Distancing Episode, 19
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxPeXY2P35E

Richard Marx + Rex Chapman -Social Distancing, Episode 23
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ke83owLb1RE

Richard Marx + Rick Springfield - Social Distancing, Episode 11
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2v0EqjqMvbw

Richard Marx + Steve Madden - Social Distancing, Episode 24
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dh-2RKrxYns

Richard Marx + Steven Weber - Social Distancing Episode 22
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-d9KQ-4iqo

Richard Marx + Tommy Sadowski -  Social Distancing, Episode 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUstboyFsNE

Richard Marx -  Don't Mean Nothing Video Commentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Ymb3PBsvk8

Richard Marx -  Special Guests on Christmas Spirit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZz1tSFqas8

Richard Marx -  VLOG - July 2, 2011
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6P303_Ja5v4

Richard Marx -  When Love Is All You've Got (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YEORHC-kLeo

Richard Marx -  Win Richard Marx's iPad 2!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=br2mmGESsHU

Richard Marx - 100,000 Followers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Hys6v7jX_o

Richard Marx - 2012 Part I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnh_v3Zm-a0

Richard Marx - 2012 Part II
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhznJOGLIks

Richard Marx - A Night Out With Friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAU2fk1XQ5A

Richard Marx - Aladdin Theater Portland, OR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcYw7IoQpeY

Richard Marx - All Along (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3hdNmokMp4

Richard Marx - Always On Your Mind Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTAI4QEAv_0

Richard Marx - Angelia (Living Room Sessions)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8JYxFhcjys

Richard Marx - Angelia Live (1083213)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QP_VCAIHKAU

Richard Marx - Angelia Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQRu3Ys7lkI

Richard Marx - Angelia The Video Behind The Scenes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGm4GeXNQ6M

Richard Marx - Another One Down (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5tzHOYdhoo

Richard Marx - Ask Richard Direct from Moscow II
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urW10Qbnigo

Richard Marx - Ask Richard Marx - February 3, 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIXPM8-zJmc

Richard Marx - Auto-SaraBareilles-Karaoke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPWPivOoO-E

Richard Marx - Beachin' Episode 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTL2XHM-nlk

Richard Marx - Beachin', Episode 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiabxgCyiqg

Richard Marx - Beachin', Episode 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sXoPzbTJ20

Richard Marx - Beachin', Episode 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5yjsB-nICM

Richard Marx - Beachin', Episode 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XojZEkukSI

Richard Marx - Beachin', Episode 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjoZjMzPjao

Richard Marx - Beachin', Episode 7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YzUJ1Zd0UY

Richard Marx - Beachin', Episode 8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5PqHb6SSVs

Richard Marx - Beautiful Goodbye (Commentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePy90_kFVBc

Richard Marx - Beautiful Goodbye (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vA1T5sovve8

Richard Marx - Beautiful Goodbye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U668KkfraMI

Richard Marx - Better Life (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzqMxpSEeHg

Richard Marx - Break My Heart Tonight (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8qUzfuqL34

Richard Marx - Chains Around My Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsVQ1zCfDpM

Richard Marx - Christmas Mornings Vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXWnC-ekCTo

Richard Marx - Christmas Mornings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ypwtqjGq48

Richard Marx - Christmas Spirit (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PSzloLEhVA

Richard Marx - Christmas Spirit Medley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dinqxt9tN84

Richard Marx - Christmas Spirit Old School
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kPIf31ZGy4

Richard Marx - Cranking the new LifehouseNatasha Bedingfield Track
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06cLmIb0PV8

Richard Marx - Crawling Back to You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXO6bJhHuXE

Richard Marx - Dance With My Father (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzra_wsLv2g

Richard Marx - Don't Mean Nothing Live (1532535)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmCZmfyir2Y

Richard Marx - Don't Mean Nothing Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqF3DzZvszI

Richard Marx - Don't Mean Nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpVSdauP6Ks

Richard Marx - Driving In Philly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8_lpUsC1Y8

Richard Marx - Driving to Memphis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOA5VkL6YI8

Richard Marx - Endless Summer Nights (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozEyNEiVe1Y

Richard Marx - Endless Summer Nights (Living Room Sessions)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y83o_nn3J1M

Richard Marx - Endless Summer Nights (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NvsMKYgCsM

Richard Marx - Endless Summer Nights Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMC5kWPrL6U

Richard Marx - Everybody Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fiNSdzJh2s

Richard Marx - Flame of Love Video Commentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFLpvKQ4NW8

Richard Marx - Forgot To Remember (Commentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w450GIx8Ogc

Richard Marx - Front Row Seat (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZbIgfoJ6yM

Richard Marx - Front Row Seat (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4CRRt51s2o

Richard Marx - Getaway (Commentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmOs6S99H-w

Richard Marx - Hanging Out in Kansas With Some Friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nd3kIyjSnAw

Richard Marx - Happy 4th of July
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ri34Xo7XTb4

Richard Marx - Happy Labour Day 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MblfN55MmVE

Richard Marx - Happy New Year Old Friend (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6pRJOOUeBk

Richard Marx - Happy Thanksgiving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IEqk5H_3L0

Richard Marx - Have A Little Faith (Commentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ov-GNISPx6s

Richard Marx - Have Mercy Live 1988
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOV4cKul2N4

Richard Marx - Have Mercy Video Commentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4e74BxbmFQ

Richard Marx - Hazard (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZAY_Pww4j8

Richard Marx - Hazard (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdmHHoI9beM

Richard Marx - Hazard Live (1521870)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ANUvpsylik

Richard Marx - Hazard Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsWfhfu70M0

Richard Marx - Heaven Only Knows Video Commentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Q6h5DaezsU

Richard Marx - Hello From London
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_K8ZUIr87Q

Richard Marx - Hold On to the Nights Video Commentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZblKol5XMo

Richard Marx - Hold On To The Nights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBmNTLxclXE

Richard Marx - Holiday (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTkjX7gcNHA

Richard Marx - Huntingdon, TN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOibX_-UjIE

Richard Marx - I Wanna Be Free (Cover) - Davy Jones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZ5Mx0AH0OI

Richard Marx - In Nashville Writing With Jillian Jacqueline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08ekguk3Yu4

Richard Marx - In NYC for the Friars' Club Roast of Jack Black
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jJvA7r2CNs

Richard Marx - In the Studio with Jillian Jacqueline (1422514)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyylUoiWegU

Richard Marx - In the studio with Jillian Jacqueline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sydl70mI5XQ

Richard Marx - In the Studio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CInERr14_CA

Richard Marx - Inside (Commentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AVMtDGs9kY

Richard Marx - Joe Walsh and Richard Marx Perform Don't Mean Nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yX85vpkYcI

Richard Marx - Just Go Lyric Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBWt6uKo-sE

Richard Marx - Just Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WC0vM4obVcA

Richard Marx - Keep Coming Back (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6GgpUU5j7s

Richard Marx - Keith Urban talks Long Hot Summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MhL8Tjvw-U

Richard Marx - Last Thing I Wanted (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkYvL3YVtDk

Richard Marx - Last Thing I Wanted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84oGOzwZzx8

Richard Marx - Let Go (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPWGlzfukJw

Richard Marx - Let Go Interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kK0RFhUo7c

Richard Marx - Like The World Is Ending (Commentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TtEFqo3LI0

Richard Marx - Limitless (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDbzOQLDfxQ

Richard Marx - Limitless Hits Live (Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nq761yNVBSA

Richard Marx - Limitless Interview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6SQBeYeRSU

Richard Marx - Lonely Heart Video Commentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbPfdR82W5U

Richard Marx - Love Affair That Lasts Forever (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBjDTg0_NpA

Richard Marx - Making Limitless Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYy9hV4Bo1s

Richard Marx - Making Limitless Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-BPm6PdZ_U

Richard Marx - Making Limitless Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5hM-uiaImg

Richard Marx - Making the Video for Wouldn't Let Me Love You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MhFDy4i-9A

Richard Marx - Matt Walker Singing With Richard Marx
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx-99hOgqjo

Richard Marx - Merry Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx5UpYe3llQ

Richard Marx - New York City VLOG June 2011
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DN8tAOdUYBY

Richard Marx - Not In Love (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNboetEjXg8

Richard Marx - Now & Forever (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OeDiK2uy3DU

Richard Marx - Now and Forever (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvaSmDUfzKI

Richard Marx - Now and Forever Live at the Highline Ballroom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPVvYCQLYQo

Richard Marx - O Come All Ye Faithful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Abfln3FO50k

Richard Marx - On The Road With Vertical Horizon Summer 2013
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SgwyXDUQls

Richard Marx - On the Road with Vertical Horizon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1BzJXA2-Dk

Richard Marx - One That Got Away By Katy Perry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y10PlMviswg

Richard Marx - One Thing Left Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKUt0EGiED8

Richard Marx - One Thing Left To Do (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUV6yM1gyQA

Richard Marx - Pet Peeves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BLS1UKYdyc

Richard Marx - Promo Reel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEHroXYvlcc

Richard Marx - Psyched to Play Tokyo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzS65kRuexI

Richard Marx - Radar's Opinion of Drums
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOPj1wpzEFg

Richard Marx - Ready to Fly (1278546)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dxz9QkysEg

Richard Marx - Ready to Fly (Living Room Sessions)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsMPKh7rMfU

Richard Marx - Ready to Fly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7GkOWzhP3io

Richard Marx - Remember Manhattan Video Commentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwGFG57ZKGM

Richard Marx - Rhythm of Life Video Commentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JL5BIfMonZU

Richard Marx - Riding With Luke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dC-ecS_25w4

Richard Marx - Right Here Waiting (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_E2EHVxNAE

Richard Marx - Right Here Waiting Live (1537420)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3-8TVK_D-I

Richard Marx - Right Here Waiting Live (1682012)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKAnjYdP2jQ

Richard Marx - Right Here Waiting Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_yTPLL2iv8

Richard Marx - Rita Hayworth Gala Rehearsal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4nR1PRPY9o

Richard Marx - Rock Wit You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyXV8nMU468

Richard Marx - Satisfied (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Fxk2ST4Shs

Richard Marx - Satisfied (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sOjdusDUzE

Richard Marx - Save Me (live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ls271BM4qXs

Richard Marx - Session in Nashville
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgj4cyo9xsU

Richard Marx - Should've Known Better (Living Room Sessions)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1n8QyuNVn0

Richard Marx - Should've Known Better (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpKxH2dDqEM

Richard Marx - Should've Known Better Limitless Hits Live Clip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3b5CqIFv8ZY

Richard Marx - Should've Known Better Live (1585621)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CskOoeSCFxY

Richard Marx - Should've Known Better Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9EBiNUaSVY

Richard Marx - Silent Scream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mg57bND2brw

Richard Marx - Soundcheck with Vertical Horizon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bt4TaoD_KB8

Richard Marx - Stories To Tell A Memoir
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pE_yEGgXm64

Richard Marx - Stories To Tell Album Preview - Disc 1 (Side A)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVVIYYp-A7c

Richard Marx - Stories To Tell Memoir (Book Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oep8VCdAaAQ

Richard Marx - Strong Enough featuring Jana Kramer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEYtFzFy_UY

Richard Marx - Studio Update 112713
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwRSeb2n2AA

Richard Marx - Suddenly (Commentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjQPEUxYgLU

Richard Marx - Take It To The Limit (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xu8g3NTfpTs

Richard Marx - Take This Heart (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvWmhvQoHp4

Richard Marx - Take This Heart (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRxzRREw8Dk

Richard Marx - Take This Heart (Original Ending)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAlDIEt6-qM

Richard Marx - Take This Heart Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyFdmG5sj1c

Richard Marx - Thank You Columbus, OH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIY38F2G_gA

Richard Marx - Thank You Palm Springs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqOyWknLPXU

Richard Marx - Thank You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wd1SC_yy6BM

Richard Marx - Thanks to All 500K Facebook Fans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-X8jPCDI2Q

Richard Marx - Thanks To You - In Honor of Mother's Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFCbaXkgNbA

Richard Marx - The Best of Me (Live in London)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-sSIAFGmqE

Richard Marx - The Christmas Song EPK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E90d_Wi-nyc

Richard Marx - The Letter (Live with Hugh Jackman)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxf9w_j7yYc

Richard Marx - The Little Drummer Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOBbT9AA2xE

Richard Marx - The Marx Brothers Christmas 2011
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eARyQtHEAGI

Richard Marx - The Origins of Christmas Spirit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpkVKRvC9eE

Richard Marx - The Way She Loves Me Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCbSRQWlDA4

Richard Marx - The Way She Loves Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOgzKSt5zk4

Richard Marx - This One (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-exz1_BOUY

Richard Marx - Through My Veins (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwG4svsSIec

Richard Marx - Through My Veins Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXWUruzX5Gw

Richard Marx - To My Senses (Commentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv4DIHG1yD0

Richard Marx - To Where You Are Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCh3tYV7Bew

Richard Marx - Tom Bukovac Recording Jillian Jacqueline's Debut CD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-KO9Ehx0FI

Richard Marx - Too Late To Say Goodbye (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_nR_-7DYQI

Richard Marx - Turn Off The Night (Commentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQ6u3svYl9Y

Richard Marx - Turn Off The Night Vocal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nrb590GvBgw

Richard Marx - Up All Night (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kq-r7Cb4w6o

Richard Marx - UStream Concert Intro - Moshe Kasher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0emyuxQTdE

Richard Marx - Video Blog, Episode 2, August 19, 2007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MKanh8gWdw

Richard Marx - VLOG - January 2, 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qohvv4n0t6E

Richard Marx - VLOG - Love from London - May 2011
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUsRiYevpwg

Richard Marx - Vlog July 16 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9nZ_hwIckQ

Richard Marx - Warren Brothers and Richard Marx Writing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBkihy4XttE

Richard Marx - Whatever We Started (Commentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9bfilGX3c8

Richard Marx - Whatever We Started (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEodnmAosSE

Richard Marx - When You Loved Me (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Wfz0OvJehc

Richard Marx - When You Loved Me - Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pswzsRALths

Richard Marx - When You're Gone - Living Room Sessions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgmIjKxBbVM

Richard Marx - When You're Gone Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvKboBtCyAQ

Richard Marx - When You're Gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uu32iWJBNqk

Richard Marx - White Christmas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqhodKsKJlM

Richard Marx - Windy City Live - August 8, 2011
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPTCaJp6_I4

Richard Marx - With Michael Rosenbaum On The Set Of Old Days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks_qr9TIhqI

Richard Marx - Working On New Stuff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmApHAc2qMU

Richard Marx - Wouldn't Let Me Love You - Lyrics Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVUmZTJJ_UQ

Richard Marx - Writing Demo of Electrical
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm_sdnPYCpw

Richard Marx - “Last Thing I Wanted”
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dm5hnojJnfw

Richard Marx -Endless Summer Nights Video Commentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4M7MoQDtsg

Richard Marx and George Canyon - When Love is All You've Got
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRd-j-F4GGk

Richard Marx and Justin Tranter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4o90Kql6uM

Richard Marx and Matt Scannell - We Are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTTa6LhpOOQ

Richard Marx and Matt Scannell - You're A God Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMfg7T-QNEA

Richard Marx and Sara Niemietz - Santa Claus Is Coming to Town
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bg9XUUjcyeY

Richard Marx Beautiful Goodbye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeEa_ilY7TI

Richard Marx in a Polaroid commercial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UI2D4lfW9DQ

Richard Marx Sizzle Reel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mz0HKiVDJyM

Richard Marx Tour - Asia Part Two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9-ENvPpq4w

Richard Marx — “Up All Night” (Living Room Sessions)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbKouw_6O-U

Right Here Waiting — 30th Anniversary of Repeat Offender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2zeudxXjuU

Should've Known Better Video Commentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hq3VlSG5ODY

Stories To Tell - Mother's Day Commercial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o79WhK42LVg

Tequila Talk with Daisy Fuentes and Richard Marx
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmLXI_2TXeM

Tequila Talk- Clip 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAJvdKuCAqs

Tequila Talk- Clip 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGJhamOXw1w

Tequila Talk-Clip 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzenOJAgUSU

Thanks To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1HgM4EOZxe0

Video Blog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80WajxTx3Cc

When You Loved Me - Lyric Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntQU8h7fC1I

‘RICHARD MARX — FRONT ROW SEAT LIVE AT YOUR HOUSE’
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOdaIEOcLyM
Richard Marx