
5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Beauty Edition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHNja9aIXNg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Home Decor Edition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkpFYvg7bvk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Quarantine Edition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCEEplSRsd4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqiZzRp4f2Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Attempting to Decorate Gingerbreads with Tiny Hands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgkLu29IKv4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Dollar Store Drag Queen Transformation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCx1UON4Z04&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Drunk Painting My Nike Sneakers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-7CSqZUci4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Drunk Thanksgiving Leftovers Mukbang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rl6ZfYJ2bI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Drunk vs. High Trivia (with Brittany Broski).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9t4tEV43NQQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Dyeing a Designer Sweater a Different Color.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnBEyhx19yk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Dyeing My Hair for Halloween (trauma involved).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z9SaqXNCBI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Dyeing My Hair Leopard Print.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1COWMxgjY8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Dyeing My Hair the Louis Vuitton Pattern.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO7u0Te9uxQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Dyeing My Hair Tie Dye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFxJmeMYgZw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Dyeing My Hair Tiger Print.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_xkexC0c_k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Dyeing My Hair to Match the Sky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EVvLUlG0hI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Filling the Mold of My Face (Insane Face Casting).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCkkj8JXnhk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Following a Bob Ross Tutorial (but on my iPad).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xd2DztjO4EU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Following a Bob Ross Tutorial (but ONLY the audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RzUIR1AIJg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Following Jenna Marbles Follow a Bob Ross Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRkhV_AyA-Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Giving My Friend's Dog a Haircut.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIxY-iosNs4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Giving My Wigs a Spa Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_J3tQ28VXY4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Bought Everything from Seth Rogen's Weed Line.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lm3FaE34NlQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Did a Full Face of Makeup on My Face Mold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REiMC5NI9mY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Dyed My Hair Burberry Plaid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdFe5smLt_s&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Gave Myself Acrylic Toenails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alKMvamvr7w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Got High and Read Florida News.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHbyPWaiiIs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Have a New Roommate....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cC5zXB7x5A&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Let a Stranger Buy Me Whatever They Wanted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ID9OfX4qpRk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Let Claudia Sulewski Dye My Hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSu4UiqeXDc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Let My Followers Pick My Hair Color.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmGhdOu0SOU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Let My Postmate Pick Our Food Mukbang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLTZ0IWeVog&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Made a Mold of My Face (RIP Eyebrows).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ega51e2cHsY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Made a Mold of My Hand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdefDfDVeGY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Made Buddy the Elf's Spaghetti and Tried It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVVWy5oF7Ys&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Made Platform Nike Air Force 1's.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlQoqqh8PGc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Made Rollerblades Out of Hot Wheels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VaSLc98UNY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Made the $5,000 Crystal Nikes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzYKNhj8co4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Played What's In the Box (with Carly and Erin).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ6CdvCxgMI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Tried Making That IKEA Bucket Hat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1A136ChNbE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Tried Making That Viral Cloud Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIptSmGnj_M&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Tried Making the Bendy Candles from TikTok.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKI2LFhl7pw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Tried the TikTok Dog Painting Trend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylg37D3D3j8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Tried Those Earwax Candles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP5tm6SP464&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

I Turned My Head Into a Pumpkin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a9dBGKoLcU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Interviewing Strangers on Xbox Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VH0SiNp_XI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Making a Pair of $850 Platform Crocs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyHpJBTdRjw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Making My Own Balenciaga Shoes (the ones that look like socks).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9s3-peqUdOQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Making That Awful Viral Twitter DIY Flip Flop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNpMI0MTGEM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Making the TikTok Chipotle Crunchwrap Supreme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsp404cuPy0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Me Drunk vs. Me High.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcqWZPmYXgM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

My 10,000 Calorie Birthday Mukbang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEV8O8STFbg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

My Mom Dyed My Hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZmTb7KzM94&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Only Food Left at My Grocery Store Mukbang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwHPr5X0PqE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Playing Among Us for the First Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJU8cIpzg58&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Prank Calling Weird Craigslist Ads.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4scvM2Smdc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Ranking My Lookalikes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCkvvC7bPJU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Roasting Celebrity Quarantine Outfits (BRUTALLY HONEST).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ow8SJwocs8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Roasting Outfits from the 2020 AMA's Red Carpet (YIKES).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKS6qmdGVz4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Roommates Play Truth or Drink (very messy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jriwfShPLtM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Things I've Never Bought from Trader Joes Mukbang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHsPJR4v2Qg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Trying Every Hot Sauce at My Grocery Store.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLC0AQ2RnK8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Trying Sushi for the First Time with Elle Mills.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mG02CWLhkHc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Trying Weird Viral TikTok Food Hacks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcRq_XPNB6o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Turning My Head Into the Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEUWcuJx92g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHmpAcc91k4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG

Watching TikTok for the First Time....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTbdgk0RXdY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nTmIRMYAR2ypZ4aCoQQdPIG
AT THE TABLE  Chris Klemens