
4-3-2015 Audio Diary The Ancient Hebrews, Annunaki & Lemba Correlation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfb9O8qCSrc&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Adam Was The First White Man. Blacks and Asians were created before Adam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMQVLkZ1at0&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Alien Races - Annunaki Hybrid DNA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDLmqfAZ2C0&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

ALL Original Slaves were WHITE - 100`%
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9E0Wj_vMRU&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Ancient Myth Untangled Who Were The Annunaki Where Did They Come From THE TRUTH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxQaX5rtjoM&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Annunaki ...who are they
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrALbw0wJKA&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

ANNUNAKI CONNECTION TO THE BLACK RACE PT2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oC8Nk96fS0U&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

ANNUNAKI CONNECTION TO THE BLACK RACE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1KWp0Zdahg&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

ANNUNAKI NEPHILIM PALE BLUE EYED GIANTS WERE ELITE ROYAL BLOODLINE OF THE AZTECS EGYPTIAN KING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgB6KePkByo&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Anunnaki  Full Ancient Humans Alien Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQuP82c6jW0&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Anunnaki - Dont Watch this Film
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJJjOKmwl6s&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

ANUNNAKI = The Shining Ones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NXWil1lBlQ&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Anunnaki And The Native American Indian Connection Is Being Shared With The Larger Non-Native World!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CW1LYIGFOTI&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

ANUNNAKI CONNECTION TO THE BLACK RACE PART 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkGelUITY18&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

ANUNNAKI GOLD OF THE PINE CONE GODS STAR FIRE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CREGp25ApNo&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Anunnaki Royals found in a sleeping stasis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R1SGyUSMLW0&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Awakening - Annunaki and Ancient, Hidden Technology, Mind Control, Ubuntu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovJ0SzIl-k4&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Aztec Mythology Creation Story Explained in Animation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIxT-1dN33A&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Battle of the AnunnakiPleiadian Gods by Andrew Sinclair - (AUDIOBOOK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCMoFK8llDI&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Black (Ethiopian-Hebrew) JESUS & Black Mary MADONNA Revealed_NEW.mp4 (1964925)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ug-zWp55Sv4&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Black (Ethiopian-Hebrew) JESUS & Black Mary MADONNA Revealed_NEW.mp4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ug-zWp55Sv4&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Black Extraterrestrials (Melanin-Dominant Beings)......... (1082915)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIlEw2Ung6Q&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Black Extraterrestrials (Melanin-Dominant Beings).........
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIlEw2Ung6Q&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Cloak Of The Illuminati Stargate Secrets Of The Ancient Anunnaki Part 1 ~ William Henry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fr7jeTkB0Lk&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Dogon Kanaga, Sirius, & 666 Deciphered. Divine Cosmology 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkldtQSE68I&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

ENGINEERS ANUNNAKI THEORY EXPLAINED PARADISE HIGHER BEINGS ALIEN COVENANT PROMETHEUS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ64SUmN08Q&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Enki's Laboratory, Rh-negative Blood, How to De-Bunk a De-Bunker, and Christian UFO Book Scam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuGkHeKKHdc&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Enoch's visit to Hell ??  The Book of Enoch 17 - 25
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU-SVnx7XIA&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Gold monoatomic gold Annunaki returns Ufo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CeNQbejexw&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

How Caucasian People Were Created
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QZUUY7LzZk&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

How to make copper (I) oxide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLy8iVLvoRk&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Human Slaves of the Anunnaki Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBYgokTd-GE&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Iroquois Indian Connection To Star Visitors And The Formation Of America!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYG3MflgnaQ&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Ishtar Shrieked... (Enoch13 by ~GOD~)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdBr2TusaPE&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Kenneth Sutton Anunnaki and The Mystery of The Olmec
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFVJb90xsgg&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

LEXXTEX 314  - HISTROY AND DESTRUCTION OF ATLANTIS  REVEALED  BY MICHAEL TSARION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeGxqDCTeL0&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

MAYANS, ANNUNAKI AND HOPI INDIANS CONNECTION 2012!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfF74mOwC0c&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

MELANATED people please wake up(no captions pt.1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f966-oGe2ns&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

MELANIN and The Black Truth Of Racism of People of Color Part 1.1 (1093767)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyWSfpe2QT4&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

MELANIN and The Black Truth Of Racism of People of Color Part 1.1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyWSfpe2QT4&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Michael Tellinger Slave Species of the Gods The Secret History of the Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9O0gG6tRRVE&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Milab, Anunnaki, Voodoo and the Time Loop - Max Spiers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5TSm2mWlbo&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

NASA - Evidence of Alien Life, Anunnaki from TRAPPIST-1, Comparing Sumerian Tablets & Science
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVtTjHJTHzU&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Native American Knowledge of God and Creation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOIkOKkL1BE&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

NECRONOMICON ANUNAKI STAR GATE to the OUTSIDE TIME-SPACE THRESHOLD - Mardukite Ministries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0t8h0euhIM&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Nephilim TRUE STORY of Satan, Fallen Angels, Giants, Aliens, Hybrids, Elongated Skulls & Nephilim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zz8_MxcnzY&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Nibiru   Anunnaki   Reptilians   The Secret Alien Race War   Warning! Graphic Evidence 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oljHRiWiLGg&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

OLMEC HEADS DECODED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QukC-JVrkQ4&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

PROPHECY ALERT NIBIRU AND THE END TIME EVENT!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SG8wkgYtVYs&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Robert Stanley - The Man Who Met Enki & Lives to Tell About it!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ewz6btosHo&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Sahalé - Monolink - Armen Miran - Pandhora - Zuma Dionys ? Ethnic Deep House (Electro Junkiee Mix)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqsqDtiwMUI&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

SECRET VIDEO, THE VATICAN DOESN'T WANT BLACK PEOPLE TO WATCH !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZQ21nz5ims&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

SitchenOlmecsAfricans,Created MayanOlmec Calander,Helped by Annunaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVp-80j-vww&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Stasis and Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SG3jp0tsE-I&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

The Annunaki are not the Nephilim or the Fallen Angels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngJ-H7fjsAk&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

The Anunnaki Made Humans Reptilian Alien Hybrids Proof RH Negative Blood Type
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9VIrlRbO_I&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

The Anunnaki Series S1E7   Legacy of Quetzalcoatl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAUdXZooItI&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

THE ANUNNAKI,  THE SUMARA-MIKOTO and THE ORIGINS of MAN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sgj696EByzs&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

The Anunnaki, African Gold, Collapse of the Petro-Dollar, and Ebola Crisis!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-v9cNuDPBY&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

The Best Nibiru Documentary 2017   All stop watching immediately 2017 Please Share
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-YJOIqYoiQ&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

The Brotherhood of the snake - year of the snake conspiracy 2013 - annunaki - illuminati - reptilian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAnd4S6TkGc&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

the Epic of Gilgamesh (by ~GOD~) Ishtar and the Bull of Heaven (Book 6)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZKhUiWSo_g&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

the Epic of Gilgamesh (by ~GOD~) Surpassing All Kings... (Book 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxCFe6jbqNs&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

The Epic of Gilgamesh Full Book
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kde-P_jffqk&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

The Fourth Root Race The Atlanteans and the Lost City of Atlantis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jqNLcS0gaM&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

The Nephilim In The Ohio Valley! - AnunnakiHuman Hybrids in Ancient North American Indian Tribes!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPX6qg4zZRI&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

THE PINE CONE CONSPIRACY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaUQzX6mqjs&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

The Truth about The Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hvEBCctEjc&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

The White Alien God of the Mesoamericans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCaE8LELfNU&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Visit to Antarctica Confirms Discovery of Flash Frozen Alien Civilization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MTe4MfupFo&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

We Are All Black - Geneticist Bryan Sykes (1690972)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jTAueCy4O0&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

We Are All Black - Geneticist Bryan Sykes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jTAueCy4O0&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

WHERE DID WHITE PEOPLE COME FROM_ Vol 1(11- 25).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoLVJtDjKis&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi

Zecharia Sitchin   Sumerians & The Annunaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3j90IxhKIyo&list=PLQghIuArTdtTgiZVODrpYWGCb4PfaXqXi
Who were the Annunaki