
1.  Aviva Romm - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Aviva_Romm_-_Videos/Aviva_Romm_-_Videos.txt

2.  Barlow Herbal - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Barlow_Herbal_-_Videos/Barlow_Herbal_-_Videos.txt

3.  Bowl of Herbs - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Bowl_of_Herbs_-_Videos/Bowl_of_Herbs_-_Videos.txt

4.  Cat the HerbalPrepper - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Cat_the_HerbalPrepper_-_Videos/Cat_the_HerbalPrepper_-_Videos.txt

5.  Christopher Carlow - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Christopher_Carlow_-_Videos/Christopher_Carlow_-_Videos.txt

6.  CommonWealth Herbs - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/CommonWealth_Herbs_-_Videos/CommonWealth_Herbs_-_Videos.txt

7.  Complete Herbal Guide Health & Natural Healing - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Complete_Herbal_Guide_Health_&_Natural_Healing_-_Videos/Complete_Herbal_Guide_Health_&_Natural_Healing_-_Videos.txt

8.  Essentially Alkaline - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Essentially_Alkaline_-_Videos/Essentially_Alkaline_-_Videos.txt

9.  Gaia Herbs - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Gaia_Herbs_-_Videos/Gaia_Herbs_-_Videos.txt

10.  Gustavo Home Remedies - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Gustavo_Home_Remedies_-_Videos/Gustavo_Home_Remedies_-_Videos.txt

11.  Healthy PeopleToo - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Healthy_PeopleToo_-_Videos/Healthy_PeopleToo_-_Videos.txt

12.  Herbal Academy - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Herbal_Academy_-_Videos/Herbal_Academy_-_Videos.txt

13.  Herbal Beauty Tips - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Herbal_Beauty_Tips_-_Videos/Herbal_Beauty_Tips_-_Videos.txt

14.  HERBAL REMEDIES - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/HERBAL_REMEDIES_-_Videos/HERBAL_REMEDIES_-_Videos.txt

15.  Herbal Remedy - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Herbal_Remedy_-_Videos/Herbal_Remedy_-_Videos.txt

16.  HerbalGram - American Botanical Council - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/HerbalGram_-_American_Botanical_Council_-_Videos/HerbalGram_-_American_Botanical_Council_-_Videos.txt

17.  Herbs Medicine - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Herbs_Medicine_-_Videos/Herbs_Medicine_-_Videos.txt

18.  HerbTV - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/HerbTV_-_Videos/HerbTV_-_Videos.txt

19.  HighQuality Organics - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/HighQuality_Organics_-_Videos/HighQuality_Organics_-_Videos.txt

20.  Jill Cloutier - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Jill_Cloutier_-_Videos/Jill_Cloutier_-_Videos.txt

21.  Joel LeBlanc - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Joel_LeBlanc_-_Videos/Joel_LeBlanc_-_Videos.txt

22.  Just Herbs - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Just_Herbs_-_Videos/Just_Herbs_-_Videos.txt

23.  KINGS Herbal Online - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/KINGS_Herbal_Online_-_Videos/KINGS_Herbal_Online_-_Videos.txt

24.  Mountain Rose Herbs - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Mountain_Rose_Herbs_-_Videos/Mountain_Rose_Herbs_-_Videos.txt

25.  New Direction Natural Medicine - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/New_Direction_Natural_Medicine_-_Videos/New_Direction_Natural_Medicine_-_Videos.txt

26.  of the Moon Medicine - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/of_the_Moon_Medicine_-_Videos/of_the_Moon_Medicine_-_Videos.txt

27.  Pukka Herbs - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Pukka_Herbs_-_Videos/Pukka_Herbs_-_Videos.txt

28.  RASTA - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/RASTA_-_Videos/RASTA_-_Videos.txt

29.  School of Evolutionary Herbalism - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/School_of_Evolutionary_Herbalism_-_Videos/School_of_Evolutionary_Herbalism_-_Videos.txt

30.  Siddha Medicine & Natural Remedies - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Siddha_Medicine_&_Natural_Remedies_-_Videos/Siddha_Medicine_&_Natural_Remedies_-_Videos.txt

31.  Sinew Therapeutics - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Sinew_Therapeutics_-_Videos/Sinew_Therapeutics_-_Videos.txt

32.  Sophia The Herbalist - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Sophia_The_Herbalist_-_Videos/Sophia_The_Herbalist_-_Videos.txt

33.  The Botanical Mind - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/The_Botanical_Mind_-_Videos/The_Botanical_Mind_-_Videos.txt

34.  The Herbalist Doug Taylor - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/The_Herbalist_Doug_Taylor_-_Videos/The_Herbalist_Doug_Taylor_-_Videos.txt

35.  The Medical Herbalist Apothecary - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/The_Medical_Herbalist_Apothecary_-_Videos/The_Medical_Herbalist_Apothecary_-_Videos.txt

36.  VitaJing Herbs - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/VitaJing_Herbs_-_Videos/VitaJing_Herbs_-_Videos.txt

37.  wisewomantradition - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/wisewomantradition_-_Videos/wisewomantradition_-_Videos.txt

38.  WOD BALM - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/WOD_BALM_-_Videos/WOD_BALM_-_Videos.txt

39.  Zizia - Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Herbal_Remedies/Zizia_-_Videos/Zizia_-_Videos.txt
Herbal Remedies