
A showdown for the ages - Pan vs Sniper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tdJLr6qy4k&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Always separated from the team - Flanking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16NSPMjDiVU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Ammo - PUBG Logic (handing your teammate a loaded weapon)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kindPEFswmE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Annoying backseat gamer in PUBG - Backseat Gamer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn2CU_axrrQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Annoying friend who streams - Twitch Teammate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npEXGU0EPt8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Applying PUBG gun skins - Paint Job
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VPE8cQ4XGc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Auto - PUBG Logic (remember to switch from single)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVEtHvMvAsY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Auto Matching - PUBG Logic (remember to switch it off)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAnPxrg5kUE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Awesome PUBG peeking strat - Wiggle Sniper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmUSiF9cLzE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Backpack - PUBG Logic (picking up two backpacks is difficult)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFhDXSQl2VM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Bandage - PUBG Logic (how to heal a stomach wound)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eV5BqUOSRjU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Bandaging fixes severe burns in PUBG - Molotov
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gcVwM4BPXs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Bathroom - PUBG Logic (cowering is a legit strategy)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQHlUM36cBk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Before the game properly loads - Weapon Spawn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8T4Zkrw-wI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Best PUBG strategy ever - Whack A Mole
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWbTU1YXdtA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Betrayal - PUBG Logic (reviving team mates and loot drops)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmDsru07bto&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Beware of random gas cans in PUBG - Gas Trap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9wr2WhuQls&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Bush - PUBG Logic (bush or enemy)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4XrGrtP6UI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Camouflage - PUBG Logic (its amazing what you can hide in a bush)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ipp_QlW9vk0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Can one Ghillie save an entire squad - Ghillie Squad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=di-dPNNPUDA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Careful Game - PUBG Logic (when you try play the long game)  Viva La Dirt League
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUou79Imz4o&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Cleaning up after PUBG games - Janitor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06MlMMG5jIc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Confiding in your streamer friend - D&M Stream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcO1IkQKBio&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Costume Jealousy in PUBG - Cosmetics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7sEzggKA44&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Crappy coupons in PUBG - Coupon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDCXsLbv26w&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Crash - PUBG Logic (alpha games are the best)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28VFvxlnKO0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Crazy achievements in PUBG - Achievements
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5ZEe1YzYw0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Dancing for your life in PUBG - Dance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXVhE0pPI7o&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Dealing with bad latency in PUBG sucks - PING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dtJdkuX-xo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Drinking an energy drink while driving in PUBG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_vUrY1MczI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Enemy Contact - PUBG Logic (trying to communicate with teammates)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jc8yteTOuWE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Energy drink healing logic in PUBG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBwpMDaMoOI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

EXCLUSIVE PUBG UPDATE ft. WackyJacky101
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy-KGpZM-P0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Fashion - PUBG Logic (some gear gives you an advantage)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XwnfYzXayE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Female skins in PUBG are way better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYv_yiOHVFI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Fighting for airdrops in Vikendi - Airdrop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DF8hqjWHKcI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Fighting in a freezing blizzard in snow map Vikendi - Blizzard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozK7t7HKLaQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Final Two - PUBG Logic (where the hell could he be!)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4I1ukAbKq4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Finding snow footsteps on Vikendi - The Trap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siHTOye-Ag8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

First Person - PUBG Logic (first person problems)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5isf1Sh0PEk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Flashbang - PUBG Logic (why no one uses flashbangs in player unknowns battlegrounds)  VLDL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-cPbruxVc8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Getting easy kills in PUBG - AFK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMDCRfXyEHU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Getting hit by a slow-moving vehicle in PUBG - The boop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LE2vHnp_viM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Ghillie suits work great indoors. It's true! - Snow Ghillie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqh6ijfkxow&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Giving away your position in PUBG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9JsWOo-Qyk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Giving your teammate a scope can create serious drama - Loan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QL0twatABdU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Greedy teammates hiding scopes from you - Scope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0dIg11YwBY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Grenade physics in PUBG - Physics Bitch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SP10CORoaZ4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Hacker - PUBG Logic (aimbot and wall hax are the worst)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugJ9Ur6Ld64&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Hiding in plain sight - Ghillie Suit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z35MAUXj9RE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Hiding in the final circle in PUBG - Ghillie End Game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQJQ1GeqTVQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

How to pop a tyre - Tyre Punch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2GmtQlN0tM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

How to refill your vehicle in PUBG - Gas refill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_SbISOGL7M&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

It's hard to time a grenade perfectly  - Timing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5bLfnWYnQE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Items magically teleport from one bag to another - Gear Swap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDP9f-Hz7ss&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Jumping from the third story window to save time - Long Drop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NWbNk-zgpk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Learning how to use the skyhook in PUBG - Skyhook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPj3FYw-GHY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Lobby - PUBG Logic ( Player Unknown's Battlegrounds Loading Zone)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPGLLZu5lz4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Melee - PUBG Logic (punching people in PUBG is so easy)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JBiGtL7gh0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

MVP - PUBG Logic (The one person who carries the team)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FW7xb8jWew&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Never give up when knocked in PUBG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-h5uOiTjm4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Never go full crossbow - Crossbow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGWYHDrrjC4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Overstocking on Ammo in PUBG - More Ammo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seInNWr6QSg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Panic Under Fire - PUBG Logic (player unknown battlegrounds loot lust panic)  VLDL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cG9Nj_eNlM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Parachute - PUBG Logic (getting stuck can really suck)  Viva La Dirt League
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFfQWFZv0-4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Passing items in cars is impossible - The Pass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBoTlA0AhC8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Passive aggressive PUBG post game - Team Argument
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUX9xUagvwo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Peeking - PUBG Logic (battle of the peeks in battlegrounds)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpQ2PCctFlk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Pick Up - PUBG Logic (collecting weapons can be difficult)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVFFe2wLXpU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Playing dress up in PUBG - Fashion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrC_y66pK_A&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Playing pranks on your mate in PUBG - Alt F4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVroFMbYO0A&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

PUBG Music Video - Loot Lust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYV7X0Nccp4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Quietly stalking enemies in PUBG - Noise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrgAmFMbLZw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Random luck finding a ghillie in PUBG - Ghillie Suit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRNZUC_Wr74&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Ready Up - PUBG Logic (There is always that one friend in player unknown battlegrounds)  VLDL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGO9DNcymyM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Realising all the players in PUBG are bots - Bots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FuVYU9IfpQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Red Zone - PUBG Logic (red zone safe zone)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vteWBuX_iiQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Remains - PUBG Logic (heartbreak on the battleground)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxatTIO6vqA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Revive - PUBG Logic (Healing teammates in Battlegrounds)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhZZIu8Yem4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Ridiculous costumes in PUBG Mobile - Costume
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwrogw3x490&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Ridiculously long reload time for the M249 - Long Reload
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2GrCvuYvzo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Sacrificing yourself for your teammate - Sacrifice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSKTPYWem4U&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Selling Erangal properties in PUBG - Real Estate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2WAo7P334c&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Shooting mates in the head - Training Chats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBKp-oQYTWU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Shooting through windows in PUBG - Window Frame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VaZ9_SHNK3s&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

SMG's are CRAZY common in Vikendi - Uzi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIFmsuhCuO8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Smoke Grenade - PUBG Logic  Viva La Dirt League
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wokpEFiMZb4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Smoke grenade vs frag grenade - Wrong Nade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvB97nSJoy0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Switching from grenade to weapon in PUBG - Primed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rs4m-5uNc5M&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Tactics to survive snow map Vikendi - Naked
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zAU7hNfl_s&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Talking to a hacker in PUBG - Cheater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N07PXI-9qeU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Teabag - PUBG Logic (when BM goes too far)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0HhEeYniLQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Teamwork makes the dream work - Sharing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBx2p4c1LwA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Terrifying video game AI in PUBG - Terminator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beqqaXUrtWU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

That controlling team mate in PUBG - Team Leader
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt1QZlo-d-o&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

That friend who plays the other game - PUBG vs Fortnite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olcPBpuZ6YU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

The blinding urge for more gear in PUBG - Loot Lust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAwZc666-Tw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

The danger of Blue Zone looting in PUBG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYE5ce1cvFk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

The difficulty of getting into cars in PUBG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQ6s6ujf6kY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

The Pan - PUBG Logic (It's just a cast iron frying pan after all)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfQGY8xaxO0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

The power of stims in PUBG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdd8fspKN58&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

The struggles of auto bandage - Auto bandage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kijp0nD4QXE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

The trouble with finding yourself in a good position - Stay Focused
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1876IuIENU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

There's only one way to stay alive when looting in PUBG -  Loot Wiggle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkDBZ4aBghw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Think about the environment - Litterbug
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlnXP60IJrk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Third Person Logic in PUBG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58nG88nGp80&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Trying to out run the blue zone in PUBG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPFZgk_O8Ok&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Trying to save your team mate - Going Rambo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtwxB2bjoNo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

UAZ - PUBG Logic (when an unexpected guest appears in your vehicle)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTIad5OZnWY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Using adrenaline in PUBG - Syringe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBTxfmI7-0M&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Vaulting - PUBG Logic (Jumping walls in player unknown's battlegrounds)  Viva La Dirt League
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MhAF47JodU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

What climbing through a window feels like in PUBG - Window Climb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlRCt5WQdqM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

What happens after you win a game of PUBG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iysbdJOkyM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

What streamers look like playing PUBG - Twitch Streamer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iK7XFwmFFD8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

When a sniper is baiting you out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KD9sMqp7bdE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

When an enemy tries to sneak into your team - Imposter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwN5tuW0Evs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

When an energy drink alerts the enemy in PUBG - The Giveaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00HQREUhqUg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

When saving your team is impossible - Boxed In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBcEJ25VoMI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

When you get shit loot in PUBG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kM8Cws9tiTQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

When you're the first to die in your PUBG squad - Ghost
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sm4OiGwrnhk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

When your team mate disconnects in PUBG - Last hope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5cW_uIhWNo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

When your teammate disconnects - Driver Disconnect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGUaiKft5Gk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Where do those crates appear from in PUBG - Death Crate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFLtnAO7u0I&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Wiggle - PUBG Logic (just hit W,A,S,D)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9i_gQKktMqQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B

Worst gun in PUBG - Revolver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pp03TYEwTi4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCngmWf_wUWfnzTjn04XF-B
PUBG Logic  Viva La Dirt League