
11 Shirts For Marbles' 11th Birthday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdgKtzL3RQE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

2 Week Bunny Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YlYpmZTcvs&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

29 Life Lessons I Learned In 29 Years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5uRIb3o4-U&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

30 Life Lessons I Learned In 30 Years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2972jP4ntY&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

A Bald Cap Full Of Eyelashes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLokc7dsVK4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

A Full Face Of Rhinestones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RycMNSM8Mns&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

A Mukbang But It's Just My Mouth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHH_Kh56NtA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

A Relaxing Time With Just For Men
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFU8plUZccs&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

A Tour Of My Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2llLx_WkF3Q&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

A Virgo And An Aries Make Cannolis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9qjYySeWfU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

ASMR Mukbang Unboxing Gaming Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyC-bCMjZs4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Baking My Boyfriend A Birthday Cake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4Q0pElKWY0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Better Names For Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=415LJhOKt98&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Better Names For Foods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3RbEmO3xWM&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Bleaching My Eyebrows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmGnedYflqY&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Body Massage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGWLrONk7Rw&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Braiding Things Into My Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YllrAmXfrME&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Buying My Dogs Everything They Touch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfxoHNtXpZk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Camouflaging Myself Into A Chair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAqG0wcTfV4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Charles Franklin Marbles is a Sad Sad Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6ieL3Cr06E&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Christmas Glitter Beard DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFuYC2uaKGU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Come Do Terrible Things To My Hair With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvwTBPrrZcI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Come Watch My Favorite Tik Toks With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGr1IP-1e7E&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Conjoined Twin Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=257OqEliWMM&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Cooking Thanksgiving Food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c30s6OnCApw&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Corn on the Cob But Instead of the Corn Bone It's A Hotdog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VosRKPBGE8&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Cutting And Coloring My Boyfriend's Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Elw7nfwxOcQ&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Cutting and Coloring My Own Hair 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZOyzi4W-wg&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Cutting And Coloring My Own Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EWZyU_mXf4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Cutting Soap For My Dog While He Wears A Turtleneck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3vtCx5CBaI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

DIY Wedding Gift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mg0X8ENw2js&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Dog Finger Painting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fk5zjfLL6XI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Doing An Easter Egg Hunt For My Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDckQiE-fUg&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Doing Double Vision Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rfWADlx-M0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Doing My Mom's Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45eM2cd8Grk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Doing My Own Acrylic Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDJMcoeTYN0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Doing My Own Acrylic Toenails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnuNKg-r_P4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Double Drag Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmyKv-v9iyQ&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Drawing With My Feet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSZgePq0tFo&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Dress Up Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLeereuSuuM&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Drunk Makeup Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXzwAXzUwwE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Ear Blood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63ruIqgxQuU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Embarrassing Stories 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pip17S1H3bo&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Everything is Glue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVRrgBecaeU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Extras 2015 Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFRxl5Z3A84&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Extras 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Omm7T5GZatg&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Face Swap Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqVEENNtZ3U&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Following A Bob Ross Painting Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZW-ZnQoj5g&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Full Face Using Only Highlighters Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Un57W0eN1o&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Getting My Italian Greyhound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-TsHz9rw6E&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving My Boyfriend A Brazilian Blowout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IezfWhKTYPY&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving My Boyfriend A Pin Up Girl Makeover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNgmYFwUjjw&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving My Boyfriend Acrylic Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p42rWr6D4Xc&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving My Dogs A Bath While They Listen To Royalty Free Spa Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTbXOIpIT44&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving My Hamster A Home Makeover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWbr7_7gKs0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving My Man The Hair He Deserves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6t41dgYCQjw&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving Myself A 90's Hair Wrap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOvK8haeqBw&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving Myself a Beard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5NgiW0rJLk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving Myself A Lash Perm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a2h1aILVi4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving Myself A Perm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMnJ0cApcY8&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving Myself A Set Of Gel Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUQ2DH-wtYw&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving Myself A Tape Face Lift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGjDZwdqjjE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving Myself Eyelash Extensions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aHk8_F08NQ&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Giving Myself Tape In Hair Extensions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB7_1CoKntI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Google Deep Dive With Me 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkQ6Ah_TSUY&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Google Deep Dive With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eC5bgxkxEYM&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Helium Booth Tag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WXCoCzBv4Q&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Hello Young People, I'm Hillary Clinton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7dxBlTC_9c&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Hello Young People, It's Hillary Clinton Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llkIkLRF26M&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

House Tour Vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2x1T2D9J9s&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

How I Used To Do My Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnV5NYy8bAQ&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

How To Mildly Annoy Other People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZJeCsXk17A&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

How to trick people into thinking you're good looking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYpwAtnywTk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

How To Use The Slow Blink
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hop99yi3dHA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Hydro Dipping A Pair of Crocs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VErxiXnCVA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Hydro Dipping Crocs Again With A Small Amount Of Redemption But Not Really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UxluH5NzVY&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Buy My Boyfriends Outfits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v3BWoddSgk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Cook My Boyfriends Favorite Meal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-Aifw2A2Q4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Filmed My Dog Whenever He Cried Or Was Nasty For 24 Hours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf0Mi3kWKhY&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Gave Myself A Claire's Makeover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLVMrpByb_Q&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Gave Myself Those Awful Ramen Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FPROLM3PMg&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Hate Being A Grown Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPi2s1K_pgU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Let My Dogs Walk Me For A Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ew1JYegKF7s&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Made A Train For My Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZAgIPqD_D0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Made That Awful Jeans Chair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2McDQu5UQpk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Made Two Videos And They Were Both Bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1is7e6ErkU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Suck At Pranks 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bf2Pd__zq8c&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Suck At Pranks 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOMBQBNIpSA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Suck At Pranks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSaqfAFaTwI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Suck At Video Games 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RKMrXzYLDU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Suck At Video Games 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jm0sGN471tE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Suck At Video Games 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Se5b8FSrLGM&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Suck At Video Games
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5a37VGuHvI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Tried Following A James Charles Makeup Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzP676lbUYA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Turned My Hair Into A Hot Wheels Track
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-cq5uR9gEk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Want A New Face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwLgfCXJaKE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Want To Be A Toothbrush For Halloween
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QccBAHil6SI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I Want To Be Tall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKwON5JcAv0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I'm A Disco Ball
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNODMzDhsMM&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

I'm Dog Stairs For Halloween
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJXy3Aya8H4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Jenna's Drunk Art School Painting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olimMkQljg4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Jenna's Rachet Fashion Boutique My Boyfriend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8iQoimAlqk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Jenna's Rachet Fashion Boutique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgPmSTRCMp0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Jenna's Rachet Nail Salon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9jMKiyetJo&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Jenna's Rachet Salon Waxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYJouoSc2gU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Jenna's Rachet Salon With Julien Solomita
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGAn1o6eyiU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Jenna's Ratchet Fashion Boutique Dog Costumes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICBJSNvi3RE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Just Trying To Blend In With My Green Screen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icLIdzEJ1Uo&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Landshark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swsEvb2yytU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Let's Abstract Paint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kre7lFvg8ew&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Let's Acrylic Pour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CGXodfV-Ik&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Let's Paint With String
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dViWTpWxVgE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Making A Tiny Living Room For My Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEx1wcbBvdg&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Making An Advent Calendar For My Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjMK0YY93Os&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Making Fake Freckles ~WORK~ For Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_v8zPpId_A&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Making My Boyfriend A Romphim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENgR3aw5Snk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Making My Dog A Bed Out Of Soap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3it6WSL15A&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Making My Dogs Homemade Dog Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92ZU3IcYEIE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Making Our Favorite Soup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62lpPNvscis&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Making Terrible Hot Glue Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4VzWKMc38k&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Making Tiny Things For Our Hamster 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVsqqfHXd0w&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Making Tiny Things For Our Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5O_oXjz4Kc&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Me and Mr. Marbles havin a convo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeWlSQzNa6Q&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Meet Bunny Our Rescue Greyhound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nA1QKpKuSd4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Meet Peach The Puppy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSlBInQ4eR8&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Meme ?? Review ?? 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnRuAzvtK_M&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Meme?? Review?? 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZsF6ogRjAA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Meme?? Review?? 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-yllQHbRLA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Mr. Marbles Has a Long Tongue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YATKPtZkVwk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Mr. Marbles Is Toothless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYq6187AjBU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Boyfriend Buys My Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb4gebXtC60&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Boyfriend Buys My Outfits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBN9kLaS-uw&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Boyfriend Cooks My Favorite Dessert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rd2-zQNog9E&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Boyfriend Cooks My Favorite Meal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DYcovm9i0M&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Boyfriend Does My Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2StIQCbKo6Q&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Boyfriend Does My Voiceover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0kjpdcT-Yo&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Boyfriend Guides Me Through A Makeup Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DL_Un-euzBs&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Boyfriend Makes Me Ice Cream For My Birthday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1vXEDJ3PK0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Boyfriend Teaches Me Jiu Jitsu 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=In7FBG6rPw0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Boyfriend Teaches Me Jiu Jitsu 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0txgvcMZMVk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Boyfriend Teaches Me Jiu Jitsu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkvTpmQ7M48&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Dog Reviews Soap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouj_on9MxcQ&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Dogs Eat Pupsicles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6exhT930Ag4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Dogs Eating Peanut Butter For 3 Minutes Straight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csQHg3YLwrI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Dogs Eating Popcorn ASMR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cYxzLGk2NcY&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Dogs Meet A Cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtlLI_pBC3s&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Dogs Pick My Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yJJlb3E6JQ&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVikUbTnUqU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKbGs4eKFw8&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wRgNPdU7fQ&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Dogs' Bike Trailer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6z0aU6V9wsY&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Dogs' Wedding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gML71RXkMNE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

My Greyhound Tries Fruits And Vegetables
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbMv0eYXxG4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

MyMomIsHere.mov
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCw8T9kNNnI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

New Puppy At Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHiSRYK5QYs&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Not My Arms Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d25g28j6Vd0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Oops I'm In SingaporeBali
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm5EUC9Oktc&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Oops I'm In Tokyo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JW70oTiQbm8&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Opposite Contour Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRrBcxsIVeo&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Pancake Art Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7Lb8cVuwtw&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Panoramic Photo Tag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxZe8M4mqJA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

People That Deserve a Raise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIoCQUpmukg&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Photo Booth Tag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQq4-3crqGA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Playing Episode Love Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMT_vIYjDbU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Prank Calling in Sick From Jobs I Don't Have 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxZss9dLpgI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Pssy Grabbing Self Defense
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGUeuk--0kc&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Punk Edits In Real Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5lR_6719Ho&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Putting 200 Fake Nails On One Nail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhUsye2ewNg&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Questions Video #6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPrvpaGF6Lk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMn3p7hhMew&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74EDvTEhqtE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reacting to Compilation Videos of Me 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Y4E8XC70x0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtpWXGyRtSw&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CW6lKTrjZCM&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNs9IZAeFQU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reacting To My Old Videos (300th Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_PFgg0QnVI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reacting To Your Memes (Meme ?? Review ??)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQBn8t2JXp0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reading Mean Comments About My Dogs 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPpBz9x6a6I&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reading Mean Comments About My Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRbHTeAcJLQ&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reading Mean Comments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVB0v963fkE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Realistic Love (Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnb2-lmE2us&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Recreating Face Paintings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CSKB7CzrZU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Recreating The Hamster Picture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYoQmcSn_UM&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reviewing Bad Apps 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6J8JDNlkrco&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reviewing Bad Apps 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ri5p6WM6Jf8&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reviewing Bad Apps 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wPSNvyvEw4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reviewing Bad Apps 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=id2engoWMv8&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Reviewing Bad Apps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJKjYF88XMU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Roast Yourself Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iIwCPXVDlA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

See You In 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6wJxjePPCA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Sharing Things From My Special Shoebox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0Vv8YJXS8w&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Shaving My Boyfriends Face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xv3uTh9nJY&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Shaving My Eyebrows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZngynzkNQ0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Shaving My Face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li7HdK2vIlw&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Taking A Nap For 20 Million Subscribers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zz8tyRHKZY&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Taking My Dog To Meet Santa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp2rFoZ3GN8&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Taking Our Greyhound To The Beach For The First Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4R6uNXAw9tM&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Teaching My Boyfriend How To Pitch A Softball
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nexADgoWo54&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Teaching My Dogs How To Swim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olONgK_CxG4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Testing My Dogs' Intelligence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSnQ1hsmCTE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

The Mom Tag - Meet My Mom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WPhpiTnHjY&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

The Whisper Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c32doTjXEls&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Things I Get Excited About As An Adult
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIsgoafssIo&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Thoughts From A Bathtub 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfywWEEsy8Y&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Thoughts From A Bathtub
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxH20-Us2QM&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Thoughts From A Couch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWcqbZc9CfI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Thrift Store Roulette
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1cX-ZMTzT4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Throwing My Dogs A Pool Party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mO7yKkq5HkE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Transforming Myself Into My Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ag6Xj26WBf8&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Treating My Dogs Like Babies For A Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fvv83jYh8pA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Trying Hair Braiding Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m5TvH-D5tQ&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Trying To Decorate Our House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIFwDxdF_a4&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Trying To Get My Chihuahua To Sit For 20 Minutes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7RmUKm9PCA&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Trying To Make My Own Wig
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faDDENDHyF8&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Trying To See Things Without My Glasses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lqqyq3IwR_w&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Turning My Boyfriend Into A Bratz Doll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EG2_RQ0kT7o&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Ultimate 100 Coats of Things Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsFLMjlgR_o&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

We Bought A House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kTWIm7m4Uw&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

We Got A Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAJba5bf88Y&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

We Got In A Car Accident, We Are Okay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07gjpwfq7fc&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

We Went Camping In Our Backyard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcuAlQY-QNY&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

What Happened To My Fishies Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFwMTG6T_PI&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

What I Want When I'm Cold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aVgKls7vD0&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

What's On My iPhoneiPad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1iSeIU_Mpk&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

What's The Best Mascara To Cry In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lteC_JdTObE&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Who's Smarter Chihuahua Vs. Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44OxwxcclI8&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN

Yoga Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-LW7hRVTXU&list=PLmUV3GsJPsd3QPRT_P9-FjU-ToGks_ZEN
Jenna Marbles all videos in order