
1.  2020 to 2021 - Master Your Life Using Spiritual Alchemy !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0lMfUuJDRI

2.  Ascended Master St Germain - Connect and Receive Guidance and Support from Spirit Guide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HC0V-fYzTd4

3.  Ascended Master St Germain - Energy Ascension Update - Triangle and The Number 3 - April 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZWe1MOJTyw

4.  Ascended Master St.Germain -  How do I let go of responsibilities as I awaken  - Group excerpt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm62bk7Rwnc

5.  Ascended Master St.Germain - 'Ego Joy vs Consciousness Joy' by Trance Channel Medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jH5rX7aBQIE

6.  Ascended Master St.Germain - ASCENSION  ENERGY UPDATE FOR LIGHTWORKERS February 2019 Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ROOZOQfuco

7.  Ascended Master St.Germain - Channeled How The Ego Tricks Us Into Feeling Fear   Imprisonment  2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xOvtexuPMQ

8.  Ascended Master St.Germain - Channeled Message  Painting About Relationships March 2019 Tara Art.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gd9P1CYHMys

9.  Ascended Master St.Germain - Channeled Message Remembering Past lifetimes  Reincarnation June 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mwkv0AijXmM

10.  Ascended Master St.Germain - Channeling Light Language How To Channel with Trance Channel TaraArnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xooLa_nMMqU

11.  Ascended Master St.Germain - Connect With The Consciousness Of Money ! Channeled Message.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=naP17gXUVyY

12.  Ascended Master St.Germain - DREAMS, WORLD ISSUES, LIGHTWORKERS and More ! 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLYGoqBFpE8

13.  Ascended Master St.Germain - ENERGY UPDATE LIGHTWORKERS ! HELLO NEW EARTH! Jan 21 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EV4DQ1uJOBw

14.  Ascended Master St.Germain - Gives A Group Medium Reading For You As You Watch Video - Feb 6 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbqniyhw9y8

15.  Ascended Master St.Germain - Gives A Group Medium Reading For You As You Watch Video January 17 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yes2En7Fqq4

16.  Ascended Master St.Germain - How Does A Bully Awaken  St.Germain on Bullying - channelled message.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTgJBE3_eKE

17.  Ascended Master St.Germain - How YOU Can Channel St Germain and The Ascended Masters !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeqwCK-e3nE

18.  Ascended Master St.Germain - TRUST YOUR KNOWING Group Session with Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWyed3OE6C0

19.  Ascended Master St.Germain - VIOLET TRANSMUTING FLAME - Trance Medium Tara Arnold 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoiigBfrDII

20.  Ascended Master St.Germain - What is Medical Intuitive Healing Session Trance Medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9_FVOrZyN0

21.  Ascended Master St.Germain - WHAT IS YOUR TRUTH   Live Your Truth  - Trance  medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GjD4prRTV8U

22.  Channeled Message - Finding Your Passion - Tips From St.Germain - Oct 16 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLRWHBVSCEA

23.  Channeled message - How To Create Your Own Reality - 3rd Dimension To 5th Dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRUVY-T6QT8

24.  Channeled Message - Solfeggio Frequencies and Increasing Your Intuition - March 16 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ie7kX1n1FKg

25.  Channeled Message - You Are Ready To Step into the spotlight ! January 23 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9ZqvqO8h30

26.  Channelled Message -  Abundance and Manifesting in 5D - With Erin and Tara !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOi0SUH6kIQ

27.  Channelled Message -  Attachments and Identities channelled by Trance Medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwDVBQYPr2s

28.  Channelled Message -  EMPATH  STARSEED spirit MESSAGE ! March 12 2020 !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yE3ycme9D-w

29.  Channelled Message -  for 2019 - NEW PHASE FOR LIGHTWORKERS !  St.Germain -Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQWQ_ZboSI0

30.  Channelled Message -  Group Excerpt -  How can i worry less about my children  Medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFzEKUVl8U4

31.  Channelled Message -  Lightworkers ASCENSION - ENERGY UPDATE  The Ascended Masters December 12 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPQXjIej6IM

32.  Channelled Message - 'Eat Veggies or Meat' Ascended Master St.Germain channelled by Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEixDtMHbLc

33.  Channelled Message - 5d shift - How do I let go of attachments to others and still love them .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vOtWxg3CYQ

34.  Channelled Message - April 2020 Energy Update - WHAT'S NEXT  Lightworker Empath Starseed Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_y-0uvh4gE

35.  Channelled Message - April 2021 Energy Update - WHAT'S NEXT  Lightworker Empath Starseed Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3jFKzA1jV0

36.  Channelled Message - Ascended Master St Germain - Why Is There Illness  Illness in 3D and 5D - 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-qY3Q4zyOI

37.  Channelled Message - Ascended Master St.Germain - FIRST WAVE LIGHTWORKERS A NEW GAME! Energy Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldeBqg2XYsc

38.  Channelled Message - Ascension  Energy  Update May  June 2021 - Tara Channels In The Forest!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKLG47f97jE

39.  Channelled Message - ASCENSION  ENERGY UPDATE November 2019 ! Lightworkers It Will Get Easier !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSnCSjcDGqc

40.  Channelled Message - Ascension Energy Update for July 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6r1qbnCMAA

41.  Channelled Message - Ascension Energy Update July 13 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G908ICgSgAE

42.  Channelled Message - August 2021 Energy Update - Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEdaQ4S_U3s

43.  Channelled Message - Cryptocurrency - Money Consciousness - The New Earth Children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ai_FXIr57Ow

44.  Channelled Message - December - LIGHTWORKERS - STARSEEDS - GALACTIC LIGHT CODES GATES OPENED 21 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFM-YvK7az0

45.  Channelled Message - December 2020 Energy Ascension Update - Lightworkers Empaths Starseeds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mpHAWdBEso

46.  Channelled Message - Empathy vs Sympathy - Which one are you Trance channelled by Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwBuYrQysTM

47.  Channelled Message - Energy Ascension Update - January 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrJZmNP_8Rc

48.  Channelled Message - for COUPLES - Crystal Rune Reading from St.Germain - Valentines Day - Love 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BaRW9Gxf9mA

49.  Channelled Message - For Parents Raising Children Of The New Earth  Indigo Crystal Rainbow Starseed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbz4uyINP-8

50.  Channelled Message - for SINGLES - Crystal Rune Reading from St.Germain - Valentines Day - Love 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2ptNDt-ky0

51.  Channelled Message - Gender Identity Explained - Trance Channel Medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCsLY2ChPKY

52.  Channelled Message - Group session Letting Go Of Ego with Trance Medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5c5aJz1Qh8Q

53.  Channelled Message - Heart Chakra Activation - Trance channelled by Medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9Czflqcz44

54.  Channelled Message - Hope And Strength As We Navigate The Pandemic Storm - Empath - April 10 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGRLtzZrEhA

55.  Channelled Message - How to Manifest Abundance - Medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5es2L7T-uo

56.  Channelled Message - How To Manifest Your Soul Mate - channeling Ascended Master St. Germain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QD50NKkJvUQ

57.  Channelled Message - I AM NOT HAPPY ANYMORE WHAT IS MY PURPOSE  channelled by Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fm80o6KciVk

58.  Channelled Message - Is there Treasure on Oak Island  Medium Tara Arnold trance channels St.Germain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHxLSNVXGiE

59.  Channelled Message - Isolation How can Lightworkers Empaths help Humanity  Mar18 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oT8nvpeCjE

60.  Channelled Message - June 15 2020 - Energy Ascension Update Lightworkers - Empaths - Starseeds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ao4CohIweRs

61.  Channelled Message - June 25 2020 - Q and A with St.Germain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uz8-2IiEm9w

62.  Channelled Message - June 4 2020 - Ascended Master St. Germain Energy Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z28iYTIsF4Q

63.  Channelled Message - LIGHTWORKERS - STARSEEDS - January 31  Energy  Ascension Update - 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UaKOIIfphJQ

64.  Channelled Message - March 2020 - LIGHTWORKERS !! ENERGY  ASCENSION UPDATE !!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2tbECk4WYw

65.  Channelled Message - March Energy Ascension Update - Natural Disasters Lightworkers Empaths Starseed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBxSIg79lQ4

66.  Channelled Message - May  June 2020  Energy Ascension Update - Lightworkers Empaths Starseeds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWL9EYYxuSM

67.  Channelled Message - Medium Tara Arnold discusses how to receive messages from spiritual guides.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeB0rhduM-E

68.  Channelled Message - Multidimensional Being - Are We All Multidimensional Consciousness .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcDySWx86Qg

69.  Channelled Message - Navigating Energies - Finding Hope When Wanting To Leave Planet Earth  Oct 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRxnBt5xgkM

70.  Channelled Message - Nov 2020 - Energy Update - WHAT'S NEXT  Lightworker Empath Starseed Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrNvYBN0Rl8

71.  Channelled Message - Overcoming Addiction - The Root Cause Of Every Addiction - 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKG4lkUOJ4Q

72.  Channelled Message - Setting Goals in 5th dimension vs 3rd dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ow43O-YUvOQ

73.  Channelled Message - SPIRITUAL PREDICTION -  This Year 2020 Perfect Vision ! Lightworker Update !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtjvsgDX1UE

74.  Channelled Message - St. Germain - Powerful Higher Heart Chakra Thymus Chakra Healing Balancing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B06fFDQZxK0

75.  Channelled Message - St.Germain  ' How can I help My twin '  Trance medium Tara Arnold Group Excerpt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHcqUqtyzDU

76.  Channelled Message - St.Germain - Do I Practice Meditation Or Not  Should I Stop Trying So Hard .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBbAyv5u8XI

77.  Channelled Message - Stages of Spiritual Enlightenment - Awakening with the Ascended Masters - 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZSWol2kLB4

78.  Channelled Message - Super Moon - Lunar Eclipse - Flower Moon - Astrology St. Germain - May 26 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znaO6k4uNvA

79.  Channelled Message - Tara Arnold channels Master St .Germain as he discusses President Trump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v72ejtWy0P4

80.  Channelled Message - The Empowered Empath - With St.Germain - Sept 9 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEcLfhysPL8

81.  Channelled Message - The New Earth and Multidimensional Consciousness - 5d Shift - 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GP8EZ53kHuk

82.  Channelled Message - Viewer Questions Answered - Sept 22 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7dzr6dTF7k

83.  Channelled Message - What Are ASCENSION SYMPTOMS  Are You Experiencing Pain .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yIdhEXwEx_I

84.  Channelled Message - What Does Your Name Say About You  St Germain Ascended Master.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-R369isIbIA

85.  Channelled Message - What is Spiritual Awakening  Spirituality for Beginners Tara Arnold St.Germain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joV2gWWmZfQ

86.  Channelled Message - WHAT IS UP WITH THE UNIVERSAL ENERGIES  Lightworker update Feb 19 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sI89HJ-p_aA

87.  Channelled Message - Why do we get fat - Why do we gain weight as we get older  Trance Medium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1mhN-O0ytw

88.  Channelled Message - Why So Much Violence in 2021 - Pleiadians Lightworkers Starseeds Empaths.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElolKbuzgJ8

89.  Channelled Message - With Lady Portia ! St.Germain's Female Aspect - July 20 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5Mh3O_T4jw

90.  Crown Chakra Healing - With The Ascended Masters -  Ascension Symptoms Transmuted - ego brain spine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i6_Ucn7-bo4

91.  Dark Night Of The Soul - What is it - How Do I Navigate Through it  May 20 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrHuazO8nSg

92.  Easy Ways To - Balance Your Chakras In 5th Dimension And Learn How To Make TARA'S CHAKRA STEW !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5pABtSzsqA

93.  Energy Update - How Dreams Can Assist With The Ascension  Awakening Process -Topic Tuesday - 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_JXVeOCJwI

94.  Finding Your Inner Child - How To love Yourself - Key To Joy - Ascended Masters Guided Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os7x4X1er5o

95.  Heart Chakra Symptoms -  Transmute Ascension Symptoms With The Ascended Masters - Heart - Lungs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MQrOaE4ZuQ

96.  Highly Sensitive Person - Empath Coping Strategies - Tips - Tricks - Treatment - Oct 20 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guSqrY_BjO8

97.  How Do I Quiet The Mind  December 2 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4GIZc6VESs

98.  How To Cleanse A House Of Spirits - Tips From Ascended Master St.Germain - March 1 2020 smudging.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Us-G9XlctI

99.  How To Muscle Test YOURSELF ( PART 4 )To Decrease Physical Pain Caused by Ascension Symptoms !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inrZSa3AM3Q

100.  How To Muscle Test YOURSELF (PART 3)To Get Straight A's WITHOUT Stress, Anxiety (watch part 1 & 2 ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiybLp5O3vI

101.  How To Muscle Test YOURSELF To Get Intuitive Answers ! ( PART 1 )  2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLM4X7j1yPo

102.  How To Muscle Test YOURSELF To Get Intuitive Answers ! ( PART 2 ) How Does Muscle Testing Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQDGORVgUoI

103.  How To See an Aura in under 5 minutes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tZcNvqnBeQ

104.  Illusions of Time - How To Easily - Move From 3 D to 5 D - December 28 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OA0YQNd2LQ

105.  Intuitive Abstract Art Painting Demo With Acrylic Paint April 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQMU2WPAGc4

106.  Intuitive Artwork -  Intuitive Artist Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RJH-qUbPBg

107.  Learn How to reset Your Organ Meridian Body Clock with Spiritual Alchemy ! Works For Jet Leg too !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3oxaQeK1Oo

108.  Lucid Dream In 3 Easy Steps ! How To - Create Your Reality While You Sleep ! Premonition Dreams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2EnpBEqwyw

109.  Money Abundance - LIGHTWORKERS DON'T GIVE UP HOPE ! New Chakras In 5D  Tara Arnold 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcD9FdNh3ew

110.  Root Chakra Opening - With The Ascended Masters -  Ascension Symptoms Transmuted - Insecurity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5OmEAPTEj0

111.  Sacral Chakra Balancing - Transmute Ascension Symptoms With The Ascended Masters - Shame Humiliation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCVG5eHi5iY

112.  Solar Plexus Chakra Opening Symptoms - Transmute Ascension Symptoms With The Ascended Masters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5bbI4YbglI

113.  Spiritual Artwork -  Quick Acrylic Painting Demo by Trance channel Medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZ7iC9Gyq1c

114.  Spiritual Artwork - How to Channel Spiritual Art with Medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4rTKnbyg10

115.  Spiritual Artwork - What is a channeled painting  You Can Paint Easy ! How To Paint Intuitive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZQa-_qcUfE

116.  Spiritual Artwork - What is a channeled painting Demo by Trance Channel Medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bb1PAt3m98U

117.  Spiritual Artwork - What is a channelled painting Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YUz0MEMO4U

118.  Spiritual Artwork - What is a intuitive artist painting   Video Demo # 2 letting go of Attachments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLlyESgu_Og

119.  St Germain Ascended Master - explains CRYSTALS How They Work - Channelled Message.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gCsCy_V2MY

120.  St.Germain Ascended Master -  Channeling From The Heart - Trance Channel Medium Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFS5BTY6GsE

121.  St.Germain Channeling - Channeled Message - NEXT PHASE FOR LIGHTWORKERS ! Tara Arnold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSg-h_78rf0

122.  Strange Ascension Symptoms Of Spiritual Awakening - Kundalini Energy - What Are You Experiencing .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n56y_hfGst0

123.  Strange Ascension Symptoms Spiritual Awakening part 2 - Not Wanting To Live - But Not Wanting To Die.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_vkJ-UwtmQ

124.  Tara Explains How She Started Channeling St.Germain - April 9 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zICnMkZjHMM

125.  Tara Explains The Transmutation of Ascension Symptoms Videos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--3ymQTLVbE

126.  The Healing Heart Show with Lady Nowe! Lady Nowe chats with Trance Channel Medium Tara Arnold 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_YvK9FzIJM

127.  Third Eye Chakra Healing - Transmute Ascension Symptoms With The Ascended Masters Headaches Migraine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7Vzc5jq_ek

128.  Throat Chakra Balancing - Transmute Ascension Symptoms With The Ascended Masters - Thyroid Issues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoBCgb-iPwc

129.  Welcome To Our Channel !.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cEvHP3b3vU
Tara Arnold - Videos