
Battle Chasers Nightwar
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hg.bcnw

Crossroads Roguelike RPG Dungeon Crawler
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=icon.games.crossroads

Dungeon Corporation P  (An auto-farming RPG game)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bigshotgames.legendaryItemPlatinum

Icewind Dale Enhanced Edition
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.beamdog.icewinddale

Kings Hero 2 Turn Based RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.svv.kh2

Knight Eternal Pixel RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=rpg.jkgames.knighteternal

Knights of Pen & Paper +1
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=br.com.beholdstudios.knightspp

Legend Guardians Epic Heroes Fighting Action RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.unimob.legend.guardians.premium

Neo Monsters
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pockettrend.neomonsters

Phantom Rift - Adventure RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.foursakenmedia.phantomrift

Pixel Blade M Vip - Action rpg
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pixelstar.PixelFBladeVIP

Premium-RPG Bonds of the Skies
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.hitpoint.folklore

Prison Life RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nobstudio.chengshuwan.prisonLifeRPG

RPG Alvastia Chronicles
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.alvastiapremium

RPG Ambition Record
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.ambitionrecord

RPG Asdivine Hearts
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.asdivinehearts

RPG Chrome Wolf - KEMCO
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.magitec.chromwolf

RPG Crystal Ortha
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.hitpoint.crystalortha

RPG Dark Seven
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.magitec.darks

RPG Eclipse of Illusion
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.wws.mirageeclipse

RPG End of Aspiration
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.wws.eofa

RPG Grinsia
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.magitec.grinsia

RPG Illusion of L'Phalcia
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.lphalcia

RPG Infinite Dunamis - KEMCO
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.dynamis

RPG Justice Chronicles
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.hitpoint.seisen

RPG Knight Bewitched 2
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=rpg.jkgames.knightbewitched2

RPG Liege Dragon
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.lostdragon

RPG Miden Tower
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.innocentrevenger

RPG Monster Viator
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.hitpoint.viator

RPG Shelterra the Skyworld
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.magitec.cielterra

RPG Silver Nornir
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.wws.nornir

RPG Soul Historica
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.magitec.soulhistorica

RPG Soul of Deva
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.hitpoint.saiyugi

RPG Symphony of the Origin
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.wws.soo

RPG Valkyria Soul
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.hitpoint.valkyriasoul

Secret Tower VIP (Super fast growing idle RPG)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.nextdoors.towervip

Siralim 3 (Monster Taming RPG)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thylacinestudios.siralim3

Soul Warrior Premium Sword and Magic
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ubimob.soul.warriors.pay

Superhero War Premium Robot Fight
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ubimob.superhero.war.premium

Warriors' Market Mayhem VIP  Offline Retro RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.catlab.blacksmithvip

[Premium] RPG Antiquia Lost
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.historiapremium

[Premium] RPG Asdivine Cross
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.asdivinecrosspremium

[Premium] RPG Astral Frontier
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.wws.afapremium

[Premium] RPG Chronus Arc
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.hitpoint.chronus

[Premium] RPG Dragon Sinker
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.dragonsinkerpremium

[Premium] RPG Seek Hearts
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.seekpremium

[Premium] RPG Wizards of Brandel
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.brandolpremium

[Premium]RPG Asdivine Hearts 2
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kemco.execreate.asdivinehearts2premium

[VIP]Coin Princess Offline Retro RPG Quest
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.norizabob.coinprincessvip

[VIP]Infinity Dungeon Offline RPG Adventure
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sosc.firstfantasy1super
Android Paid RPGs