
500 Miles Away from Home-Railroaders Lament- The Brothers Four
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFGlBcU9zxo&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Arlo Guthrie & Pete Seeger This Land Is Your Land
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSIy0wq_-8A&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Arlo Guthrie -  The City Of New Orleans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eP2sB-Hqi6Y&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Barry McGuire - Eve Of Destruction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfZVu0alU0I&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

big yellow taxi - joni mitchell in concert 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgMEPk6fvpg&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Blowing In The Wind (Live On TV, March 1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWwgrjjIMXA&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Bob Dylan - A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5al0HmR4to&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Bob Dylan - Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues (music video) (Digital Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcRNSHqiH7A&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Bob Dylan - Knockin' On Heaven's Door (Unplugged)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJpB_AEZf6U&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Bob Dylan - Most Likely You Go Your Way (And I'll Go Mine) (Mark Ronson Remix (video))
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEwix-Zi0zw&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Bob Dylan - My Back Pages (From the 30th Anniversary Concert) (Version 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGEIMCWob3U&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Bob Dylan - Pretty Saro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSdVOEKW5YA&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Bob Dylan - Stuck Inside of Mobile with the Memphis Blues Again - Take 13 (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WS-TTNaLyg&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Bob Dylan - Subterranean Homesick Blues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGxjIBEZvx0&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Bob Dylan - Tangled Up In Blue (Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwSZvHqf9qM&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Bob Dylan - Things Have Changed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9EKqQWPjyo&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Buffalo Springfield - For What It's Worth 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gp5JCrSXkJY&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Buffy Sainte-Marie - Universal Soldier - Skagen July 2nd, 2011
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jv1MGM9K2gc&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Catch the Wind - Donovan - 1965 live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jG5U08fhpyY&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Country Joe & The Fish- Feel Like I'm Fixing To Die Rag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soy3PHV3RiM&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Creedence Clearwater Revival- Fortunate Son  STUDIO VERSION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pl1xATrGMtg&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Darcy Farrow - Ian & Sylvia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0drT4ocmAg&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Doc Watson - Shady Grove
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-kaG1NuLZM&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Don't Think Twice It's All Right - Bob Dylan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-Y3KfJs6T0&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Donovan  -  Jennifer Juniper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSLi7TNYUrw&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Eric Andersen 'Bout Changes & Things,1966.Track 01 Violets of Dawn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b70PsYrm_T8&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Everybody knows - Leonard Cohen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lin-a2lTelg&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

GO WHERE YOU WANNA GO. The Mamas and the Papas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSL1yWOhHoQ&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Gordon Lightfoot - Early Morning Rain (1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTu-jHcwhts&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Greenfields (+lyrics) - Brothers four
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQnF5aRNQF4&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

I Ain't Marching Anymore - Phil Ochs Lyric Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qDkC4yJxdc&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

I Want you - Bob Dylan- Blonde on Blonde (CINEMA PARADISO CLIP)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzA1KDxKXZw&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

It's All Over Now, Baby  Blue - Bob Dylan (5765) Bootleg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=af7ngGxEusE&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

JOAN BAEZ  ~ Joe Hill ~
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_f2J4ceCikI&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

JOAN BAEZ  ~ One Too Many Mornings ~
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=088DhELIqw8&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

JOAN BAEZ  ~ The Last Thing On My Mind ~
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICM7aRC8XSU&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joan Baez -  Love Is Just A Four letter Word
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54bCqAHCfqg&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joan Baez - Don't Think Twice It's All Right (BBC Television Theatre, London - June 5, 1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tGuvOXd0yQ&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joan Baez - North Country Blues (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0XUfoLkG0o&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joan Baez - Sweet Sir Galahad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9cpBML9SoE&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joan Baez - We shall overcome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkNsEH1GD7Q&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

JOAN BAEZ.  .......IT AIN'T ME BABE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xIjzvTObzgA&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joan C. Baez - The Best Of (Full Album)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-GueIOVNvk&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

John Denver - Annie's song - Platengala international 1982 • TopPop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imbv9Ne02bI&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joni Mitchell   Both sides now on Mama Cass Show 1969
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NdsnFZm0X4&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joni Mitchell - All I Want (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AavxMdFiZo&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joni Mitchell - California
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fvxx8cIdn4&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joni Mitchell - Chelsea Morning (In Concert on BBC, 1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDaknZlZwc0&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joni Mitchell - For Free (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bSgoNNQ0m8&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

joni mitchell - help me (live in london 1974) HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTT54TEbolE&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joni Mitchell - Morning Morgantown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ReYQPIgs3E&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joni Mitchell - Woodstock (Live In-Studio 1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRjQCvfcXn0&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Joni Mitchell 1966 Urge for Going
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2NgDnX-Uwo&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Kingston Trio - A Worried Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1q0LNb8irA&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Kingston Trio - M.T.A. (Original mono TV version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oaVU0I_oCA&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Leaving On A Jet Plane John Denver Stereo HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BeN9033iW8&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Leonard Cohen - Bird on the Wire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8fT7rnRotY&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Leonard Cohen - Diamonds in the Mine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN-Puq2eE9M&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Leonard Cohen - Hallelujah (Live In London)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrLk4vdY28Q&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Leonard Cohen - Hey, That's No Way to Say Goodbye - High Quality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQk3wyFG6Fg&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Leonard Cohen - Lady Midnight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teBgI-I9WEA&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Leonard Cohen - Lover, Lover, Lover (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYkJuAb0mMk&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Leonard Cohen - Passing Through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnvv1Lgj9zM&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Leonard Cohen - Suzanne (Live At The Isle of Wight 1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_56ep729TE&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Leonard Cohen - Teachers (1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7UIOYALsfIA&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Leonard Cohen - Tonight Will Be Fine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRGnc2TIcMk&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Leonard Cohen - Who by Fire (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilGahIwQEQ0&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

malvina reynolds - little boxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_2lGkEU4Xs&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Mamas and the Papas - I Saw Her Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zBMK5OAGyE&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Melanie - Lay Down (Candles in the Rain (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlp3wmE4bbI&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

MELANIE Look What They've Done To My Song, Ma ('71)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r44Ach4mXE4&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Michael Row Your Boat Ashore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMszhdPbB1o&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Mr Tambourine Man The Byrds Stereo HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fUSeJtqHIKE&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Ohio- Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRE9vMBBe10&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Old Crow Medicine Show 'Union Maid'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mCgbyvb9uw&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Paradise by John Prine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEy6EuZp9IY&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Pentangle - Let No Man Steal Your Thyme (1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwT0COKXFMM&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Pentangle - Light Flight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9gCN9-Jnfg&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Pentangle - Travelling Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_q9of8OhkeQ&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Peter, Paul & Mary - 10 - Freight Train (by EarpJohn)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=968I3O6XdS4&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Peter, Paul and Mary - If I Had A Hammer (1963 performance)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxWTDcP9Y5E&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Phil Ochs - Pleasures of the Harbor (live electric)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_eAjiCzEp_E&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Phil Ochs Draft Dodger Rag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFFOUkipI4U&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Richard Farina, Mimì Baez  - Pack up your sorrows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfSeWvVdkKc&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Rocky Mountain High John Denver Stereo HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSJSSo9AEMY&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Sandy Denny - Live At The BBC (1971)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlNWdt66vzU&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Sandy Denny 1975 unseen footage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvdr_kilrw4&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Simon & Garfunkel   For Emily, Whenever I May Find Her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HQ2j-SGBZk&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Simon & Garfunkel - A Hazy Shade Of Winter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnZdlhUDEJo&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Simon & Garfunkel - America (from The Concert in Central Park)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFAoWwUwknc&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Simon & Garfunkel - April Come She Will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYD-DIggB2k&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Simon & Garfunkel - At The Zoo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xKLBne1CoI&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Simon & Garfunkel - El Condor Pasa (If I Could)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BCLb21Y7Z8&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Simon & Garfunkel - I am a rock (sub Español)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAMkM44uDgM&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Simon & Garfunkel - Keep the customer satisfied
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qx6_0Do0qGQ&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Simon & Garfunkel - Live in Paris, France - May 3, 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XrqdXMXa6s&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

SIMON & GARFUNKEL - Sound of silence   (1967 Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qn0QBXMYXsM&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Simon & Garfunkel - The Boxer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdP3nZMZQbs&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Simon & Garfunkel- Homeward Bound (LIVE in Monterey,CA 1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eoh-00L7Yho&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Sisters of Mercy - Leonard Cohen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBFQg7P5YKw&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Small Circle of Friends - Phil Ochs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMeG6dAFqXw&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Sweet Child Pentangle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyw5CVn3z9k&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

The Byrds -  My Back Pages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKKLIrOGfUo&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

The Byrds - Ballad of Easy Rider (1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8jC1lRZGTU&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

The Byrds- I Wasn't Born To Follow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hEfcawx6Fc&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

The Mamas & The Papas - Monday Monday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h81Ojd3d2rY&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

The Mamas And The Papas - California Dreamin'. Audio Gold Song ful HD.mp4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kcmwXUdDCE&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

The New Christy Minstrels ~ Green Green (1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfxgbsXeTdE&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

The Rooftop Singers  Walk Right In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQD1Jsj1d3w&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

The Seekers - A World of our Own (HQ Stereo, 1965'68)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSxwqBJLU8A&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

The Seekers - I'll Never Find Another You 1965 STEREO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmactMIhrRM&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

The Seekers - This Train (Rare Early Stereo Recording)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCwOrTLIk9w&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

The Seekers - Turn, Turn, Turn (HQ Stereo, 196667)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRg9NkIdjVs&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

tom paxton - i can't help but wonder where i'm bound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2ANwbmLHgM&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Tom Paxton - Ramblin' Boy (1964)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHXOWAsNeJU&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Tom Paxton - The Last Thing On My Mind (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08lVuhv_Va8&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

Woody Guthrie-This Land Is Your Land
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaI5IRuS2aE&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

~ IAN AND SYLVIA ~  Changes ~
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUeD6ckRIu8&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt

??Top PLAYLIST LINKS!! ??LIVE STEREO 50s-80s Soul Surf Folk Soft Hard ROCK Blues Reggae Cajun & MORE!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xqu1u-crsvc&list=PLGVAJTrZHBaNg9t7-GXeCLHsZlAL_zNKt
Top 60s Folk Ballads & Protest Songs