
Computer Basics Basic Parts of a Computer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLgTnkw558w

Computer Basics Buttons and Ports on a Computer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yq9qzw8p7FI

Computer Basics Cleaning Your Computer (1130997)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgBIsKeTLLk

Computer Basics Cleaning your Computer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdheyyNnJyk

Computer Basics Connecting to the Internet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93-3zmVvCGU

Computer Basics Creating a Safe Workspace
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NLQ3uC8_sw

Computer Basics Getting to Know Laptop Computers (1459621)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LIv2ocJXRk

Computer Basics Getting to Know Laptop Computers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LIv2ocJXRk

Computer Basics Hardware
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctAVC2JwEwI

Computer Basics Inside a Computer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HB4I2CgkcCo

Computer Basics Protecting Your Computer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mMZFoXbKqI

Computer Basics Setting Up a Desktop Computer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnM3u99xIf4

Computer Basics Understanding Applications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gMOYZoMtEs

Computer Basics Understanding Operating Systems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkGCLIQx1MI

Computer Basics What Is a Computer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cu3R5it4cQs

Computer Basics What Is the Cloud
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OO77HFcCUs

Computer maintenance tips and tricks - backup files and clean computer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXtQCK_fabw

Mac OS X Basics Getting Started with the Desktop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEQ8u3LViDU

My computer is too loud, replacing the heatsink and fan - (Performance PC series)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfPIz-AcalE

New Course Basic Computer Skills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mybYCf4Mov4

Windows 10 - Beginners Guide [Tutorial]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZqKyhfD7-E

Windows Basics Getting Started with the Desktop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jvp61NwGT8
computer basics