
'Jan & Dean' ~ Dead Man's Curve ~ #SurfCity ~ RETV62
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDrhUAVGG-c&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Abraham  Martin and John  Dion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5hFMy4pTrs&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Alice's Restaurant - Original 1967 Recording
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m57gzA2JCcM&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Alley Oop - The Hollywood Argyles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sz6IpmmYSXA&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Astrud Gilberto and Stan Getz - The Girl From Ipanema (1964) LIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVdaFQhS86E&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

B. J. Thomas - Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head  (with Lyrics) (??)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VyA2f6hGW4&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Bad Moon Rising - Creedence Clearwater Revival (HQ - 5.1 Studio )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6iRNVwslM4&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Barry McGuire - Eve Of Destruction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfZVu0alU0I&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Billy J. Kramer and the Dakotas ~ LITTLE CHILDREN  HQ AUDIO   1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRE3jeAYzMw&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Billy Joe Royal - Down In The Boondocks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BZTASZKQv8&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Blind Faith ~ Can't Find My Way Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IN1J5sMv28Q&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Blood Sweat & Tears - Spinning wheel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kK62tfoCmuQ&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Blue Cheer - Summertime Blues (1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=as1NcX31szs&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Blues MaGoos We Ain't Got Nothin' Yet 1966 NYC With Lyrics+4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh2bfT73Zig&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Bob Seger - Ramblin Gamblin Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28Pr1PnVGDE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Bobby Fuller Four - I Fought The Law(1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgtQj8O92eI&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Bobby McGee ~ Janis Joplin ~ Woodstock '69
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jn7dKI3fbYg&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Buffalo Springfield - For What It's Worth 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gp5JCrSXkJY&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Cannibal & The Headhunters   Land Of 1000 Dances
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZFzKZyyQK0&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Capitols - Cool Jerk (Original)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OX9nOCOjukQ&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Chris Montez ...Call Me (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rf4bXRMu3R4&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Classics IV - Stormy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18Sua_QTDs0&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Cream - Badge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeGyQIgvSV0&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

CREAM-White Room Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bcrkiCPNso&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Crosby, Stills, & Nash - Suite Judy Blue Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVUwrifwKrI&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

David Bowie – Space Oddity (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYYRH4apXDo&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Dawn (go away)  The Four Seasons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ke4j3tz2YX8&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Del Shannon - Runaway (HQ STUDIO1961)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSWMJxbxj7c&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Delta Lady - Joe Cocker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LGeoLvNces&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Dobie Gray - The In Crowd (Shindig)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOWO--z1S8A&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Donovan   Mellow Yellow {Stereo) Remastered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bb3WpOJvsug&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Doo Wah Diddy Manfred Mann HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uc0x7xOap4I&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Dusty (True Stereo) I Only Want To Be With You HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CL7t22rypew&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Everly Brothers  - Cathy's Clown (1960)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_fkzaAEbQg&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Every Mother's Son- - Come On Down To My Boat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTvUbAQIefA&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Fire - The Crazy World Of Arthur Brown @ TOTP 1968
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=en1uwIzI3SE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Four Tops - Baby I Need Your Loving (1966) HQ 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUOntQocGWk&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Four Tops - Reach Out (I'll Be There) (1967) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EaflX0MWRo&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

FRANK ZAPPA -- HELP I'M A ROCK & IT CAN'T HAPPEN HERE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGa27t4q4SY&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons Rag Doll 1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwuL3Up_mpg&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Gary Puckett & The Union Gap - Young Girl - HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJFVPxBpezk&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

GARY PUCKETT - THIS GIRL IS A WOMAN NOW live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2H6vY_ky9M&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Gerry & The Pacemakers - Ferry Cross The Mersey (1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08083BNaYcA&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Glen Campbell - By The Time I Get To Phoenix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUg5p3BncuQ&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Green River - Creedence Clearwater Revival (HQ - 5.1 Studio )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9gMxcixhAU&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Harpers Bizarre - 59th St. Bridge Song (Feelin' Groovy) (Video 67)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EsPkB_QVUg&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Herman's Hermits - Wonderful World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4S0DOiEA9s&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

I'm Telling You Now - Freddy And The Dreamers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lIup-Dma1I&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

IRON BUTTERFLY - IN A GADDA DA VIDA - 1968 (ORIGINAL FULL VERSION) CD SOUND & 3D VIDEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIVe-rZBcm4&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Janis Ian-Society's Child (1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbVFy7nx88Q&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Janis Joplin - Piece Of My Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uG2gYE5KOs&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Jay & The Americans  This Magic Moment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pq5XvsJdtQ&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Jeff Beck Group - I Ain't Superstitious live (1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTRawVCImI8&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Jefferson Airplane - White Rabbit, Live from Woodstock 1969 [HD] (Lyrics).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vl89g2SwMh4&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Jimi Hendrix Experience All Along The Watchtower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmGFFJtkDXA&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Johnny Rivers - Memphis (American Bandstand -  July 11, 1964)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P39nvJXrmYY&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

JOHNNY RIVERS - Secret Agent  Man 1966
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iaR3WO71j4&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Joni Mitchell - Both Sides Now (Live, 1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcrEqIpi6sg&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Kenny Rogers & The First Edition - Just Dropped In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZ8k6fVe25k&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Kind of a Drag - The Buckinghams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUyyfC7rsQY&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

King Crimson   In The Court Of The Crimson King live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrsW--Sh7YE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

King Crimson - 21st Century Schizoid Man (Live at Hyde Park 1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MM_G0IRLEx4&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Last Kiss by J.Frank Wilson and The Cavaliers 1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtR17BzIOIs&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Lemon Pipers - Green Tambourine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5Vz-z4PEkk&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Lesley Gore - It's my party live 1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbOrjHBaDzQ&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

let's dance ~Chris Montez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNLXxDMxe18&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Marianne Faithfull - As Tears Go By (1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_phZZgkT1Jk&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Martha & The Vandellas Dancing in the Streets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdvITn5cAVc&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Martha and The Vandellas - Nowhere To Run (Ready Steady Go - 1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mG9m-6dVKRI&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Mary Hopkin Those were the days lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QptZ8tYZAkE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Mason Williams - Classical Gas (1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NE6X4IQNA4&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Mony Mony by Tommy James & The Shondells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkMgs3lFwkQ&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Moody Blues - Go Now [HD]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2L3UzM_FfE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Moody Blues - Tuesday Afternoon (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPLWBhNW3FM&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Music Explosion - Little Bit of Soul (1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdsqFd-8sy8&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Mustang Sally by Wilson Pickett
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1FRrZD2y9Y&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Nancy Sinatra - These Boots Are Made for Walkin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbyAZQ45uww&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Neil Diamond -  Thank The Lord For The Night Time (Live 1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taqHL-Nl-44&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Neil Diamond - Cherry Cherry (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJP1WEHvQVw&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

New Colony Six - Things I'd Like To Say (Mercury Records - 1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZqwMt1kCDM&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Oliver  - Good Morning Starshine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whmzEXywq40&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Otis Redding - (Sittin' On) The Dock Of The Bay (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTVjnBo96Ug&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Paul Revere & the Raiders Just Like Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6TE2udxJqo&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Paul Revere and The Raiders - Kicks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IP8G4clUJBY&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Peter and Gordon - A World Without Love (HD) 1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tdx6lLvvRyg&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Petula Clark   Downtown. original version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx06XNfDvk0&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Pink Floyd - See Emily Play (1967) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5R8EpAv4miA&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Pink Floyd - Set The Controls For The Heart Of The Sun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zuEfmmCA5s&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Please Don´t Let Me Be Misunderstood- The Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHjKzr6tLz0&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Question Mark & The Mysterians - 96 Tears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7uC5m-IRns&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Ray Stevens - Gitarzan (Music Video) [from Get Serious]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=293Irm-vxtE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Richard Harris   MacArthur Park
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRwYQgk05DY&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

ROBERT PARKER - BAREFOOTIN' VIDEO FOOTAGE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azIytXgdggA&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Roger Miller - King of the Road
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qk_hPTN50UE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Royal Guardsmen - Snoopy Vs. The Red Baron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oxzg_iM-T4E&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Sam the Sham the Pharaos  -  Wooly Bully
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE_MpQhgtQ8&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

San Francisco - Scott McKenzie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bch1_Ep5M1s&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Shirley Ellis  The Nitty Gritty 1963  HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2v8IgJdsm4&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Shocking Blue - Venus (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPEhQugz-Ew&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Sly & The Family Stone Thank You (Falettinme Be Mice Elf Agin) HQ Audio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wj5VODa-eTY&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Smokey Robinson & The Miracles - Tears Of A Clown (1970) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaMX0Cs5Bc4&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Smokey Robinson & The Miracles 1960 Shop Around?????·?????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dA5509mcQd8&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Spanky and Our Gang   Like To Get To Know You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqxkdV3Odj0&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Spencer Davis Group - 'Gimme Some Lovin' Stereo Music Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxA3atHD2QM&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Status Quo - Pictures Of Matchstick Men (1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NP6RzRfVlpA&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Steve Miller Band Living in the USA live 1972
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rgu5zMWolGE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Stone Poneys - Different Drum (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGZznJXY1Xc&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Strawberry Alarm Clock - Incense & Peppermints (1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rw1_FNdy-Y&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Supremes - Baby Love 1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAWSiWtUK2s&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Tell Her No The Zombies JAR-ReMixed Stereo HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4nmxz5bQhk&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Tell Him - The Exciters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah-tui1ubnU&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The    Contours     --     Do     You    Love    Me   Video   HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3zJZ2d4cis&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Association - Windy - 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsY8l0Jg3lY&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Beach Boys - Help Me Rhonda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Te_lCF69Aw&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

THE BEE GEES  I STARTED A JOKE   1968   HQ AUDIO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrg1UAixGaM&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Bob Seger System - 2+2= With Vietnam Footage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpjAbZhtMgE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Box Tops - The Letter (Upbeat 1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIWY8UyW9bw&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Bubble Puppy - Hot Smoke & Sassafras - [original STEREO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldZYHHh0yr0&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Byrds - Eight Miles High - 9231970 - Fillmore East (Official)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ymkBEhdHBE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The CASCADES-Rhythm Of the Rain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQstQST1GiM&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Chantay's - Pipeline (Lawrence Welk Show 51863)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j09C8clJaXo&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

THE COUNT FIVE-'PSYCHOTIC REACTION',(1966).wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBTT3VPriV8&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Cowsills    Hair 1969 IN COLOR !!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qt_yKPNORLM&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Cyrkle - Red Rubber Ball (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emx6dU7suvg&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Dave Clark Five - Catch Us If You Can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJYgNqOFBLk&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Doors - People are Strange
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3CHi_9sxj0&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Easybeats - Friday On My Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBJLoYd8xak&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Electric Prunes- I Had Too Much To Dream (Last Night)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeVnbAfcwv8&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Fifth Dimension - Aquarius - Let The Sunshine In - Bubblerock Promo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPK7ZF6jfJE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Grass Roots - Midnight Confessions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nZnqtDdsws&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Guess Who - Undun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLMF5GM0Kt8&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Hollies - He Ain't Heavy, He's My Brother
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jl5vi9ir49g&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Hollies - Look Through Any Window
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F1E-9ZwoKnA&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Hollies- On A Carousel in Abbey Road 1967 (Reelin' In The Years Archives)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XRjp7vClT8&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Kingsmen - Louie Louie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EqzTiDc-1k&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

the kinks- you really got me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2GmzyeeXnQ&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Lovin' Spoonful — Summer In The City (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rts7Qdew3HE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Mamas & The Papas - California Dreamin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-aK6JnyFmk&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Mamas & The Papas - Monday Monday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h81Ojd3d2rY&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The McCoys ~ Hang On Sloopy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcHqUGZ6leI&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Moody Blues In The Beginning- Lovely To See You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AukFsBv2oDY&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

THE MURMAIDS  popsicles and icicles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5NDFot98cA&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Outsiders - Time Won´t Let Me  (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaj1wVNvSqk&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Reflections-Just Like Romeo And Juliet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycCZX-olchU&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Rolling Stones - Jumpin' Jack Flash (Official Video) [4K]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruTMp4_sy1E&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Secrets - The Boy Next Door (1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykKNZ7VfLgE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Seekers - A World of our Own (HQ Stereo, 1965'68)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSxwqBJLU8A&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Shangri-Las - Leader of the Pack (1964) Stereo HQ Audio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Ge8_6rtQvs&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Small Faces - Itchykoo Park (1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fayL1WTR1Go&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Standells - Dirty Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5apEctKwiD8&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Supremes - Stop! In The Name of Love [The Hollywood Palace - 1965]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aax5EDQMOq4&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The T.A.M.I. Show Marvin Gaye - Can I Get a Witness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8_Uh5gjUFE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Temptations - Can't Get Next To You (Live TOTP 1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Xw8euvX39I&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Temptations The Way You Do The Things You Do 1965
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iG38kyraN7Q&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Toys .......A Lovers Concerto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmJ1AqtTuyo&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Tremeloes - Silence is Golden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n03g8nsaBro&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Troggs - Wild Thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSWInYFVksg&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Turtles Elenore 1968
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f09itrlXcic&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The TURTLES ~ IT AIN'T ME BABE   1965  HD AUDIO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrfpj9P_Mys&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Ventures Walk Don't Run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owq7hgzna3E&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

THE VOGUES ~  YOUR'E THE ONE   1965
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0OZ2_IZgVs&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The WHO - I Can See For Miles (1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62ZJn0cTASo&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Yardbirds - Shapes of Things (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOc-_GpfF1w&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

The Young Rascals - Groovin' (1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JIq8Zn0AJE&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

THE YOUNGBLOODS Let´s get together 1967 Chet Powers´s song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xKVh3O4e9k&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Them - Baby Please Don't Go.mp4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Wah7MqEHFg&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

This diamond ring - Gary Lewis & the playboys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07LyClUlhqM&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Three Dog Night One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiKcd7yPLdU&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Tommy Boyce and Bobby Hart - I Wonder What She's Doing Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfnlBXLHd08&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Tommy James & The Shondells - Crystal Blue Persuasion - 1969
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDl8ZPm3GrU&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Tommy Roe - Sweet Pea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCKXxJRgVgc&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Traces of love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0r74rxvWxo&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

WALK AWAY RENEE   THE LEFT BANKE   1966
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_QVUfZv92U&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

We Five - You Were On My Mind (Live On Hollywood Palace)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_f16t1JGHo&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

What The World Needs Now Is Love Jackie DeShannon STEREO ReMix HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQ2SAtkEsqU&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

You've Lost That Loving Feeling Righteous Brothers JAR-ReMix Stereo HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOnYY9Mw2Fg&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

Zager and Evans - In The Year 2525
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yesyhQkYrQM&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

?????? ???????????????? - ???? ???? ???????? - ???????? [????]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrVbawRPO7I&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti

?? ???????????? ?????????? ???? ???????? - ???????????? ??????????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mb3iPP-tHdA&list=PLt6swLxjyFncx6OSTWzUGNh5SY8z8PHti
Forgotten 60's Songs