
Bar Talk  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJmoHxuwZHQ&pp=sAQA

Bar Talk (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtugnLmWYRg&pp=sAQA

Bar Talk (Ep. 3)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3NXkrvAbyc&pp=sAQA

Bar Talk (Ep. 4)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBUvTT4fIGo&pp=sAQA

Best Floyd Mayweather Interview  The Diego Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsdzflTXBVQ&pp=sAQA

Black and Can't Play Basketball  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3Xy0xOwmFY&pp=sAQA

Car Talk  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpBWRO4MDyw&pp=sAQA

Car Talk (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PjYYvzLQmo&pp=sAQA

Car Talk (Ep. 3)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPk02eDWA9w&pp=sAQA

Car Talk ft El Chapo (Ep. 4)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlcQFVMzd80&pp=sAQA

Christmas Songs with Diego  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApVBQpu4xJo&pp=sAQA

Cooking with White People  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhJvhfuTNDQ&pp=sAQA

Couples Therapy  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wx-CLsOEdt4&pp=sAQA

Couples Therapy (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfD3CFldKLQ&pp=sAQA

Couples Therapy (Ep. 3)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjAH7CSZPik&pp=sAQA

Couples Therapy (Ep. 4)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VGvCHSDOrU&pp=sAQA

Couples Therapy (Ep. 5)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNsftFw67S8&pp=sAQA

Couples Therapy (Ep. 6)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdDxkHK42Sc&pp=sAQA

Customer Service  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6D4mGSvEe4I&pp=sAQA

Customer Service (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_8NuOWq2Ng&pp=sAQA

Customer Service (Ep. 3)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RD68vJmJDM&pp=sAQA

Customer Service (Ep. 4)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQv_LZ9bOnM&pp=sAQA

Customer Service (Ep.5)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GelcMNgzi0o&pp=sAQA

Date Night  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7W6XbNoy7w&pp=sAQA

Date Night 2  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moxIh_-jolE&pp=sAQA

Dating Tips with Twon  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMSlNb-D8_g&pp=sAQA

Diego at the Bank  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tm19P1PMHtA&pp=sAQA

Diego Gets Coffee  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evBZFdgjXWg&pp=sAQA

Diego Gets Coffee (Again)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxC7z0Rcwx4&pp=sAQA

Diego Gets Mugged  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeAj5fWUJC0&pp=sAQA

Diego Gets Mugged (Again)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yt-_YWMSGcU&pp=sAQA

Diego Goes Clubbing  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dw1QvAfCJ74&pp=sAQA

Diego Goes Shopping  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMSXMLM4jHA&pp=sAQA

Diego Goes to Mexico  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtqEKGgugjc&pp=sAQA

Diego Sneaks Out  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqiCMfwMRrU&pp=sAQA

Diego Vlog #1  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_zxBVOF0YI&pp=sAQA

Diego's Rap  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhqYZ6hP--k&pp=sAQA

Diego's Trip to Vegas  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4u97R-AK58&pp=sAQA

DJ Khaled ft. Drake - For Free (Diego Remix)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27biuaJqBbI&pp=sAQA

Doctor Visit  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IB1M6kyIGgc&pp=sAQA

Doctor Visit (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8tVZDknvVE&pp=sAQA

Drawing Therapy  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBz4pBSIsXI&pp=sAQA

Drive-Through  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7ToXJiMDLc&pp=sAQA

Drive-Through (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ffd7QDF8Aw&pp=sAQA

Food Truck  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zgTEzMQsiE&pp=sAQA

Funniest Mike Tyson Interview Ever  The Diego Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jKCvZ9QcA6g&pp=sAQA

Funny Justin Bieber Interview  The Diego Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aGktaPzyjo&pp=sAQA

Hailee Steinfeld Won't Let Me Go  The Diego Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bo8OYPYRTIY&pp=sAQA

High News - Bernie Sanders (Ep. 3)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxZnuvZpjH0&pp=sAQA

High News - Dre Dre (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YESmJewMyzA&pp=sAQA

High News - Trending Topics  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzPl3JSclsY&pp=sAQA

High News - Weed and Trump (Ep. 4)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKP6sMpKQSM&pp=sAQA

How To Be Honest  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJK8GXVvKkA&pp=sAQA

I Need a Job  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIL4kaJD2Cg&pp=sAQA

Job Interview  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IkQ2vm9GcY&pp=sAQA

Job Interview (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aDw_NyOOEw&pp=sAQA

KASKADE IS THE BEST DJ IN THE WORLD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_TheUIUq-M&pp=sAQA

Meet Benita  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lXqvtv9lrU&pp=sAQA

Meet Diego  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dgx7EU66fQ&pp=sAQA

Meet Sam  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nalIKI8EAo&pp=sAQA

Meet Sarah  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3Fcrq9WlOo&pp=sAQA

Meet the Carls  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBYsu3nrosk&pp=sAQA

Meet Twon  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42oxbm1NDb4&pp=sAQA

Music with Diego (Ep. 2)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bw7GnjRmUEY&pp=sAQA

Music with Diego (Ep. 3)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G3gC6P8NX18&pp=sAQA

Music with Diego (Ep. 4)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74ADVBnrWt8&pp=sAQA

Music with Diego (Ep. 5)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNzPxhiTUMs&pp=sAQA

Music with Diego (Ep. 6)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Loben2jHW-s&pp=sAQA

Parking Ticket  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzfsIf9EAlE&pp=sAQA

Passing Notes  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrTLoIKTHlQ&pp=sAQA

Police Chase After Diego (Part One)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xIQ5NszCOA&pp=sAQA

Police Chase After Diego (Part Two)  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJSwr90CPaM&pp=sAQA

Puppet Court  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSJu6jOZft8&pp=sAQA

Puppet Presidential Debate  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcxlCp_rgOw&pp=sAQA

Puppet Therapy  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhJumGfrAks&pp=sAQA

Racist Workout  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_k-02-WQkYY&pp=sAQA

Rich Husband  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25hOg5rcjOA&pp=sAQA

Sam Gets Kidnapped  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5i2WU74kukY&pp=sAQA

Taxes  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYeWBSFoGlk&pp=sAQA

The Translator  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6_q0MwImTE&pp=sAQA

Truth or Dare  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEOK0vhJAcQ&pp=sAQA

What is a Side Chick King Bach Explains  The Diego Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBZ7buawGzs&pp=sAQA

World's Longest Minute  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcHmTmrgbA4&pp=sAQA

Worst Uber Experience  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HePBbo0fZ6c&pp=sAQA

Wrong Party  Awkward Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7VYMMYJ_9k&pp=sAQA
Awkward Puppets