
Best Manager - Bored Ep 47  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDBGELeUXJk&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Clever way to stop people stealing - Open Door.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmWHKYho3rU&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Complaints Pile - Bored Ep 127  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dd8-PBTHtv0&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Finger Bang - Bored Ep 62  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfUQ_EWRWB4&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Floor Model - Bored Ep82 (The manager is always right)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YzBMyoe3gM&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Free Laptop - Bored Ep 122  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PywO1W9SPHQ&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

How to give constructive feedback - Compliment Sandwich.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPVnOonSO-s&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

How to run a store from outside - Locked Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-acBDIQQs4&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

How to talk to attractive women in retail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GB01rSkSS94&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Learning the addiction of Reddit the hard way - Reddit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJpCIaOYWZQ&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Lewis (The white shirt origins) - Bored Ep 54  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P81mRIBR3fg&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Mac Gamer - Bored Ep5  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYv3-HfRNcA&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Mac Repair - Bored Ep 27  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCrfWmaBy6k&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Millionaire - Bored Ep 128 (winning the lottery jackpot)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lezClLnD8o8&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Monopoly - Bored Ep 66 (board games vs sad news phone call)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfzHlkNrwqg&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Old Friends - Bored Ep 51  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWIS0fArF-k&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Personal life vs work life - Bad Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9k_x3VBo1I&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Pokemon Go Battle Goes Wrong! - Bored Ep 37  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNTiYCLxDjI&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Precious - Bored Ep 52  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7qSm1_Bywo&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Reddicted - Bored Ep4  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqqHlkND-Xw&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Return of the King - Bored Ep 55  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-bEhd9gq-g&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Rock, Paper, Scissors, GUN! (Warning strong language and graphic violence)  Viva La Dirt League.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvCAjVejhhY&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Team building with your boss - Simon Says.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efZZcWSjlj8&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

The Gold Shirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77nJkl_0CXo&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

The Red Shirt - Bored Ep8  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-dp22vqmM0&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

The Robber - Bored Ep 18  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0QgBX4WFKQ&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

The Superman Effect - Bored Ep 48  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8ou7oq6Td8&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

The White Shirt - Bored Ep 50  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EOI2MeLZP8&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Three Quick Things - Bored Ep 41  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IasNPO_5FI&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Treat - Bored Ep112 (when a manager rewards you)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNFgjEq1chk&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

True Colors - Bored Ep 53  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncSr2pW7QrI&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

Using Air Quotes wrong your entire life - Air Quotes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DqoQq1zME8&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

When customers insist on fighting - Argument.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOrad5oK88U&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

When sales go wrong - Great Deal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFuDhsxazqs&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

When you co-worker makes a mistake - Shame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdyD-Ig25GY&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

When your boss is straight up lying - Lies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vvl3jNqsNkY&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt

You lick it you keep it - Lick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_zVeukb9d8&list=PLpRGvk0A-4YxXrMr5mggTqipkvwyCMoYt
Playtech