
Bill Haley & His Comets - Rock Around The Clock (1955) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgdufzXvjqw&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Blueberry hill - Fats Domino Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxZ5iVhQ6iI&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Bo Diddley - Bo Diddley (1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPVKQ9n5604&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Buddy Holly & The Crickets - That'll be the Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RU769ErbfxU&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Chuck Berry - Maybelline (1955)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjrQWU2EcsA&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Clyde McPhatter & The Drifters - Money Honey (1953)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8oNHMNCSjQ&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Eddie Cochran - Summertime Blues (Town Hall Party - 1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti38LFY7x1Y&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Elvis Presley - Don't Be Cruel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViMF510wqWA&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock (Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj0Rz-uP4Mk&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

elvis presley-hound dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzQ8GDBA8Is&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Everly Brothers - Bye Bye Love - Original HQ Audio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRyrWN-fftE&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

FATS DOMINO - AIN'T THAT A SHAME 1955
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6JZW7zMDfY&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Hank Williams sr.     Your Cheatin`Heart. wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntZHU-Ue6ds&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Huey Piano Smith - Rockin' Pneumonia and the Boogie Woogie Flu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUrASJk5WBU&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

I walk the line - Young Johnny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEV58ztuihs&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

In the Still of the Night-The Five Satins-original song-1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRb1-SAAIzs&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Little Richard - Good Golly Miss Molly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ6h0kyqSRk&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Little Richard - Long Tall Sally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFFgbc5Vcbw&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Little Richard - Rip It Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pc_F3PaYgl0&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Little Richard - Tutti Frutti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F13JNjpNW6c&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

little willie John    Fever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRrEQcEG5KY&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

LLOYD PRICE   Lawdy Miss Clawdy   1952
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYO263wui1w&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

School Days - Chuck Berry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHG5-GxI_Es&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

The Crew Cuts - Sh Boom Sh Boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9G0-4TWwew&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

The Penguins - Earth Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

The Platters - The Great Pretender - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwfmbXJEBtY&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

Why Do Fools Fall In Love-Frankie Lymon+The Teenagers-1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sAHiR0rkJg&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs
1950 - 100 Greatest Rock 'n' Roll Songs of the 50s