
.38 Special- Hold on Loosely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyhMgXmR3w4&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Abba - The Name Of The Game (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyhMgXmR3w4&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Ace - How Long Has Then Been Going On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBhwfMdxCPI&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Ambrosia - Biggest Part of Me (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOm0Dq_kKNU&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Ambrosia - How Much I Feel (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOm0Dq_kKNU&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

AMBROSIA - You're The Only Woman  ((Stereo))
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOm0Dq_kKNU&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

America - Sister Golden Hair (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOm0Dq_kKNU&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

ATLANTA RHYTHM SECTION So Into You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iNrV6lIW9A&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Atlanta Rhythm Section-'Imaginary Lover'-1978
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iNrV6lIW9A&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Bertie Higgins - Key Largo (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iNrV6lIW9A&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Bread - Lost Without Your Love (1977)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duvUutB_TWU&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Bread - Sweet Surrender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDZuPK63HKI&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Bread Everything I own.wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Q1kB0R4Ijs&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

chevy van
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiEIToOWr64&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Dan Hill - Sometimes When We Touch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVf940pO5ME&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Dave Mason We Just Disagree 45rpm vinyl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChX4C56kITc&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Dream Weaver - Gary Wright
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xvh9NFzUqwM&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

England Dan & John Ford Coley...Love is the Answer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xvh9NFzUqwM&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Exile - kiss you all over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GymGszRFN8&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Firefall - You Are The Woman (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCXdZU-ScuM&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Fleetwood Mac - Dreams [with lyrics]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrZRURcb1cM&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Fleetwood Mac - Rhiannon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDkKyBU7GCs&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Fooled Around and Fell in Love ~ Elvin Bishop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDkKyBU7GCs&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Gilbert O'Sullivan - Alone Again (original version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDkKyBU7GCs&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

goodbye girl - bread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXYWoUlGU8k&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Hamilton, Joe Frank & Reynolds - Fallin' In Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXYWoUlGU8k&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

I'M NOT IN LOVE - 10cc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rgepWg4rzw&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

If - Bread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGfVOdTiUEc&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

It's Sad to Belong - England Dan & John Ford Coley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGfVOdTiUEc&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Michael Johnson - Bluer than blue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdDSJ2NddyE&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Michael McDonald - I Keep Forgettin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjqOsYRQI0o&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

orleans-dance with me [lyrics]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jniYhg8il_c&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

PAUL DAVIS -  Cool Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29Su4UIy7Yc&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Paul Davis - Sweet Life (1977)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZR1YPRim_Y&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Player - Baby Come Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn-enjcgV1o&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Please Come To Boston-Dave Loggins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCOn9NiSgfs&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

POCO - Crazy Love [w lyrics]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIZt2uyu4-4&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

POCO Crazy Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQ3ZSnt5fB8&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

robbie dupree   -   hot rod hearts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAsBuABX1p4&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Seals & Crofts - We May Never Pass This Way (Again)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAsBuABX1p4&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Sharing the night together with lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43CUYJdo9lE&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Stevie Nicks - Edge of Seventeen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dn8-4tjPxD8&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H

Todd Rundgren - Hello It's Me  (1972)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLeCB7Kn-VE&list=PLeXE5DUbWBqVKwNqJrX9ITPAEW_RC736H
70's SOFT ROCK CLASSICS (for late nights & rainy days) cool collection of 70's singers and songwriters and classic love songs; the favorites