
7 Second Challenge (feat. Tyde Levi)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnakl33Gmzc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

ASKING STRANGERS REDDIT QUESTIONS (feat. Alexis G. Zall)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGGaVBHbieg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Attempting to Decorate Gingerbreads with Tiny Hands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgkLu29IKv4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

AWKWARD TALKS WITH STRANGERS (feat. Harrison Webb)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5uVO_kgBjE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Best Friends Play Truth or Dare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kouUbpu1dO0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Chrissy Teigen Made Us Banana Bread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6j9_UWcsKc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Christine Sydelko and I Ask Strangers About Sex  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3YBu4bD8yI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

CHRISTINE SYDELKO'S EXTREMELY POINTLESS CAR RIDE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XbpdjMu4wE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

CONSIDERING ANAL WITH STRANGERS (with Amy Ordman)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RosdlDHi3sg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Drunk Prank Calls (MESSY)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsOzGdb1DK0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Drunk vs. High Trivia (with Brittany Broski)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9t4tEV43NQQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Exclusive Interview with Adele (with Amy Ordman and Miles McKenna)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vo9qZMhs5jc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

GROWN ADULTS FAIL AT ELEMENTARY MATH TESTS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dQQxuUAN4c&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

HOW TO Be a Stereotypical American (feat. PascaleDeBom)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I42Zabysc0w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

I ATE A DOG (feat. Taylor Baxter)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xyQswD7Pzk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

I Got A Girl Pregnant! (feat. Diane Kang)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0XmH0Y1hic&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

I Have a New Roommate...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cC5zXB7x5A&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

I Interviewed a 2020 Presidential Candidate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bP7EdBiCeaQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

I Let Claudia Sulewski Dye My Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSu4UiqeXDc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

I Let My Postmate Pick Our Food Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLTZ0IWeVog&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

I Played What's In the Box (with Carly and Erin)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ6CdvCxgMI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

INTERVIEWING DRUNK STRANGERS (with OrinsEyes)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTjPInHFpl0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Interviewing Jake Paul's Neighbors  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0214qYnzBE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

JUSTIN BIEBER NUDES (feat. Joey Kidney)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dFV-yLzKTs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

More of My Worst Celebrity Encounters (STORY TIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xalNwzKxaVU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Most Likely To Roommates Edition (with Christine Sydelko & Andrew Lowe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge7vI_1eqo8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

MOST LIKELY TO WITH MY ROOMMATES!! (NO BOUNDARIES)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyuS1MspFkk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

MY MOM'S EXTREMELY POINTLESS CAR RIDE  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMJ2i936_sU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Prank Calling Basic LA Hotspots as Instabaddies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieEcHHeEpTU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Prank Calling in Sick From Jobs I Don't Have (with Andrew Lowe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfNz3f6Ticc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

REAL LIFE FCK, MARRY, KILL WITH STRANGERS (with Amy Ordman and Alexis G Zall)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HT0uU2MEssk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Really Awkward Prank Calls (with Andrew Lowe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyLhGBjXEN4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Roasting YouTuber Getty Photos with HauteLeMode (BRUTALLY HONEST)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVvKiFVrlZ4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Roommates Play Truth or Drink (very messy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jriwfShPLtM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Roommates Shop at Goodwill for Each Other
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-NcNcztOIA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

SEDUCING STRANGERS (feat. Pierson Oglesby)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb2RBC-brpM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

STRANGERS BRUTALLY ROAST OUR INSTAGRAMS (feat. Andrew Lowe)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frUyICPvRZ8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

STRANGERS DO OUR MAKEUP (feat. Nikki Phillippi)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXEbSw_CSj4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

STRANGERS GIVE THE TALK 2... (feat. Ben J. Pierce)   Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyo-2cXp1mk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

STRANGERS GIVE THE TALK... (feat. Alexis G. Zall)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbqYZk8fqWA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

STRANGERS INTERPRET SONG LYRICS COACHELLA EDITION (feat. Hayley Williams)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxJZfSfwR7k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

STRANGERS REACT TO FCKBOY MUSICAL.LYS (feat. Andrew Lowe)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOIJt3Vaa84&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

STRANGERS REACT TO OUR NUDES (feat. Lena the Plug)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWLmVJo32bA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

STRANGERS REACT TO PILLOWTALK BY ZAYN (feat. Christian Leave)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtV4DpN6Xb8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Strangers React to Victoria's Secret Fashion Show (feat. AmandasChronicles)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-6-zyRwUXU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

TALKING GIBBERISH TO STRANGERS (feat. Christine Sydelko)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDSuKW4z9Lo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

TEACHING STRANGERS GAY SLANG (feat. Ryan Charch)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF1y3rqJAaI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Amy Ordman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mv8hnU5yNZU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Andrew Lowe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0EYZtqfeuw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Carly and Erin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IxvYoHM-E8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Claudia Sulewski
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRYxmSFdTpk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Elle Mills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSUWX_sdx-g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Lexie Lombard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVsu8qlKlAg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Matt King
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaKq4d0tfjA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Shannon Beveridge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQXNQurvUVA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Tana Mongeau
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPDzhGFybZA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Tina Woods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xb7o0Ej2CLY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

The Ultimate Mukbang with Trisha Paytas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfyKM996ylQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Trying Sushi for the First Time with Elle Mills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mG02CWLhkHc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

U.S. History With Strangers (feat. TooTurntTina)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GUvY3KhADw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Unleashing Our Inner Girlboss (with Luke Meagher)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQHN7bm0Np8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Vegan Fast Food Taste Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5PiAfK2JGE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

WATCHING WEIRD PORN WITH STRANGERS (feat. Ayydubs)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lowW4uElroY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

We Prank Called Our Followers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APvUaGCkTsY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

What Guys Look For In Girls (feat. Kevin Droniak & Aaron Idelson)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRMw2hzYdBI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

WHY ONE DIRECTION BROKE UP (feat. Tyde Levi)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOPdDEfo1r0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

Your Daily Reminder (feat. Joey Kidney)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ET4MwfatVWw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

YouTube Collabs in a Nutshell... (feat. Pascale De Bom)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LYBje7oOas&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr

YouTuber Impressions Challenge (with FransFlogs)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esr1IMChiEw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nT3AB_PxNLE-DZn9VBCNtsr
COLLABS  Chris Klemens