
1.  Linux   Copy,Move & Rename Files.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOJWE_57nH0

2.  Linux   Creating Files.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODYVXpUlzyY

3.  Linux   Delete Files.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAR0v-nAyV0

4.  Linux   Directory Management.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6efqfFSl9Gs

5.  Linux   Directory Structure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9bC-v3DHHE

6.  Linux   Display File Content.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95p2bC7FcSU

7.  Linux   Distributions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2nTVOOxkqE

8.  Linux   Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzEd3yojcHo

9.  Linux   Standard Linux Streams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hT0enlwW5Y

10.  Linux  - Shell function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91J4TFBtwk8

11.  Linux  - System logging.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sr4WdcWtXUE

12.  Linux  File Management.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZALT79IWtvU

13.  Linux -  GREP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBRrIXhGYz0

14.  Linux -  Shell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1SyccjXuuaM

15.  Linux - Adding users to group.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPr5HKuQPgA

16.  Linux - Advanced user and group management.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4abbp7sY0A

17.  Linux - Arithmetic operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jw2pgAZPSbo

18.  Linux - Basic shell scripting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7usZ9PI4dbw

19.  Linux - Basic utilities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoEYu8lYXh0

20.  Linux - Boolean operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzEiQRlFcQ4

21.  Linux - Break statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoLXSRx_zUw

22.  Linux - Case esac statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UI1vlgNRcQ

23.  Linux - Change owner or group of file.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1yquC55Y-A

24.  Linux - Continuous statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkHe6VshHzM

25.  Linux - Control shell loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3u3vtw-u_Pw

26.  Linux - File editors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2yeTZ4bsYE

27.  Linux - File level access control lists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZ2xEzv3BIE

28.  Linux - File Permissions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-uA9RnK4UY

29.  Linux - File system.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vv054ScwCv4

30.  Linux - File systems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fc01xb9iTAk

31.  Linux - File test operator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2d2o54qwns

32.  Linux - Finding files in linux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtx6OS0JA54

33.  Linux - I O Redirection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peNvyHQKAQw

34.  Linux - If else statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqMZ8GC9I8A

35.  Linux - Introduction Shell Substitution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61BXVkcq1hc

36.  Linux - Managing users password.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knc62IZjrmU

37.  Linux - Manual pages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfomltsNKwE

38.  Linux - Nano editors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zm_U8h4Ry24

39.  Linux - Pipes and filters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPYsoiT99Xk

40.  Linux - Regular expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BIq4ncw_pc

41.  Linux - Relational operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAzQVTQPPFo

42.  Linux - Set file permission using octal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-9o4cnnBJw

43.  Linux - Set file permissions using symbolic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8ZVFAl-zYg

44.  Linux - Set variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLWbOzpvkog

45.  Linux - Shell arrays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMmeDzbbcn0

46.  Linux - Shell decision making.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=matK8nXXpG4

47.  Linux - Shell operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztclukfj3-I

48.  Linux - Shell quoting mechanism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqdOrKqSx-o

49.  Linux - Special variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJF_nFPdYp8

50.  Linux - String operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6s3sKkLtKNk

51.  Linux - Suid and guid permission.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqVTZRyBwts

52.  Linux - System performance (1400910).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTUC29GIu9o

53.  Linux - System performance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uw8rm7sKbuU

54.  Linux - Traps and signals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0XanAWDJ3Q

55.  Linux - Types of linux shells.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgCA2u_QJcc

56.  Linux - Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJA0pGFmyDg

57.  Linux - Vim editors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqqdIUJgawc

58.  Tutorix Brings Simply Easy Learning (1197246).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lezQQ0d1pxc

59.  Tutorix Brings Simply Easy Learning (1981670).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lezQQ0d1pxc

60.  Tutorix Brings Simply Easy Learning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lezQQ0d1pxc

61.  Tutorix Simply Easy Learning Steps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iJn6quPp50
Linux Online Training