
1.  BAKING A CAKE (for myself).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zodjv-1VGjo

2.  baking a cake for my dog lol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBGmT5KYNPI

3.  COOKING MY FAVORITE MEAL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWMd_nHq7-4

4.  Horrible Youtube Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aktyXRudwk

5.  I MADE THE BAKED FETA PASTA FROM TIKTOK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNQYEjcyQvk

6.  I Tried Making Sausages and It Was A Disaster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQOnz7I6tJE

7.  MAKING A PIZZA (for myself).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oyc3-m_QFg

8.  making CRISPY RICE w SPICY TUNA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIdg6gE_hPQ

9.  making FLUFFY PANCAKES (japanese soufflé pancakes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q2wDBfBy6wA

10.  making homemade mac n cheese ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIf5wr2KAHo

11.  making KOREAN FRIED CHEESE CORN DOGS (from a tiktok recipe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RipHi3xAq8

12.  making STRAWBERRY BOBA (from a tiktok recipe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20EsDbo1ATU

13.  Master of Salt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrUobE7uCeM

14.  My Favorite Chef.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Z9hfjYVyUs

15.  No Words Can Describe This Chef's Strange Cooking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvwE0wyL7f0

16.  playing THE NEW PACIFY LEVEL (woods).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_dm0xzHM1k

17.  Return of the Salt Master.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3COMdp4iYIo

18.  The Scariest Cooking Show on Youtube.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pV0JoKWsJno

19.  The Worst Chef on Youtube.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3sAYuOsqbA

20.  The Worst Cooking on Youtube.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhJa5fZUfT8

21.  The Worst Recipes on Youtube.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84T80yAitjk
Cooking