
1.  14th Annual Divine Mercy Medicine, Bioethics & Spirituality Conference — Questions and Answers Panel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xSg0Ca9wxI

2.  Bryan Thatcher, MD — Being a Reflection of God's Mercy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHyqvaIq0Sg

3.  Caring for the Health of the Homeless — Brother Michael T Duffy, OFMConv., DNP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLFBMnCIecI

4.  Fr. Mark Yavarone, OMV — Bioethics Transgenderism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSwSivoIP1c

5.  Fr. Mark Yavarone, OMV — Veritatis Splendor and Amoris Laetitia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-Y4lXUtfQY

6.  Fr. Seraphim Michalenko, MIC — The Image of Divine Mercy in Light of Fatima.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_CAWAehvm0

7.  Fr. Seraphim Michalenko, MIC — The Need to be Connected to the Holy Spirit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3-Z101j0zM

8.  Gowri Anandarajah, MD — Patient-Centered Spiritual Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V694YKXMb2Q

9.  How a Pulmonary Embolism Changed My Life — Fr. Chris Alar, MIC.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etbfUKtj-qI

10.  How Healthcare Providers can Intercede for the Infirm — Dr. Ron Sobecks, Cleveland Clinic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62Ap4OlS6dI

11.  How Your Faith Can Help Your Patients Suffering from Illnesses — The Very Rev. Kaz Chwalek, MIC.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkVH5G2mvGU

12.  Marian Spirituality for Healthcare Professionals — Sr. Ângela de Fátima Coelho, MD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rEdUQ690Bf0

13.  Most Rev. Bishop Robert McManus, M.A., STD — Catholic & Religious Directive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pb0vtugOHm0

14.  Mother of Mercy Messengers at the 14th Annual Divine Mercy Healthcare Conference.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-CmRxv0p1yo

15.  Physician Assisted Suicide The Abandonment of the Hippocratic Oath — Dr. Mark Rollo, MD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEVC4UflT7I

16.  Ronald M. Sobecks, MD — Models of Humility in Clinical Practice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUt3xbWZSuM

17.  Sr. Ângela de Fátima Coelho, MD — Suffering in the Lives of the Fatima Visionaries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QezW2ltEXkg

18.  The First Ever Beatified Registered Nurse — Blessed Hanna Chrzanowska — Marie Romagnano, RN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oM73DjDQOVQ

19.  The Source of Mercy is Within You — Sister M. Alicja Zelmanska, OLM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyGWyxqrI2E

20.  The Spiritual Assessment of Patients — Kathleen Scoble, RN, and Marie Romagnano, RN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dxhf-0JoKV0
14th Annual Divine Mercy Medicine, Bioethics, and Spirituality Conference