
1.  ambiguity in grammar  TOC  Lec-59  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdI2TI7zefY

2.  ambiguity in grammar example 1  TOC  Lec-60  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iFtFJUkw2k

3.  ambiguity in grammar example 2   TOC  Lec-61  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5639CLulk0

4.  cfg to pda conversion  conversion   TOC  Lec-84  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mehO_4R7D6o

5.  Chomsky normal form   TOC  Lec-69  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uNRMAU8t4I

6.  closure properties of regular languages  Part-1 TOC  Lec-44  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaTHCo6Ns5I

7.  closure properties of regular languages  Part-2  TOC  Lec-45  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1wTU4kjZHs

8.  complexity classes  P & NP  TOC  Lec-96  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yHYbz-Hec8

9.  context free grammar in automata  Example-2  TOC  Lec-50  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtRBEjBSNnA

10.  context free grammar in automata  Example-3  TOC  Lec-51  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FORd2Sf9pfQ

11.  context free grammar in automata Example-1  TOC  Lec-49  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyjB5xW0tQc

12.  context free grammer  Introduction  TOC  Lec-48  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9LrKPZsu40

13.  conversion of NFA to DFA example  Part-2  TOC   Lec-20  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIIYyVCPKQk

14.  conversion of nfa to dfa examples  Part-1  TOC   Lec-19  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syjJutOdLnI

15.  convert regular expression to finite automata  examples  TOC  Lec-43  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_KRbXPCGWg

16.  convert regular expression to finite automata  TOC  Lec-42  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiJuCKLQEjQ

17.  converting CFG to CNF  steps  TOC  Lec-70  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTontnRJiNc

18.  converting CFG to CNF example  TOC  Lec-71  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7G0PwGrdlH8

19.  converting CFG to GNF example - 2  TOC  Lec-74  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cEpXxP0z-E

20.  converting CFG to GNF example-1  TOC  Lec-73  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=447aBp1M6C4

21.  derivation in theory of computation  TOC  Lec-52  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_Gk_xPP8zc

22.  derivation tree  TOC  Lec-56  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLw6OoDeuf0

23.  derivation tree example 1  TOC  Lec-57  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrHczBql0cE

24.  derivation tree Example 2  TOC  Lec-58  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgM3NYDREy4

25.  deterministic finite automata (DFA)  TOC   Lec-9  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqknGBJqchc

26.  dfa example with solution  Part-1  TOC   Lec-10  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6bwSnoTniY

27.  dfa example with solution  Part-2  TOC   Lec-11  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9FZYPT6X8Q

28.  dfa example with solution  Part-3  TOC   Lec-12  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwWkw8gNCcA

29.  elimination of epsilon production   TOC  Lec-67  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIm_yChkLIM

30.  equivalence of two FA example  TOC   Lec-22  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wtWR6xF-Mk

31.  equivalence of two finite automata  TOC   Lec-21  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQTcNUPJlws

32.  finite automata  applications & different type  TOC   Lec-8  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2S4At1yakug

33.  finite automata  TOC   Lec-6  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8g1AUtdayt0

34.  griebach normal form   TOC  Lec-72  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_xUKj1oGL8

35.  halting problem  Turing Machine(TM)  TOC  Lec-95  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Q9qAM2htII

36.  languages & operations  TOC   Lec-5  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zq-MZf-zAog

37.  leftmost and rightmost derivations  Example-1  TOC  Lec-53  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_aMajzrKF4

38.  leftmost and rightmost derivations  Example-2  TOC  Lec-54  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GF7PYeA2Pwk

39.  leftmost and rightmost derivations  Example-3  TOC  Lec-55  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fE7A0a0jQNc

40.  mealy and moore machine  differences  TOC  Lec-33 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lH_qfCTh9Co

41.  Mealy machine  TOC   Lec-25 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUtn8iI7b4U

42.  mealy machine design  Example1  TOC   Lec-26 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Et7Kv-p-acs

43.  mealy machine design  Example2  TOC   Lec-27 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj-KwpMqGHI

44.  mealy machine design  Example3   TOC   Lec-28 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_G0Xjm5CfI

45.  mealy to moore conversion  TOC  Lec-34 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1UaAluDGqY

46.  mealy to moore example  TOC  Lec-35  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYCmNXjDVVE

47.  mealy to moore example 2  TOC  Lec-36  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKOGsHPelc0

48.  minimization of DFA  TOC   Lec-23 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VeFvQoRuXk

49.  minimization of DFA example  TOC   Lec-24 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53qT4NZ3nOo

50.  moore machine  TOC   Lec-29 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mbPgbGXSvs

51.  moore machine design  Example1  TOC   Lec-30 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSjEKhUY9ok

52.  moore machine design  Example2  TOC  Lec-31 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMR2zek_e2c

53.  moore machine design  Example3  TOC  Lec-32 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zj8krqoBw0

54.  moore to mealy machine conversion  Example-1  TOC  Lec-37  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOqa-nI2lGI

55.  moore to mealy machine conversion  Example-2   TOC  Lec-38  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqZyBVR9Dr0

56.  moore to mealy machine conversion  Example-3  TOC  Lec-39  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm1FQIeQlmc

57.  nfa and dfa differences  TOC   Lec-18  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZp7CJwe6nw

58.  NFA example  Part-1  TOC   Lec-14  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=764ITgEu-KU

59.  NFA example  Part-2  TOC   Lec-15  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcyDv1bWR1k

60.  NFA example  Part-3  TOC   Lec-16  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws3014s6ncY

61.  nfa with epsilon   TOC   Lec-17  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlYCzNDJVYo

62.  non deterministic finite automata (NFA)  TOC   Lec-13  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKCAPVaU0Qk

63.  power of alphabet  TOC  Lec-4  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnaCgVn29fU

64.  pumping lemma example  Part-1  TOC  Lec-76  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91Ukv82n6T4

65.  pumping lemma example  Part-2  TOC  Lec-77 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfkv6BDixas

66.  pumping lemma for RL  TOC  Lec-46  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5M20ka_sULM

67.  pumping lemma for RL example  TOC  Lec-47  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxOmsdW_tJQ

68.  pumping lemmafor CFL  TOC  Lec-75  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ww4m4UJTbWE

69.  pushdown automata (PDA)  terminologies used  TOC  Lec-80 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oC3z3jyh-I

70.  pushdown automata (PDA) acceptance   TOC  Lec-81  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFR2gkejEnk

71.  pushdown automata (PDA) in TOC  Introduction  Part-12 Lec-78 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTV9RPIsdW4

72.  pushdown automata (PDA) in TOC  Introduction  Part-22 Lec-79 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANEy0U92VBQ

73.  pushdown automata example  Part-12   TOC  Lec-82  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntrF_KxHn18

74.  pushdown automata example  Part-22  TOC  Lec-83  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gU3scx0E0JI

75.  Recursive & Recursively enumerable languages  TOC  Lec-94  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mX9lULtwO0s

76.  regular expression  Examples  TOC  Lec-41  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNMD1wE3TDM

77.  regular expressions in theory of automata   TOC  Lec-40  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FG0REWfuL0

78.  removal of unit production  CFG   TOC  Lec-68  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kidmQIu0lrU

79.  removal of useless symbols  CFG  TOC  Lec-66  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnteU4oGMuY

80.  sempty, lenght, concatenation of string  TOC  Lec-3  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0Obv_cJLpI

81.  simplification of CFG   TOC  Lec-65  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=603fO3xPIAo

82.  symbol, alphabet, string  basic definations  TOC   Lec-2  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQRUkXhwHa4

83.  TOC introduction  TOC  Lec-1  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCiZZiqVv9w

84.  transition diagrams, table and function  finite automata  TOC   Lec-7  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaD7zcjGU28

85.  turing machine  Example-1  TOC  Lec-90  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSpeMO52Wxo

86.  turing machine  Example-2  TOC  Lec-91 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDsmAKJ8_fM

87.  Turing machine ( TM)   Introduction  Part-12  TOC  Lec-85  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xpB9r13fYQ

88.  Turing machine (TM)   Introduction  Part-22   TOC  Lec-86  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STh3_6E5PQQ

89.  Turing machine (TM)  operation on tape  TOC  Lec-87 Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbW8nFdIpwI

90.  Turing machine(TM) language   TOC  Lec-89  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRlMCRm0-Ak

91.  turing thesis  turing machine  TOC  Lec-88  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3AQsBE8xSI

92.  unambiguous grammar   TOC  Lec-62  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SMEMtRVbx0

93.  unambiguous grammar example 1  TOC  Lec-63  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQ2rPI9gp3A

94.  unambiguous grammar example 2  TOC  Lec-64  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bbr3u5bNnYY

95.  variants of TM  Multihead & Offline   Part-22  TOC  Lec-93  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ll_lVVZZOwI

96.  variants of TM  Multitape & Non deterministic  Part-12   TOC  Lec-92  Bhanu Priya.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zz2bVMJ1wIU
Theory of Computation ( TOC )