
A brain in a supercomputer  Henry Markram
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LS3wMC2BpxU

Aaron Huey America's native prisoners of war
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tEuaj4h8dw

Andrew McAfee Are droids taking our jobs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMF-Z74C1QE

Baba Shiv Sometimes it's good to give up the driver's seat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tal0NkWW1E

Barry Schuler An introduction to genomics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xJXZBCOWMY

Becky Blanton The year I was homeless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvvjDOtS2sw

Benoit Mandelbrot Fractals and the art of roughness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay8OMOsf6AQ

Bjorn Lomborg Global priorities bigger than climate change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dtbn9zBfJSs

Bruce Bueno de Mesquita predicts Iran's future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts5MKtXNpMQ

Bruce Schneier The security mirage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQJC2MMB8nA

Carl Safina The oil spill's unseen culprits, victims
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gouSXt2zE4

Class Day Lecture 2009 The Uniqueness of Humans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrCVu25wQ5s

Dan Barber A surprising parable of foie gras
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvrgD0mAFoU

Daniel Goldstein The battle between your present and future self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1Z_oufuQg4

Daniel Wolpert The real reason for brains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s0CpRfyYp8

Dave deBronkart Meet e-Patient Dave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTxvic-NnAM

Deb Roy The birth of a word
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RE4ce4mexrU

Ed Gavagan A story about knots and surgeons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhMi0tkYyT8

Eric Mead The magic of the placebo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cb_6PPBJJB8

Eric Topol The wireless future of medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTZM9X3JfTk

Ethan Zuckerman How to listen to global voices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXPJVwwEmiM

Exploring the mind of a killer  Jim Fallon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2V0vOFexY4

Gary Flake is Pivot a turning point for web exploration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LT_x9s67yWA

Geoffrey West The surprising math of cities and corporations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyCY6mjWOPc

Golan Levin makes art that looks back at you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G0MzlfMPuM

Hans Rosling Debunking third-world myths with the best stats you've ever seen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUwS1uAdUcI

How algorithms shape our world  Kevin Slavin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDaFwnOiKVE

How architecture helped music evolve  David Byrne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Se8kcnU-uZw

How Arduino is open-sourcing imagination  Massimo Banzi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoBUXOOdLXY

How great leaders inspire action  Simon Sinek (1439169)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp0HIF3SfI4

How great leaders inspire action  Simon Sinek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp0HIF3SfI4

How to spot a liar  Pamela Meyer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_6vDLq64gE

Iain Hutchison Saving faces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5ZJ6bK1EIc

If I should have a daughter ...  Sarah Kay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0snNB1yS3IE

Impossible photography  Erik Johansson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mc0vhSseGk4

Isabel Behncke Evolution's gift of play, from bonobo apes to humans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjBwhwe5-cc

Jason Clay How big brands can help save biodiversity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcp5vvxtEaU

Jonathan Drori Why we don't understand as much as we think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hJCxSiH4ts

Joshua Walters On being just crazy enough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruvWiXowiZ8

Juan Enriquez The life-code that will reshape the future (1715581)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KdOPY1Iqiw

Juan Enriquez The life-code that will reshape the future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KdOPY1Iqiw

Kevin Kelly The next 5,000 days of the web
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDYCf4ONh5M

Leah Buechley How to sketch with electronics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTBp0Z5GPeI

Let the environment guide our development  Johan Rockstrom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgqtrlixYR4

Let's use video to reinvent education  Salman Khan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTFEUsudhfs

Lewis Pugh's mind-shifting Mt. Everest swim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QISHX5UKky0

Marcel Dicke Why not eat insects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6GimGZz6a8

Michael Pritchard How to make filthy water drinkable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXepkIWPhFQ

Molly Crockett Beware neuro-bunk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b64qvG2Jgro

Neil Pasricha The 3 A's of awesome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPE0G00XFV0

New experiments in self-teaching  Sugata Mitra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk60sYrU2RU

Nic Marks The Happy Planet Index
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1o3FS0awtk

Omar Ahmad Political change with pen and paper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWhLSORCwW0

Paul Bloom The origins of pleasure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPicL1AWrs8

Paul Root Wolpe It's time to question bio-engineering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovV7v2XYJAI

Paul Zak Trust, morality - and oxytocin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFAdlU2ETjU

Richard Seymour How beauty feels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiXd_9DFCOQ

Rob Hopkins Transition to a world without oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8meWY0W40OA

Rob Legato The art of creating awe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luoKOkTxOtU

Robert Full Learning from the gecko's tail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3syTrElgcg

Robert Neuwirth The power of the informal economy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONM4JupBz_E

Rory Sutherland Perspective is everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iueVZJVEmEs

Science can answer moral questions  Sam Harris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj9oB4zpHww

Scott Fraser The problem with eyewitness testimony
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buhMdC7MO0U

Scott McCloud Understanding comics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXYckRgsdjI

Sebastian Seung I am my connectome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HA7GwKXfJB0

Secrets of success in 8 words, 3 minutes  Richard St. John
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6bbMQXQ180

Sendhil Mullainathan Solving social problems with a nudge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBJQENjZJaA

Shea Hembrey How I became 100 artists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpROaNue9GM

Sir Martin Rees Earth in its final century
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qF26MbYgOA

Teach every child about food  Jamie Oliver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=go_QOzc79Uc

TEDxNYED - Jeff Jarvis - 030610
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTOLkm5hNNU

The freakonomics of McDonalds vs. drugs  Steven Levitt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UGC2nLnaes

The game that can give you 10 extra years of life  Jane McGonigal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfBpsV1Hwqs

The happy secret to better work  Shawn Achor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLJsdqxnZb0

The history of our world in 18 minutes  David Christian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqc9zX04DXs

The magic washing machine  Hans Rosling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZoKfap4g4w

The new era of positive psychology  Martin Seligman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FBxfd7DL3E

The next species of human  Juan Enriquez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNcLKbJs3xk

The opportunity of adversity  Aimee Mullins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTwXeZ4GkzI

The paradox of choice  Barry Schwartz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VO6XEQIsCoM

The pattern behind self-deception  Michael Shermer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_6-iVz1R0o

The power of introverts  Susan Cain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0KYU2j0TM4

The psychology of evil  Philip Zimbardo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsFEV35tWsg

The surprising decline in violence  Steven Pinker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ramBFRt1Uzk

The surprising science of happiness  Dan Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4q1dgn_C0AU

The tribes we lead  Seth Godin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQGYr9bnktw

Thulasiraj Ravilla How low-cost eye care can be world-class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5QCM1_gVGA

Tim Berners-Lee The next Web of open, linked data
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OM6XIICm_qo

Tim Berners-Lee The year open data went worldwide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YcZ3Zqk0a8

Tim Harford Trial, error and the God complex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5wCfYujRdE

Timothy Prestero Design for people, not awards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpldYJ3sSIo

Tom Shannon The painter and the pendulum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPA-rQyKeLY

Try something new for 30 days  Matt Cutts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnfBXjWm7hc

Turning trash into toys for learning  Arvind Gupta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnCqR2yUXoU

Understanding the rise of China  Martin Jacques
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imhUmLtlZpw

Underwater astonishments  David Gallo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVvn8dpSAt0

Unveiling the genius of multi-touch interface design  Jeff Han
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac0E6deG4AU

Use art to turn the world inside out  JR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PAy1zBtTbw

Wadah Khanfar A historic moment in the Arab world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKQnL9Mmgng

Wade Davis Cultures at the far edge of the world
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bL7vK0pOvKI

What you don't know about marriage  Jenna McCarthy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8u42OjH0ss

Why the universe seems so strange  Richard Dawkins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1APOxsp1VFw

Why we do what we do  Tony Robbins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cpc-t-Uwv1I

Why we make bad decisions  Dan Gilbert (1759086)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4

Why we make bad decisions  Dan Gilbert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4

Why we think it's OK to cheat and steal (sometimes)  Dan Ariely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUdsTizSxSI

Wii remote hacks  Johnny Lee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgKCrGvShZs

Your body language may shape who you are  Amy Cuddy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks-_Mh1QhMc
Best Ted Talks lectures - life changing content