
13th Floor Elevators Scarlet and Gold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZlXkKwJai7w&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

1970 Golden Earring ~ Yellow and Blue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ocrc78i2oig&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Alone Again Or (2015 Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPbNpIG8x_s&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Another Time -- Pearls Before Swine -- Tom Rapp - lyrics in description
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flxHqCDSgi4&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Aphrodite's Child - Day of the Fool (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6qvv_PI-M0&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Atomic Rooster - Black Snake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nv9RcYhWb1o&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Buffalo Springfield - For What It's Worth 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gp5JCrSXkJY&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Caedmon - Sea Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0y6KmsOAAE&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Canned Heat - On The Road Again [HQ]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRKNw477onU&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Chicken Shack - I'd Rather Go Blind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU5tfYYNyY4&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Count Five - Psychotic Reaction (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_35S6-U9D4&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Cream - White Room - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VR90gQ-SIaY&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Creedence Clearwater Revival Run Through The Jungle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbI0cMyyw_M&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

CSN&Y - Carry on 1969
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvEEv14bI_o&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Death Don't Have No Mercy - Grateful Dead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPpU1K5Nkq0&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Donovan - Hurdy Gurdy Man (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHxfOZH8cew&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Donovan - Season of the Witch (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GU35oCHGhJ0&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Epitaph
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-C-HytsGYg0&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Eric Burdon and War  -  Spill the Wine (1970 )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W77Kwh6f0TE&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

FEVER TREE  - I PUT A SPELL ON YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jx3LNVWdCwM&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Fever Tree - Time is Now (1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvVjImDkch8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Flight From Ashiya - Kaleidoscope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3veHYs52V0&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

For the Dead in Space, Stardancer, Tom Rapp 1972
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgSGEH-ogBI&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

GANDALF - Nature boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78aLi00SHC8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

GANDALF- Days are only here and gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73MPYuHip2U&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Going Up The Country (Remastered 2005)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eQMA_noRYQ&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

I Had Too Much To Dream (Last Night). The Electric Prunes. (1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7KxShixE-A&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

It's A Beautiful Day - 02 - A Hot Summer Day (by EarpJohn)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WX8PK3mwTs&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

It's a beautiful day - Girl with no eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7ixKWmYux8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

It's A Beautiful Day - White Bird (1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScFBqyAN8Bw&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Jefferson Airplane - Lather
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WF4FF8QrQE&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Jefferson Airplane -White Rabbit-
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WANNqr-vcx0&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

KAK - Trieulogy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADrYs06To9I&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Kaleidoscope   Egyptian Gardens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsH3HdYuOu8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Kaleidoscope ( UK ) - Kaleidoscope Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gizi54HVde8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Kaleidoscope (U.K.) - The Sky Children
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIjf37nEHc8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Led Zeppelin - Going To California
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BYGM7UR--I&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Legend of a Mind ~ Moody Blues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldSFuEOA9wc&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Little Olive (2007 Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ueI-ji2eswA&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Love - A House Is Not A Motel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Z4LNBq3WxE&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Magic Bus The Who ( HQ sound )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bl9bvuAV-Ao&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Nights in White Satin - The Moody Blues - in Paris!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cs4RG9u8IVU&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Pearls Before Swine - Morning Song (1967) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6_rXA-haV0&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Pearls Before Swine - Sail Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEp5ko51RC8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Pink Floyd - Comfortably numb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FrOQC-zEog&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Pink Floyd - Dark Side Of The Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLOth-BuCNY&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Pink Floyd - Us and Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDbeqj-1XOo&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Quicksilver Messenger Service - Who Do You Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOhwxosNSds&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Renaissance - Bound For Infinity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1XdWJ-N51c&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Rolling Stones Time Waits For No One In Hd w Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vC0Qt1lvLq8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Savoy Brown - Tell Mama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZM8z_jF8Os&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Shocking Blue - Love Buzz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAvYUFcRnO4&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Shocking Blue - Never Marry A Railroad Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xwy6uIz-Gtg&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Silver Apples-  You and I (1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzBlQAqILK0&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Soft Machine-Why Are We Sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwc_gosvQ_A&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

somebody to love-jefferson airplane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUbMWtUyIIE&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Stoned Circus - Feel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MT87xswAkuc&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Strawberry Alarm Clock - Incense & Peppermints (1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rw1_FNdy-Y&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Strawberry Alarm Clock Rainy Day Mushroom Pillow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YerF7oUTyc8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Susan Christie - Rainy Day (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68hL87sJ74E&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Sweet Smoke - I'd Rather Burn Than Disappear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I343Lzbeuaw&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

T. Rex - Get It On (1971) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZkTh_T75QY&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Ten Years After - I'd love to change the world (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GZZldMkpkU&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

THE ATTACK - Colour of My Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdrqBCEzUdg&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Beatles - Strawberry Fields Forever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtUH9z_Oey8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Byrds- Eight Miles High (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J74ttSR8lEg&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Deep - When Rain is black
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIS9nAs-IEU&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Doors - Light My Fire (2006 Remastered)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LY1l8T2Lcl0&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Doors - Strange Days (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NleFEDHmdhs&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Doors - The End
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VScSEXRwUqQ&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

THE DOORS - You're Lost Little Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptA39Awo0FE&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Electric Prunes - Kyrie Eleison
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMHNyNg6Ybw&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Golden Dawn - My Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZAuPgtlxwQ&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Golden Dawn-Starvation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgEk4A-t1k8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Grass Roots - Midnight Confessions (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kJj_L8zzZE&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Inner Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa3948JzWCc&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Pretty Things S.F. Sorrow Is Born
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgwnC-pEw3k&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Pusher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpoEmlxUPeQ&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Rolling Stones - 2000 Light Years From Home (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRc0yaMW7Mw&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Rolling Stones - Ruby Tuesday (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADtnUC_ctNk&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Rolling Stones - She's A Rainbow (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6c1BThu95d8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Sacred Mushroom - I'm Not Like Everybody Else
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipL_YgizKr8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Savage Resurrection - Every Little Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caV5Cz3xbko&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Savage Resurrection - Thing In E
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLNIX4PlEgQ&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

THE SEEDS flower lady and her assistant 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uZwCh1ek5M&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Third Bardo- I Can Understand Your Problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqAXqGRdHLM&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Troggs - Love Is All Around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xEEhzAh6n4&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Velvet Underground & Nico- I'm waiting for the man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwdH09vJwwU&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Yardbirds - Heart Full Of Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pM1qZBFiOLU&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

The Zombies - She's Not There
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2hXBf1DakE&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Them - It's All Over Now, Baby Blue (Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQiMxD4fvhw&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Three Dog Night - Mama Told Me (Not To Come)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkM7uWBjUrI&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Tim Buckley - Pleasant Street
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qm_t-EaZO3E&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Tim Buckley - Phantasmagoria In Two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6pXE1RFRMI&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Time - Pink Floyd (1973)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ccx7K5ExnOQ&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Tomorrow Never Knows - The Beatles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7UjvdZm-Tu8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Velvett Fogg -  Once Among the Trees (1969) Psychedelic Rock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1UC1iyQyF0&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Windmills of your mind - Dusty Springfield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0ZljYnObOI&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

You Keep Me Hangin' On  Stereo Unedited Version  Vanilla Fudge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3ChToIvLRM&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

Zombies - Time Of The Season HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzpPy9hJYA8&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM

?? ???????????? ?????????? ???? ???????? - ???????????? ??????????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mb3iPP-tHdA&list=PLkjEvMJpFKeUe5oE6Hb1E04-ABq9lXSIM
The authentic Psychedelic era (best of 60s-70s)