
1.  10K Subscribers Thank You Offer!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17sG0RUccPY

2.  2017 January - June Intuitive Psychic Readings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__gY9wAFpYo

3.  2021 Energies - Convergence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHJHU-WDz_0

4.  2HR January Eclipse Special show with Alma Lightworker, Max and more....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpWvgslNkTQ

5.  A Big Reveal - Weekly Pulse June 15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvcvJOStXP8

6.  All about Eclipses with Astrologer Joseph P. Anthony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX58AuXekD8

7.  Alma and Joanna Live Readings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJ7pgQSNtEo

8.  April - Aries, Leo, Sagittarius Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0G7kzut5b1A

9.  April - Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lkg8mrz0iGc

10.  April - Gemini, Libra Aquarius Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyQvVuVHRn4

11.  April - Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xw4dU4sawKQ

12.  Aquarius April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hl3_zLevwaI

13.  Aquarius April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Peace and Stability.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThsLcwRNF0M

14.  Aquarius April 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8xzgH3IoHg

15.  Aquarius April 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmdjhOvYHn0

16.  Aquarius August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Stable Times Ahead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhlTw6TKtKk

17.  Aquarius August 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9chP_IMooVo

18.  Aquarius December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Charging Forward!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKGL3r1HTrk

19.  Aquarius December 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Uyj1A8PBVM

20.  Aquarius December 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHpcGZthcG0

21.  Aquarius December Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCl8zbl704A

22.  Aquarius February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArNscsfK0AA

23.  Aquarius February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Peace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6VYyfVlAOY

24.  Aquarius February 2018 Intuitive reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YDQZpGFZzs

25.  Aquarius February 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O85aCheB4gc

26.  Aquarius February Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0-HmruAJ18

27.  Aquarius Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wiCN7pYDAs

28.  Aquarius January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEYVwCp08o4

29.  Aquarius January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Peace of mind and heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAQdTpqG7eU

30.  Aquarius January 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_BGDdQqodE

31.  Aquarius January 2019 (full video) Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wER6tMA2928

32.  Aquarius January 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjErzRLHwEk

33.  Aquarius January 2020 Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Yxhd3Q45m4

34.  Aquarius July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Completion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q4QUIvvzlU

35.  Aquarius July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Balance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sOLxIBlmwE

36.  Aquarius July 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGWJpuT7lLU

37.  Aquarius July 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NA9iWGysNhA

38.  Aquarius June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Feeling freedom is a choice!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXi0egLlPaw

39.  Aquarius June 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHCu-aBL0NI

40.  Aquarius June 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdYZWnoN7vM

41.  Aquarius March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuH9Yt9CiYk

42.  Aquarius March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Letting Go.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DscN53uX8mc

43.  Aquarius March 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjR_iRhejl4

44.  Aquarius March 2019 Intuitive Messages New Beginnings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4AuTmTAQto

45.  Aquarius May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading-New Beginnings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlB15sIODV4

46.  AQUARIUS May 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yX8ituUUwuE

47.  Aquarius May 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Im-UclbmcCI

48.  Aquarius MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - EndingsNew beginnings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwpRxdGoTIk

49.  Aquarius November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Taking Off!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jezlr9scD3g

50.  Aquarius November 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuaWpKS0orY

51.  Aquarius November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTJdIuegmew

52.  Aquarius October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Catalyst!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SS4Ehc74KBc

53.  Aquarius October 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sAcY1uRtdo

54.  Aquarius October 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMYYGfwXyHs

55.  Aquarius September 2016 Intuitive Reading-Starting New.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaKq30fl_Go

56.  Aquarius September 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxYd7qP0VXQ

57.  Aquarius September 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OO4aHJXhs8

58.  AQUARIUS September Intuitive Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIYffK7FxFo

59.  Aquarius Tarot Oct 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnL5y0lvf-o

60.  Are You a Student or a Teacher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4OSoB_7wSQ

61.  Are You Ready To Be Yourself.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlC_Zuczdfc

62.  Are You Ready to Shift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmR48c6nvz8

63.  Are You Ready To Wake up -  Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8go0LG68Y88

64.  Are You Ready.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQEdYQM3kx4

65.  Aries April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4tfZCI0Qrs

66.  Aries April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Change your Beliefs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_iE9_X5caQ

67.  Aries April 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9mCFVzvjtc

68.  Aries April 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqoBhkuBKj0

69.  Aries August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Career Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgpvLT2dNK0

70.  Aries August 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0N_ucW_GlXw

71.  Aries December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Appreciation for Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMi6h9rQXDA

72.  Aries December 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E43f3pyi-dM

73.  Aries December 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCqCzKJd1tk

74.  Aries December Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5TnIQY3ut0

75.  Aries February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwSxRhQuFkI

76.  Aries February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Change of Perception.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-bDyM7x5YY

77.  Aries February 2018 Intuitive reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hgaegs82BS8

78.  Aries February 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBEv_4gO-Is

79.  Aries February Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Dh1doTB4OE

80.  Aries Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnfT69wARws

81.  Aries Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Q2-cmvsYCc

82.  Aries January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1zVnu4o6rI

83.  Aries January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Don't forget who you are.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BKmzbgIUc0

84.  Aries January 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFSok9GTOE0

85.  Aries January 2020 Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idjFYkqQdTk

86.  Aries July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Self Reliance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29dt33B1Yz8

87.  Aries July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Transformation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRUpriYMBiQ

88.  Aries July 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1OIbCJtvyA

89.  Aries July 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWShHPo_4iY

90.  Aries June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Gratitude and Forgivness for Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PL_8F2x6UZI

91.  Aries June 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YL69EYn4Ujw

92.  Aries June 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gj4lABkiotM

93.  Aries Leo Sagittarius - June Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsm5P5Fvfck

94.  Aries March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CLqmCvHTDs

95.  Aries March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Expansion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ai3r42Yj5No

96.  Aries March 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rk-UVgG6Ew

97.  Aries March 2019 Intuitive Messages Integrity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FfX4kV7bo8

98.  Aries May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading - Watch your Anger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2We0QFRc_mY

99.  ARIES May 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4J0HpiaISyM

100.  Aries May 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmmWUBXTqMM

101.  Aries MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Changes around career, confidence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cwt5dOsiDe4

102.  Aries November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Opportunity for builiding!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7GiwHbvOiM

103.  Aries November 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1-W99JcS_s

104.  Aries November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDh9VLY1yQM

105.  Aries October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Changes Abound.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8myucYA6KA

106.  Aries October 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NT9wzbHvs7E

107.  Aries October 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcgW2j0hwss

108.  Aries September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Change Your Beliefs!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxiyp-Ojiw8

109.  Aries September 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9x3s8tCQeQ

110.  Aries September 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7c-5Chulvs

111.  ARIES September Intutive Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVAwjIm5GXA

112.  Aries Tarot October 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eg3-1OUNBfo

113.  Aries, Leo, Sagittarius - August Monthly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwzVN0fcd4I

114.  Aries, Leo, Sagittarius - July messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtzTty2dBjU

115.  Aries, Leo, Sagittarius - September Monthly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Vu-KfgOb2U

116.  August 1118 New Moon Solar Eclipse Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0J2qtxvRrY

117.  Be Brave - Weekly Pulse May 11th.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJof0rnRDUk

118.  Becoming Highly Attuned - Mini Masterclass.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERaHG4kVdLI

119.  Beware of Shadows and 'Flame Throwing'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckeLNiDg_mg

120.  Cancer April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOzByhfv2sI

121.  Cancer April 2017 Intuitive Reading -  New Beginnings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWXj2eMulJI

122.  Cancer April 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgIoLGyjFio

123.  Cancer April 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BM-kEjHFKeE

124.  Cancer August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Focus on Health.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jTk2CxzkFo

125.  Cancer August 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egNkrd3obO8

126.  Cancer December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Emptional Freedom and Higher Wisdom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnZeSpXzTSo

127.  Cancer December 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7n3pvZBFm8Q

128.  Cancer December 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avlUNcApGGg

129.  Cancer December Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PtxChl4UI0

130.  Cancer February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWHhcMLpQ3M

131.  Cancer February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Newness in the Air.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1giY8FP5nU

132.  Cancer February 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLL4CB5M1D0

133.  Cancer February 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h021x4rVyVA

134.  Cancer February Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he86pQdtwnc

135.  Cancer intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7weEo5-gpg

136.  Cancer January 2016 & Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sh2jyLVUq3o

137.  Cancer January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Process of creation has begun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCX5NtrjM8U

138.  Cancer January 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fp2aayB2LLc

139.  Cancer January 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YH5MhEphCyE

140.  Cancer January 2020 Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMI_GTc_fEQ

141.  Cancer July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Remission and Emotional Healing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAkwSMkbD4M

142.  Cancer July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Renewal and Preserverance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSbf00DqT_k

143.  Cancer July 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnr24GXD3ZI

144.  Cancer July 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoHJ64fwg_U

145.  Cancer June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Do not let others dictate what you do!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MF8ys_1Fs2s

146.  Cancer June 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usRt9LDUZC4

147.  Cancer June 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIJNHAcVj-s

148.  Cancer March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tWzuWj9cNk

149.  Cancer March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Freedom of Expression.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlyUXZR5_i8

150.  Cancer March 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-RjlrKDm_w

151.  Cancer March 2019 Intuitive Messages Relief!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZ4_BJ4A4jU

152.  Cancer May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading-A Road to Recovery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd3BDIyRikw

153.  CANCER May 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcqE2O11DdM

154.  Cancer May 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqxzUoWTW6U

155.  Cancer MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Seeing different perspective.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xFF7-RWx1Q

156.  Cancer November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Emotional Freedom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cp72QypnYU

157.  Cancer November 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pUM3SinzjI

158.  Cancer November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUmwlTjbh_o

159.  Cancer October 2016 Intuitive Reading -  Allow Yourself to Receive Fully.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNrv8E8fhsE

160.  Cancer October 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meLIK5hLSs0

161.  Cancer October 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-fCoMrGVJI

162.  Cancer Scorpio Pisces - June Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKzkXHQ83Zs

163.  Cancer September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Return to Health and New Career!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIQUhm7Fs-Q

164.  Cancer September 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flXBuqe3AuA

165.  Cancer September 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEDzPS1nmtk

166.  CANCER September Intuitive Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TzviZ92GFk

167.  Cancer Tarot October 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4V8HlLeXV8

168.  Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces - August Monthly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps7kiijkwaI

169.  Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces - July Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXkYqT1jX5g

170.  Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces - September Monthly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtgJTR7nVAo

171.  Capricorn - July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Transformation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMd-iRcZCTw

172.  Capricorn April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npic0QRzgGQ

173.  Capricorn April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Letting Go.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KLDON_FdSWc

174.  Capricorn April 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUmurMMZ5mE

175.  Capricorn April 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hB-aDUio1g

176.  Capricorn August 2016 Intuitive Reading -  Choices and Decisions!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0kF8uwRIls

177.  Capricorn August 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0wXtPuqOag

178.  Capricorn December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Stop Resisting!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AROPideQhAg

179.  Capricorn December 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6HOxZ-SLxo

180.  Capricorn December 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8LUUoFhckc

181.  Capricorn December Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoKbSTs5dZw

182.  Capricorn February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmNORRWU12c

183.  Capricorn February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Stronger Foundations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_m6htqS5ik

184.  Capricorn February 2018 Intuitive reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFqRR4lD2nA

185.  Capricorn February 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjeC8_GouOk

186.  Capricorn February Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CgD33j3_jo

187.  Capricorn Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-EOOnKepss

188.  Capricorn Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M89k9nVKqow

189.  Capricorn January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qw0917g0A6c

190.  Capricorn January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Opportunities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNAPLeJ912I

191.  Capricorn January 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSr5b2zIOf0

192.  Capricorn January 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBu2NxmWmjs

193.  Capricorn January 2020 Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pp0q5IeJ2-E

194.  Capricorn July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Possibilities and Relationships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqY1CHwBFsU

195.  Capricorn July 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FhUkJoxRzk

196.  Capricorn July 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UzA4-OxhGo

197.  Capricorn June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Leave your baggage behind!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrM0BZY3cs4

198.  Capricorn June 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSVyiWAaWBM

199.  Capricorn June 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hG1ih7nNuq4

200.  Capricorn March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuseFd0LTl0

201.  Capricorn March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Change around Relationships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ls2tAJKHPZI

202.  Capricorn March 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5Q5qYsx1fQ

203.  Capricorn March 2019 Intuitive Messages Your Attitude Matters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rk8fV7eUyws

204.  Capricorn May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading-Self Expression.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTwBB0RUvVk

205.  CAPRICORN May 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Glvhr5fuIjM

206.  Capricorn May 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvCd1YmVokI

207.  Capricorn MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Harmony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96wpQHrRSdo

208.  Capricorn November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Road to Recovery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpNmkI1ay2A

209.  Capricorn November 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNrxhfBg6Hc

210.  Capricorn November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lISJrZk6Ogs

211.  Capricorn October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Patience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wfzzgGphKw

212.  Capricorn October 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN3SbmtHktc

213.  Capricorn October 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHtygcobYeQ

214.  Capricorn September 2016 - Look for Peace within your Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXoQwte4g8I

215.  Capricorn September 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcCogwTVlkg

216.  Capricorn September 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14TL0HO8UL8

217.  CAPRICORN September Intuitive Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MplDntbvbqY

218.  Capricorn Tarot 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nr8PCoaC8Ps

219.  Cathy Looks into the future with Joanna the Medium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2b5RVG2H2w

220.  Clear Space - Weekly Pulse July 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nu39xmMeyQ

221.  Courage To Be You! - Pick-A-Card - Weekly Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okOnH_mqpdE

222.  De Clutter - Weekly Pulse July 20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McCk2rJEaG8

223.  December 2018 Spirit Message for All.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Nk7VXhmCbk

224.  Elevated Human -  Weekly Pulse Aug 31.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UU4frMb5Tpw

225.  Embrace & Allow -  Weekly Pulse July 27.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wPediOKDzQ

226.  Embrace Your Shadow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cD4kS07u9k

227.  Emotional Freedom - JupiterSaturn Dec 21- Weekly Pulse Pick A Card.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33A_ov5ToYU

228.  Emotional Independence - Pick A Card - Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6NEQIxc9UE

229.  EXCITING NEWS!!!......Live shows.......ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSlODp3BTzk

230.  Expanding Awareness & Resistance - Pick-A-Card Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDdHyMImA-0

231.  Expectations - Weekly Pulse - May 25.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6TyPUWbpXQ

232.  Fear of Dissapointment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcszTVNG0kM

233.  FREE 2HR LIVE READINGS and May 2017 forecast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1C9k1cnFUM

234.  FREE Live Readings and Secrets to Manifesting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06F43LK3KAA

235.  FREE Readings LIVE - Monday May 718 - 7pm PST10pm EST.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tl4Whb-vRx4

236.  From Medium to a Healer - Interview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbfT8R1cmkY

237.  Gemini 1 November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7q3sRYlZw-s

238.  Gemini 2 November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oL4A5KjmzhE

239.  Gemini April 2016 Intuitive Tarot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0po--YoWqc

240.  Gemini April 2017 Intuitive Reading -  Choices and Decisions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OlXnYGFsDhc

241.  Gemini April 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o49Maf3gzvk

242.  Gemini April 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MVyqEaLXQc

243.  Gemini August 2016 Intuitive Reading - New Beginnings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TpUHYvu9RE

244.  Gemini August 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvQi23LUpU8

245.  Gemini December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Money will come!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pn3z9VPDMwk

246.  Gemini December 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNeQDhMovEw

247.  Gemini December 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cUf3P-jyXs

248.  Gemini December Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8MAtNI0aqo

249.  Gemini February 2016 and Love Intuitive Tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jgrZlV4bLo

250.  Gemini February 2017 Intuitive Reading -  Major Transformation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWp5GX3S_5g

251.  Gemini February 2018 Intuitive reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMjPeXFFCrg

252.  Gemini February 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvCkwS3H-tM

253.  Gemini February Ascension Messages (updated).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYKM8-riPDY

254.  Gemini Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGjWXzcWFh8

255.  Gemini Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnoNXIv3UCk

256.  Gemini January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkaDDMwKqGM

257.  Gemini January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Changes!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCy6uwF9pYg

258.  Gemini January 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BclG5-3o4Ts

259.  Gemini January 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPSzQHIKvG0

260.  Gemini January 2020 Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVGo4qZQ5vA

261.  Gemini July 2016 Intuitive Reading - You Are Not Alone!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAj8VB8rct4

262.  Gemini July 2017 Intuitive Reading -  New beginnings and healing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQCxEuKJnS8

263.  Gemini July 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TanAzsKqm3E

264.  Gemini July 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T_MtesQ5OA

265.  Gemini June 2016 Intuitive Reading -  Patience within yourself!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRfkoCouP6A

266.  Gemini June 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeDLl2aO2gw

267.  Gemini June 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWLS0a25yYo

268.  Gemini Libra Aquarius - June Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSzUKJkEfYc

269.  Gemini March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDZ-7nxnPwE

270.  Gemini March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Freedom from your Past.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dobxfdU6Y0M

271.  Gemini March 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1pZUnCV25w

272.  Gemini March 2019 Intuitive Messages Believe in Luck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyUEfpz6f-E

273.  Gemini May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading - Beyond the Illusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvxPQs4vzDc

274.  GEMINI May 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXtpxM4BwkA

275.  Gemini May 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYgUI1kAHeY

276.  Gemini MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Reserve your Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfiEzn9jyto

277.  Gemini November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Examine your beliefs!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfdm8NUwlx8

278.  Gemini November 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mN2N_yW0J2U

279.  Gemini October 2016 Intuitive Reading -  Persevere!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xp6mvdDOBjk

280.  Gemini October 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jCykJlv_8k

281.  Gemini October 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDwNT9DUO1Y

282.  Gemini September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Time for Profound Change!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlV9QjiJMaY

283.  Gemini September 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nyg18sH88Q

284.  Gemini September 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84tpD31kN50

285.  GEMINI September Intutive Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krynCNDFEE8

286.  Gemini Tarot October 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6wMCZWkv-Q

287.  Gemini, Libra, Aquarius - August Monthly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-Z10xOBj0A

288.  Gemini, Libra, Aquarius - July Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wL5rWdWEB0

289.  Gemini, Libra, Aquarius - September Monthly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tf5e397uKVs

290.  Go Slow - Weekly Pulse June 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTuubEV4S4Y

291.  Harness the Energy - Weekly Pulse - Aug 24.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ungdysLrvQ

292.  Heal Thoughts - Weekly Pulse July 13.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1idhkoWlD4I

293.  How Attuned Are You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtMO4bBWv-c

294.  How did you discover mediumship.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIGTLZs3bZA

295.  How Open Is Your Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBVSAdwgvjg

296.  How to Be Grateful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMY9kkYGqpQ

297.  How to Deal with Resistance!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4B6zaza1P8

298.  How to recognize your psychic and mediumship abilities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abLSXIxDCzM

299.  How Well Do You  Know Yourself.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLs4AdAhJuY

300.  I am taking your questions LIVE July 10th 7PM PST10PM EST.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYMeda0HIyo

301.  Identity Crisis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5KTk325nTo

302.  Importance of Acceptance - Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5vlJ75h3LM

303.  Incubation - Weekly Pulse May 18.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06I34X4ZXSY

304.  Instantly Shift Your Vibration!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jusIzFZr3zA

305.  Integrating Polarities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BQDR1Qwxy4

306.  Intentions,  Activations,  Transitions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5tDhUB6KtE

307.  Interview and live readings with Ama Lightworker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WGBXtW0I88

308.  Interview with a former ordained minister.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXQT0VffIzE

309.  Interview with Author and Life Strategist Sylvie Pepin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgzAIHGbC_U

310.  Interview with Joanna The Medium - Shed Show TALK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6diCHc8YEGI

311.  Interview with Tarot Lumination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bPEZxgOxbU

312.  Invitation to Private 'Team Joanna' Forum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJhwrkWQbSc

313.  iOM Radio Interview with Joanna the Medium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5efmXA7GRCY

314.  Is Mediocrity Holding You Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5v2alZdevY

315.  Joanna answers calls live (Aired on May 718).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOKQdvQEIQw

316.  Joanna Answers Your Burning Questions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWRZPzOUpq0

317.  Joanna answers your MOST BURNING QUESTIONS LIVE-March 19th 7pm PST10pm EST.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIWGmJOJcTE

318.  Joanna Answers Your Questions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OR8PmlVBGE0

319.  Joanna opens up about her life - Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hX31D6udSjU

320.  Joanna talks about her and the corporate world.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oyK-0Wu_Es

321.  Joanna The Medium - (Part 1)-Discovering Your Truth with Calan Breckon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mq2tLWLmRPc

322.  Joanna The Medium - Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxPU6Wk0PKc

323.  Joanna The Medium - What have you learned as a medium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myejKQTbzwA

324.  Joanna The Medium Interview-May 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7D-uBYGMHw

325.  Joanna The Medium Live Stream (1325159).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rsHqMFkeCu0

326.  Joanna The Medium Live Stream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82P8k57FckA

327.  July 13 Eclpise General Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpSKpL43D0s

328.  July 1617 Eclipses-Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeDBT87d0WI

329.  July-December 2017 Intuitive Readings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jB1Bd_q_30

330.  July-December 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PNWFxVAVq0

331.  Keep Going! -  Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHLePIYqy3g

332.  Leo - July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Better times ahead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkasfh_N6s0

333.  Leo April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dD54ZNmz5r0

334.  Leo April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Fast Movement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6y3nCy0Qqrw

335.  Leo April 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVtoPSNoerk

336.  Leo April 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQUL0wSypzo

337.  Leo August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Legal Matters & Career Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ahy7WTT3aWE

338.  Leo August 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiipXJp-8XQ

339.  Leo December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Charge forward fearlessly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icl80tVbXsc

340.  Leo December 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GCRZrZVahw

341.  Leo December 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZRu2AufouU

342.  Leo December Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZPh_j3bXOE

343.  Leo February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppUaPkse7hc

344.  Leo February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Change and Opportunities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_0lxoCYLVs

345.  Leo February 2018 Intuitive reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kRIQJtbBD4

346.  Leo February 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGf-MnV71QY

347.  Leo February Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ipnb9eG7yY

348.  Leo intuitive Tarot reading November 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFNeh1h_DFU

349.  Leo January 2016 & year overview intuitive tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NR8NP5_oCHc

350.  Leo January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Contentment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtA0hPdKjJE

351.  Leo January 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzWUe5Ewigo

352.  Leo January 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPo-SQxe7Mg

353.  Leo January 2020 Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AU9cKtGGFpo

354.  Leo July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Manifesting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfPwiVVdH7I

355.  Leo July 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28eedjOvMr8

356.  Leo July 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCSKhGfLp3w

357.  Leo June 2016 Intutive Reading - Transformation and Contemplation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZirtwEDe6k

358.  Leo June 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxxnqTsna1s

359.  Leo June 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuzUta-G36g

360.  Leo March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3iRz325a6s

361.  Leo March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHzpgkJt07A

362.  Leo March 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_q1DguWn1Uk

363.  Leo March 2019 Intuitive Messages Observe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITqSbIhot7Q

364.  Leo May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading - Manifesting  & Patience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2kn-xU4vPg

365.  LEO May 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTJn65JGZ6o

366.  Leo May 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RePxlLO4FN0

367.  Leo MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Discernment and Patience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERF6hpg4KE8

368.  Leo November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Possible challenges ahead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLCRwmegfQo

369.  Leo November 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qxt0g5j5-_Y

370.  Leo November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8x86jmeF_w

371.  Leo October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Excitement!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klGU3Xlxg8w

372.  Leo October 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B83QkHXlJ78

373.  Leo October 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cI-EZN21h4c

374.  Leo September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Need to Re-assess.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAL7ZuSkE5A

375.  Leo September 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNeRvY-S2Kw

376.  Leo September 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3kL8hoZJ7s

377.  LEO September Intutive Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKloLke_b6s

378.  Leo Tarot October 2015 E.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkcNkOfu79Y

379.  Letting Go of Blame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnvP5WZj5SI

380.  Letting Go of Labels!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adGrVEOsOX0

381.  Libra April 2016 Intuitve Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wq2Dr8d0Ku8

382.  Libra April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Time to go Within.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OG5ap92Zemg

383.  Libra April 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgrtCoOkdlw

384.  Libra April 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TvppxMEsWk

385.  Libra August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Watch your Thoughts!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pst7ImE75go

386.  Libra August 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1tH_Qqc7oU

387.  Libra December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Opportunities Abound.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6aYSMY78WU

388.  Libra December 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6GG7iGzmgg

389.  Libra December 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Qq1yvOWxgM

390.  Libra December Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoBh20f3Bhk

391.  Libra Februar 2017 Intuitive Reading - Time for Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJPawfkoo3c

392.  Libra February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLpZwvmPuEw

393.  Libra February 2018 Intuitive reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s4EWHKuDVfs

394.  Libra February 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8yPPQPmj8Q

395.  Libra February Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4zUNMvssR4

396.  Libra Intuititve tarot reading December 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GR0pZaNh3PE

397.  Libra Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp1uA3IPwoI

398.  Libra January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOFNQjbSf60

399.  Libra January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Take your power back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMoPWvV5e3Y

400.  Libra January 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4svbfPEXDiM

401.  Libra January 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8jRE1XfNA0

402.  Libra January 2020 Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVJdh4NB1_c

403.  Libra July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Choices and Decisions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDaHTldKDP0

404.  Libra July 2017 Intuitive Reading -  Breaking free and Options.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plMnRnNyZCk

405.  Libra July 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaA52kQWDa0

406.  Libra July 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tP6oUeWvXEU

407.  Libra June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Givng AND receiving!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek8phpePL9M

408.  Libra June 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cs8PLZJTG3Q

409.  Libra June 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIuNiUYGQl4

410.  Libra March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTjHuSb9mok

411.  Libra March 2017 Intuitive Readings - Breaking Old Chains.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASWeakRYgMY

412.  Libra March 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rPPK7HHFf4

413.  Libra March 2019 Intuitive Messages Resilience, Hope.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfZv7oJna00

414.  Libra May 2016 Inutitive Tarot Reading-Peace of Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYvYPlyhPck

415.  LIBRA May 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiIjn5nVuko

416.  Libra May 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Dmd7LIXX60

417.  Libra MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Reclaim your Power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnskojRstZ0

418.  Libra November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Power of Information.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJXyBT-SeKA

419.  Libra November 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ip__5C2uGk

420.  Libra November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncLyAaaN_4A

421.  Libra October 2016 - Intuitive Reading - Move on the Horizon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9I-OA2_NuDU

422.  Libra October 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unQ7RvJRILA

423.  Libra October 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MDydIoqAMM

424.  Libra September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Allow Yourself to Receive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxF1ymsB_e8

425.  Libra September 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ve8DogA51Xc

426.  Libra September 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SA9XNeTOUuo

427.  LIBRA September Intutive Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5B_uR6gsyDc

428.  Libra Tarot Part 1 October 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bdx3KXvPwVE

429.  Libra Tarot Part 2 October 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0JqZqFCxCw

430.  Lions Gate Weekly Pulse - Aug 8 - Release.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjtJu3-XUlg

431.  LIVE FREE Readings Monday, APRIL 3RD with Ama Lightworker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_LSI3ctd1g

432.  Live Readings - Monday October 16th 7pm PST10pm EST.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ED3YuERMESE

433.  LIVE READINGS Monday August 7th 7pm PST10pm EST.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6j0GvtnjhU

434.  LIVE READINGS September 18th -7pm PST10pm EST.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUg2IgFrifE

435.  Live readings with Brian - Sol-gier Tarot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_wKebrFUeo

436.  Live Readings with Helen Lee-Atkins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8fega-tkX4

437.  MANIFESTATION & FREQUENCY With Leon and Joanna The Healer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWNmTACcOr0

438.  Manifesting Abundance with Tien -  The Modern Wizard!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWyTSkMg8xo

439.  Manifesting with Stephanie McWilliams- Joanna The Medium Radio Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcyxG2aZ-Vk

440.  Maturity - Weekly Pulse Aug 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGehxRqt9Uo

441.  May - Aries, Leo, Sagittarius Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2wMEZow5HM

442.  May - Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zmfk7a5nAMY

443.  May - Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Lg28KZ3Wj8

444.  May 15th New MoonURANUS Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCV9a_9iltY

445.  May-Gemini, Libra, Aquarius Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kohPXp0GtZc

446.  Mid August 2017 + Eclipses - Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0OdfhPbvv0

447.  Mid June 2018 General Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qwY0et0XKs

448.  Near Death Experiences with Paul Elder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqTBBxky_j0

449.  New Frequencies - Live with Leon and Joanna the Healer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dwFX8KU5fU

450.  New Moon in Aries April 15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYsdP1gBwlI

451.  New Moon March 17th General Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_9po0IXFFk

452.  OBE explained with William Buhlman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJAAdXrhMx8

453.  October 142018 - Moon Enters Capricorn - Spirit Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99Bnwi_x2FM

454.  Pace Yourself SOLAR ECLIPSE New Moon Pick-A-Card Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHY4Q4koVhs

455.  Pices December Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNtDIfTaUg8

456.  Piesces Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0v-KQ8Q2z8

457.  Piesces Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPxqgkI2uHI

458.  Pisces April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pesGujebdw

459.  Pisces April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Passion and Deeper Truth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxhTZsQAIVk

460.  Pisces April 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJOAXGeUIu8

461.  Pisces April 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0JHg1SRRjYk

462.  Pisces August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Be Patient!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaUboNGV64s

463.  Pisces August 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yfdr-qTd_ag

464.  Pisces December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Changes, Well Done!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6XGSW1Ww1A

465.  Pisces December 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OlpJcKlUytw

466.  Pisces December 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UCH1aphw-M

467.  Pisces February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekKgITP8VEk

468.  Pisces February 2017 Intuitive Reading - New Beginnings Coming Soon!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXsDCqDmTZg

469.  Pisces February 2018 Intuitive reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuA7YGuA64g

470.  Pisces February 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGh1wtnqZCw

471.  Pisces February Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lS-wucesAeM

472.  Pisces January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AwpjbeI-Cg

473.  Pisces January 2017 Intuitive Reading - New relationships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bR9MrmyGdH4

474.  PISCES January 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrJMObfkoYA

475.  Pisces January 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8zty7cYXy4

476.  Pisces January 2020 Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ozQA69fvIM

477.  Pisces July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Pay Attention to Your Thoughts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYMcG3KK5rE

478.  Pisces July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Happier times ahead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5Eepz5qO4c

479.  Pisces July 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ep87NNpl0IE

480.  Pisces July 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYHWAAkwiqc

481.  Pisces June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Forgivness of Self and Others!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5W_q5m8xgs

482.  Pisces June 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTZb4EZiRc0

483.  Pisces June 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wy9kUFe-SwI

484.  Pisces March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIW1d1k1TY0

485.  Pisces March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Conclusions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmdLQnAA6aw

486.  Pisces March 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nTVer8NZVc

487.  Pisces March 2019 Intuitive Messages Luck vs Lack.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Gb3RCVbzcE

488.  Pisces May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading - Live Without Fear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuuZTEbSJ9s

489.  PISCES May 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbrR6DhAvWQ

490.  Pisces May 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehWepdWEY74

491.  Pisces MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Expansion!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zj1-iI5Dm2w

492.  Pisces November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Fear and Failure, Change is on the way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7pGofpfveA

493.  Pisces November 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INmmFWslgHo

494.  Pisces November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_MCPoqaIRk

495.  Pisces October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Transitions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68BbHu3Dmys

496.  Pisces October 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfTIYNofAbc

497.  Pisces October 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xv7LFJvo2i4

498.  Pisces September 2016 Intuitve Reading - Changes!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiNpuESMFMg

499.  Pisces September 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZLLmRiX0Zc

500.  Pisces September 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBYc5D0T-eM

501.  PISCES September Intutive Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcSFJ9BCb5w

502.  Pisces Tarot October 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XaB6nv3HiQk

503.  Plant Medicine Q&A - Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYTbSlKgL9s

504.  Plant Medicine Q&A - Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_Tb6MGLBbs

505.  Practice - Weekly Pulse June 29.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bB7ALtqXRJI

506.  Preceptions & Other Realities - Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9benmXf0co

507.  Procrastination - Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ta22Nnn2Wy4

508.  Psychic Playground with Joanna & Stephanie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95pHT9nNbR8

509.  Q&A Tuesday Part 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wziahGldF-I

510.  Q&A Tuesdays - Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYky4fDeTWo

511.  Q&A Tuesdays Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSRPmn28rmk

512.  Q&A Tuesdays Part 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sQf3GFAW-A

513.  Q&A Tuesdays part 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LwcF1ZBtVBI

514.  Q&A Tuesdays Part 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iepHOCQ0Rxk

515.  Q&A Tuesdays Part 8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgl3PVIt7Sw

516.  Re-Defining New Normal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cL1fwQqz-k4

517.  Relationship Intuitive Readings mid Feb-May 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pi93HAfAqFQ

518.  Roundup - Weekly Pulse June 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibXaxYK8wAY

519.  Sagitarius April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qH9yqw0XiM

520.  Sagitarius April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Power and Balance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BG1TbbiUKgA

521.  Sagitarius April 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ci_MHeRZzNc

522.  Sagitarius April 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FN-VOly4dvg

523.  Sagitarius August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Fast Movement, Watch your Thoughts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsOhWLZko90

524.  Sagitarius August 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D09to8Zeb64

525.  Sagitarius December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Don't be afraid to move forward.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lSNmELKfPA

526.  Sagitarius December 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uucf6Gi7Ngc

527.  Sagitarius December 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1rPf6OSL7g

528.  Sagitarius December Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRzjeGsgk_w

529.  Sagitarius February 2016 and Love Intuitive Tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StgajjyJyCw

530.  Sagitarius February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Unions and Collaborations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eqn9sXCbgU

531.  Sagitarius February 2018 Intuitive reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zdyc0XwfbYY

532.  Sagitarius February 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jfz1BimdDWY

533.  Sagitarius Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5E0WXejoLO4

534.  Sagitarius Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BOge1Lagpo

535.  Sagitarius January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Peace of mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDkcagl0QB8

536.  Sagitarius January 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqoQ27UOOD8

537.  Sagitarius January 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9brg1hMRfU

538.  Sagitarius July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Self Respect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDa_yf8OjiY

539.  Sagitarius July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Reclaiming your Power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hudDzamwVLA

540.  Sagitarius July 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvEZNYcbEDc

541.  Sagitarius July 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7W3FM0gwBNk

542.  Sagitarius June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Life is too short to live in worry!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caM3NLnshdk

543.  Sagitarius June 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IccoX7hyyH8

544.  Sagitarius June 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OS2EjYOUZz8

545.  Sagitarius March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8IMI9jv1Go

546.  Sagitarius March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Let Yourself Receive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf0gco5wI6I

547.  Sagitarius March 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hs7BuQtgiWQ

548.  Sagitarius March 2019 Intuitive Messages What's Missing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Upq_H9c9Byk

549.  Sagitarius May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading - Compassion and Peace of Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11q0ZKdvl1E

550.  SAGITARIUS May 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FOY7nM18DU

551.  Sagitarius May 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BpiHETePPU

552.  Sagitarius MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - New beginnings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDioLtsYp9o

553.  Sagitarius November  2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERWkFDK-myI

554.  Sagitarius November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Go forward fearlessly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WvBp4kClBy0

555.  Sagitarius November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rneQ2aoBFQ

556.  Sagitarius October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Patience during Transitions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNzCYgCQcCA

557.  Sagitarius October 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp9vD1YWKzM

558.  Sagitarius October 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sMOtTZ9KqI

559.  Sagitarius September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Change your Patterns!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxvc4sK-uLY

560.  Sagitarius September 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8FKBIIiZho

561.  Sagitarius September 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lg-20AejV4Y

562.  SAGITARIUS September Intutive Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQqRU-EcLiY

563.  Sagittarius February Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUuj_JbvSnk

564.  Sagittarius January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZJgXBK09qI

565.  Sagittarius January 2020 Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbUb8qlVBTc

566.  Sagittarius Tarot October 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2P4imDwq9jY

567.  Scorpio April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13WUwgZ8Eqo

568.  Scorpio April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Expansion and Self Responsibility.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGJtKKW9hPU

569.  Scorpio April 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOVTP7dwYvw

570.  Scorpio April 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzMCQVI5xAk

571.  Scorpio August 2016 Intuitive Reading -  Good News Coming your Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVwwYQPL8eE

572.  Scorpio August 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i95h4vb4K4k

573.  Scorpio December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Patience with yourself and others.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlhZp1sH8vs

574.  Scorpio December 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cleONj0CsMY

575.  Scorpio December 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnDG8Kv8s8o

576.  Scorpio December Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIjuAtr04vE

577.  Scorpio February 2016 and Love Intuitive Tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TowgrihFIy0

578.  Scorpio February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Money, Money, Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rdu39DhD1o8

579.  Scorpio February 2018 Intuitive reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ev4JqhLhEEg

580.  Scorpio February 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyTLx2bRg2U

581.  Scorpio February Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjAcuOz5Fvw

582.  Scorpio Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgJYYx23IeI

583.  Scorpio Inutitive Tarot reading Nov 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s23X5bKVjeA

584.  Scorpio January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUInnLH43d4

585.  Scorpio January 2017 Intuitive Reading -  Opportunities are coming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZolhwTVnLY

586.  Scorpio January 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZugL7Qq530

587.  Scorpio January 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh3Hy8u5tkU

588.  Scorpio January 2020 Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QYA4p-GZ_4

589.  Scorpio July 2016 Intuitive Reading - Patience and Surrender.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6_zJGfPW90

590.  Scorpio July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Moving into a brighter future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUajRVxvYVE

591.  Scorpio July 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IQN0oophvo

592.  Scorpio July 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuxXb8-RUvg

593.  Scorpio June 2016 Intuitive Reading - The child within needs nurturing!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9o1wpCXRuI

594.  Scorpio June 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OqZyPxEzXw

595.  Scorpio June 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhjcr7GbakA

596.  Scorpio March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rN8a3G_nFq4

597.  Scorpio March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Adventure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIBzv_WJbCQ

598.  Scorpio March 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_ByaYqsY1E

599.  Scorpio March 2019 Intuitive Messages Purification.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdTgjVP8v_Q

600.  Scorpio May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading - Potential for Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlZZNdVqj1M

601.  SCORPIO May 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-zdYjhVHsw

602.  Scorpio May 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiYT5euYTY0

603.  Scorpio MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - New beginnings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_nxChLxjWw

604.  Scorpio November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Inner changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxzZZy7hGtY

605.  Scorpio November 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4wVuzo6oJc

606.  Scorpio November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6g7JtNBkS8

607.  Scorpio October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Respect Yourself!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I48zE-tbmlk

608.  Scorpio October 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szTQbyO5s8M

609.  Scorpio October 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6O7FZRw68Ik

610.  Scorpio September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Career Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1he4WlmTjA

611.  Scorpio September 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQVZkBn6Lmo

612.  Scorpio September 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62yFga3GyfE

613.  SCORPIO September Intutive Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q60OzcD6Wdc

614.  Scorpio Tarot October 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydKkXeWPEkk

615.  Seeking Recognition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMrX2kovjew

616.  Self Wealth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkwptx3vJkQ

617.  September 13th Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrxM4coulEk

618.  September 2016 videos update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ky5YjG_dT_U

619.  Show Me The Money... (What is Of Value!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwYyNwIeUww

620.  Soul Ascension - June 21 Eclipse -  Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnZLvuQTqKo

621.  Soul Healing Conversations with Roz Kincaid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMdRF4IGY9I

622.  SoulRemedi - Conscious Energy Integration App.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9Z8aUrveyo

623.  Spiritual Cleanliness - Weekly Pulse - Aug 17.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itIqLbUJun4

624.  Spirituality, Feelings and Truth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVU2cnLEsDU

625.  Staying The Course - Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvpEpU_b4qU

626.  Taurus April 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4Y9HDuz9WM

627.  Taurus April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Celebration and Recognition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UEbJPwm7Yo8

628.  Taurus April 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTThNs9r3wc

629.  Taurus April 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-D-FANe2uhg

630.  Taurus August 2016 Intuitive Reading - Financial Flow!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f36HkEPtB7c

631.  Taurus August 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2m7fnm7craY

632.  Taurus December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Spread your wings and fly!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19h710xyFHk

633.  Taurus December 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_c1u3QqodAc

634.  Taurus December 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdBLHsF9T-0

635.  Taurus December Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LHjarCMpeI

636.  Taurus February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A03TcVfIm64

637.  Taurus February 2017 Intuitive Reading - Exciting Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUW_DHbdC0A

638.  Taurus February 2018 Intuitive reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIz1XLsEvgk

639.  Taurus February 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00te1pEYgyk

640.  Taurus February Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3w4J6kzJJk0

641.  Taurus Intuitive Tarot reading December 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwVBXVcrePw

642.  Taurus Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1x2hBtYwyw4

643.  Taurus January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pv24_EWnc0

644.  Taurus January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Patience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=912z5Gtml-U

645.  Taurus January 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhmVpL8o8dg

646.  Taurus January 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-Rcx21lvMU

647.  Taurus January 2020 Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlA7m-Ey_cI

648.  Taurus July 2016 Intuitive Reading - The Wait Is Almost  Over.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbNofA_DXG4

649.  Taurus July 2017 Intuitive Reading - Transformation, New Beginnings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmoC6R7OirY

650.  Taurus July 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x94d0GNivxY

651.  Taurus July 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUxH_XJtvq0

652.  Taurus June 2016 Intuitive Reading  - Allow the pain to dissipate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzkT3GqWRuo

653.  Taurus June 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-jiD1ElQvI

654.  Taurus June 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlxiZvFlmwE

655.  Taurus March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DaZ-rOA-fBg

656.  Taurus March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Let go of Limitations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDeHpmJQFW8

657.  Taurus March 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTnKE3pguhI

658.  Taurus March 2019 Intuitive Messages Embrace Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hq-XWDIOZS4

659.  Taurus May 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading-Freedom of Judgement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1ejgvfRVgk

660.  TAURUS May 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDxh2U8klG4

661.  Taurus May 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9M1Wkp5svps

662.  Taurus MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Stop resisting changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYGs0B9gKNA

663.  Taurus November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Allow yourself to receive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tromj6zPHHc

664.  Taurus November 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anRjQueaTwU

665.  Taurus November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qP-IVoTwyUE

666.  Taurus October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Amazing Opportunities! (and Transformation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYrC_Kpbrqc

667.  Taurus October 2017 Intuitive Readings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diNUvFMGLYY

668.  Taurus October 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZT1N7uTV_Y

669.  Taurus PART 2 Tarot October 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzMtCphJbI0

670.  Taurus September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Slight Pause.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuAJP4nJKGc

671.  Taurus September 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LypvUI3bAFE

672.  Taurus September 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JizlDCl2OqE

673.  TAURUS September Intutive Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwssTaEyNgE

674.  Taurus Tarot PART 1 October 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-w71o7CbtxI

675.  Taurus Virgo Capricorn - June Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qP8kSjQtaWo

676.  Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn - July messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5golnJ4bkx0

677.  Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn - September Monthly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccXC0n05RjQ

678.  Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn August Monthly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TB5G9N6Ucuk

679.  THANK YOU and Channel Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9JrWmCNr74

680.  The Art of Observation - Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0WVMvswaJQ

681.  The Ultimate Test.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xxrq2n3DTkQ

682.  Things You Always Wanted to Know - Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUbzmgGy4KE

683.  Things you've always wanted to know #1 (1127346).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZ4OxQjafEY

684.  Things you've always wanted to know #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLd6ByytXYc

685.  Transforming Old Structures - Energy Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVw8N4zewCk

686.  Virgo April 2016  Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXQe23HyPAM

687.  Virgo April 2017 Intuitive Reading - Peace and Expansion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vwX4HOAXK8

688.  Virgo April 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyLiWRKwmCs

689.  Virgo April 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vekG5OjFcO0

690.  Virgo August 2016 Intuitive Reading -  Deal with Your Anxiety!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qK4rCKzJa4

691.  Virgo August 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXDlSoW4WQc

692.  Virgo December 2016 Intuitive Reading - Movements, Adjustments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn7iZnh-bFo

693.  Virgo December 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ry0RopXBgZQ

694.  Virgo December 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A1-jdGbdnZE

695.  Virgo December Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-FKC33Xm5g

696.  Virgo February 2016 and Love Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxM4veu7poM

697.  Virgo February 2018 Intuitive reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-2m6RGkeT4

698.  Virgo February 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYNZbB948JU

699.  Virgo February Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzlwMkWQP3w

700.  Virgo Intuitive Tarot reading Nov 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7HZKQ_MerA

701.  Virgo January 2016 and Year Overview Intuitive Tarot reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fSpwE9qInI

702.  Virgo January 2017 Intuitive Reading - Deeper understanding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFcQ6sK3NZE

703.  Virgo January 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PX7Sv70kZEI

704.  Virgo January 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-zqb1657y8

705.  Virgo January 2020 Ascension Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-9HosHp6jA

706.  Virgo July 2016 Intuitive Reading - New Beginnings!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Vudgj1SBoM

707.  Virgo July 2017 Intuitive Reading -  Recovery and Expansion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hr2BGiPHn5s

708.  Virgo July 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy778yPpxV4

709.  Virgo July 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xg5bQzpQkfE

710.  Virgo June 2016 Intuitive Reading - Revelation!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLKi7pTl6qM

711.  Virgo June 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTLUlPRT3BA

712.  Virgo June 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5y69x1m3oCE

713.  Virgo March 2016 Intuitive Tarot Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_S-3dyL8D4

714.  Virgo March 2017 Intuitive Reading - Fears and Power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmGX178bF5Y

715.  Virgo March 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdgYSRUv0qM

716.  Virgo March 2019 Intuitive Messages Get out of your Head.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHWnbx9e-60

717.  Virgo May 2016 Intuitive Reading - Hard Work and End of Struggles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4OeUV48Ql0

718.  VIRGO May 2018 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siCzZN9j6Ak

719.  Virgo May 2019 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umePpfBDzuM

720.  Virgo MayJune 2017 Intuitive Reading - Honoring your truth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1jMRK4vb7w

721.  Virgo November  2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nuMxKLnHsk

722.  Virgo November 2016 Intuitive Reading - Building Blocks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsRbmGoHAFA

723.  Virgo November 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRvMOKnV5Gc

724.  Virgo October 2016 Intuitive Reading - Anticipation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLIS84AzJEs

725.  Virgo October 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Z1Kx1JcY-w

726.  Virgo October 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxDwNETPrpY

727.  Virgo PART 2 October 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0H2-tplhrM

728.  Virgo September 2016 Intuitive Reading - Significant Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqagsuS71Ic

729.  Virgo September 2017 Intuitive Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnKErpaj1tM

730.  Virgo September 2018 Intuitive Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoTO5rDExHY

731.  VIRGO September Intuitive Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkzoiKb7RSE

732.  Virgo Tarot PART 1 October 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EjvEt1AJ3A

733.  Weekly Pulse -  Feb 17th - Surrender!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbvtBbCIYlo

734.  Weekly Pulse - Apr 13 - Preparation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibvXCazHFSw

735.  Weekly Pulse - General Message.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5GtOXSOI6Q

736.  Weekly Pulse - Mar 30 - Gaia Speaks!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GREVZPdrOqk

737.  Weekly Pulse - Mar 9 - Identity Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIdQ2a8FiyA

738.  Weekly Pulse Apr 20 - 'Combustion'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8pr3AzIQKc

739.  Weekly Pulse Apr 27 - Mind Wash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2eLOZljb9o

740.  Weekly Pulse Apr 4 - Birth & Expansion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apf4hW5CiXQ

741.  Weekly Pulse Feb 10 - Stepping over a Threshold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGV-bt_krDU

742.  Weekly Pulse Feb 24 -  The In-Between Space.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Bv2cSZ6psI

743.  Weekly Pulse Feb 3 - Inspiration!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUpNB5CwibI

744.  Weekly Pulse Jan 20 - Patience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GX6_AhYcicc

745.  Weekly Pulse Jan 27 - Persistence!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eC40kYRcGM

746.  Weekly Pulse Mar 13 - Know Your Truth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKCjR2p8ioM

747.  Weekly Pulse Mar 23 - Courage & Resilience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0_x-bBsj6Y

748.  Weekly pulse May 4 - Expect the Unexpected.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRLIXUwxTw8

749.  Weekly Pulse Messages - Dec 16th.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Az_ouuKZmv0

750.  Weekly Pulse Messages - Dec 219.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKpoCtEoI28

751.  Weekly Pulse Messages - Dec 23 - Celebrate YOU!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iedpduzNyCw

752.  Weekly Pulse Messages - Dec 30.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63avirZPerQ

753.  Weekly Pulse Messages - Dec 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVMEWItgdE4

754.  Weekly Pulse Messages - Jan 13th - Flexibiltiy!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWuGhFYeZAU

755.  Weekly Pulse Messages - Nov 11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzBkyLQ60xY

756.  Weekly Pulse Messages - Nov 25th.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7rKxHZY0mY

757.  Weekly Pulse Messages - Nov 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnVlGwI_jsY

758.  Weekly Pulse Messages - Oct 28.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrZdE_75paU

759.  Weekly Pulse Messages Nov 18.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOEQxs6Uq0U

760.  Weekly Pulse Messages, Jan 6th - Stillness and Awareness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezevgTft7xs

761.  What Are You Experiencing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qq-qnUuE_qg

762.  What Are You Learning - Collectively and Personally.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDLmKv4_iYg

763.  What Are You Releasing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gc-kuC_EF0

764.  What Are Your Keys to Success.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCnmY1FA7jc

765.  What do you focus on - Weekly Pulse Sep 14.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FMkRQ2vN8U

766.  What does Guidance want us to know.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxG74ky59DI

767.  What Doors Await You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vm33ATP0FsY

768.  What is Being Left Behind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUjB7mK-jFk

769.  What is Holding You Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wnas-KZn2E

770.  What is Your Message.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbHnFZapi4E

771.  What Is Your Path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EnMpjNTKW8

772.  What Wants To Be Revealed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCxsYArAf_c

773.  What would surprise people.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoPmh5nqePw

774.  What's About To Be Unlocked.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAvkcmTN8tM

775.  What's Holding Back Your Light (Pick A Card) Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nPLODD8qUE

776.  What's In The Stars For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JO-5TY8wiUE

777.  What's The Missing Piece.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OnUpn8r498

778.  What's Your Intention.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WfI4lkxomPA

779.  What's Your Karma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nEcsqA_0Ws

780.  Where Are You Going.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6fytj1cPvA

781.  Who Has Guidance For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xs7fM54SDko

782.  Why Are You Here (1435958).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fQNL6eXPh4

783.  Why Are You Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONEvUT_iNgU

784.  You Are a Generator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTrOR-hEyCk

785.  You Are That Which You Seek Already 111120.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf4-1NxRiIQ

786.  Your Q&A's.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBbfrIM0I_c

787.  ??BEWARE! - Scammer Posing as Me!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1vOdzH0aOY

788.  ?? What Is Your Priority ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Omi8GKxckKM

789.  ?? Aries November Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJ6O17B_dwM

790.  ?? ARIES October Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aUyM4Gj7T8

791.  ?? Taurus November Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7X2cghS6Bk

792.  ?? TAURUS October Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiObEybgKSM

793.  ?? Gemini November Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZtgJUULvM4

794.  ?? GEMINI October Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGpRSnX4RBE

795.  ?? Cancer November Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayiosaLUWJw

796.  ?? CANCER October Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnGzVAt4jtc

797.  ?? Leo November Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUTdMg12dOc

798.  ?? LEO October Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Co6pKaxrjIg

799.  ?? Virgo November Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7Hk_aWZtJE

800.  ?? VIRGO October Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5qOeVZN_v0

801.  ?? Libra November Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJgkCUWg85I

802.  ??LIBRA  October Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Be2IHt5Ze6k

803.  ?? Scorpio November Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YCS2Fkh1qw

804.  ??SCORPIO October Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nm3mkgc5HFM

805.  ?? Sagitarius November Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d220TNShqRg

806.  ?? SAGITARIUS October Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts1z_5DGnhc

807.  ?? Capricorn November Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOv8ZppaYJ4

808.  ??CAPRICORN October Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDY30YYt_bI

809.  ?? AQUARIUS  October Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gg-UlRGFVt0

810.  ?? Aquarius November Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6_B3l6u0s4

811.  ?? Pisces November Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1Knf3bWSLw

812.  ?? PISCES October Healing Messages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evOHFzeAgAQ

813.  ??Remaining Open?? - Weekly Pulse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJaTA1fVDr0

814.  ??Channel update!??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbMUBpsEuUg

815.  ??What Is Being Forged.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQ-y76mWKUo

816.  ??What Is Being Birthed?? - Spring Solstice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izZHhYzVxxM

817.  ??Triggerville?? - How to LOVINGLY Deal with Emotional Triggers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZn-wNtVa1k

818.  ??Triggers, ??Judgments & ??Following Your Path -  ?? Inspired Conversations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lQRgcbccAQ

819.  ??New 'Status Quo - Weekly Pulse??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mn_FnE2PdXA
Joanna The Healer - Medium - Videos