
1.  10 Amazing Things That Happen When You Find Your Soul Family.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3okKpyqORE

2.  10 Chilling Experiences That Reveal You Might Have Psychic Powers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VBTBYl0ab4

3.  10 Clear Signs You Are Being Contacted by a Spirit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtZM03bRNWU

4.  10 Keys to Open the Gates of the Fifth Dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMI-fmRDsoM

5.  10 Levels of Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPcU61jWwrU

6.  10 Major Differences Between 3D, 4D and 5D State of Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOU-JlBbyk4

7.  10 Signs You Are Experiencing A Recalibration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGi0gql8MoM

8.  10 Signs You are Tapping Into Your Dormant Psychic Abilities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvtoH4BQb20

9.  10 Signs You May Be Experiencing a Shift to a Higher Vibration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WaAYI4bA59Q

10.  10 Signs You've Found Your Calling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqMElaF8D3w

11.  10 Spiritual Symbols You Must Know.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpRDxoOlkE0

12.  10 Stages of Light Body Activation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_MTNBrQL0E

13.  10 Things People Don't Realize You're Doing Because You're an iNtuitive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6xbHOcQpO8

14.  10 Tips to Deflect a Psychic Attack.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9ZcJGVZlp4

15.  10 Types of Pain That Are Directly Linked to Your Emotions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNqKgdvpT-I

16.  10 Uncomfortable Signs You're Actually Becoming the Person You're Supposed to Be.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DjYhAf44y0

17.  10 Warning Signs from the Universe that Something Big is about to Happen!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCSMzIakiAE

18.  10 Ways to Shift Your Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a860b_yxZkE

19.  11 Intriguing Signs Of Intuition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOzPSs-MiKM

20.  11 Shocking Things I've Learned Since My Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbCcISSA8Bs

21.  11 Signs The Law of Attraction is Working for You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlpgjFKSIEY

22.  1111 Have You Been Seeing These Numbers Everywhere.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S89jq3y3GMw

23.  12 Laws of The Universe That Will Change Your Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N55l-VSgdeE

24.  12 Methods to Unplug from the Matrix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FimVnb66cO4

25.  12 Signs when Fairies are Near You and How to Attract Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrH_Fzi2qRo

26.  12 Signs You Have High Spiritual Intelligence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i73agjtfrvY

27.  12 Stages of Light Body Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmqbbvQ-N9k

28.  12 Things to Never Forget About Aquarius.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jpTbEyCHyg

29.  12 Things to Never Say or Do Around a Pisces.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YphQ7MLLzYE

30.  13 Signs That Show the Spirit World is Trying to Make Contact With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fejyAEZqtGo

31.  13 Signs You are Ready to Go Home to the New Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhRes4u0n7g

32.  13 Signs You Descend from a Fairy Bloodline.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9onAflsSF0A

33.  14 Things About Sagittarius to Always Remember.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHyC3RaQVGU

34.  144,000, New Lemurian DNA Activation Codes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzDFeqNLw_0

35.  15 Reasons you Should be Drinking Lemon Water Every Morning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8cRqoXz_uY

36.  15 Signs of Twin Flames and Soul Mates, How to Tell the Difference.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-J1lVxGFqM

37.  15 Tips on How to Become a Master Alchemist and Transmute Energies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwhqbTTX_7Y

38.  16 Signs a Spiritual Awakening is Forcing You to Transcend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ooqtpIjOic

39.  16 Spiritual Gifts You Didn't Know You Already Have.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vg7bPUyzo80

40.  16 Ways to Bring Positive Energy Into Your Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHGPjuyHPYk

41.  18 Signs That You're Here to Transform Human Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4si44lOiWE

42.  19 Signs You're Engaged in the Higher Dimensional Shift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNDXFykts5E

43.  19 Ways You Can Drastically Raise Your Vibration and 10 Things to Avoid That Lower It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFVB9gpRQlk

44.  20 Effective Ways to Clear and Protect Against Negative Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hElSyb_l6fU

45.  20 Signs You are a Starseed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7J6lJvFwEc

46.  20 Signs You're Becoming Your Higher Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nVp7pVN0cU

47.  20 Signs Your Soul is Getting Quantum Upgrades.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oydsl57XvSM

48.  2021 Morphogenesis, Cosmic Empowered Alchemy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBO9DQzZtBg

49.  21 Signs You Are an Intuitive Healer and Don't Even Realize It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GerSaWVoso

50.  22 Signs That You Are Embodying Your Higher Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZWZc85V_a4

51.  22 Signs That Your Higher Self is Active.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaa-oLmC-70

52.  25 Strange Symptoms People are Experiencing Worldwide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWvYF7Q4D5k

53.  25 Traits of an Awakening Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oW7U7gYQzIM

54.  29 Signs You Are Born To Be A Spiritual Healer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cQmb-1U4ls

55.  3 Crystals for Clearing Your Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFZ00gSdCiY

56.  3 Reasons Why Your Spiritual Awakening is Completely Overwhelming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgaTuo4v0g4

57.  3 Signs That You’ve Met Somebody from your Past Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cM8UKGZ_TLI

58.  31 Signs You're an Earth Angel and What to Do If You Are.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Yj2WAbu1vE

59.  3D, 4D, 5D, The Dimensions and their Differences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clG7ikTkVYE

60.  4 Amazing Ways Archangel Raphael Can Help You and How to Ask.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6Rn4PVG-fo

61.  4 Crystals for Empaths and Sensitive Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NddTO5h4-3Q

62.  4 Crystals to Help with Ascension Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYhfNC486uA

63.  4 Signs You Are Raising Your Vibrational Frequency.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxdkHXFgarI

64.  4 Signs Your Pet Has Seen a Ghost.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNP2fX0qoFQ

65.  4 Super Powers of the Highly Empathic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkOxPEo_KMQ

66.  4 Uncomfortable Symptoms of a Crown Chakra Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWzzSCvr2cU

67.  4 Ways to Unlock the Doorway to Your Subconscious.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUWEadf6r2M

68.  40 Things Your Soul Wants You to Know.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRplrRly0CQ

69.  444 Lightworker Activation Upgrades.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdqAgx_urMs

70.  4D Frequency Brings Full Transparency.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ur5KgYMETNY

71.  5 5, The Secret Code of Money Manifestation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxEIvKY2C30

72.  5 Behaviours That Show You Are Reaching a Higher Level of Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWqQXT5uANQ

73.  5 Cosmic Crystals For Starseeds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZSRg1Ot4O0

74.  5 Major Reasons Why Starseeds Struggle with Abundance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dEZhnD0fNo

75.  5 Signs of Kundalini Pre Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf6VWTXd9TA

76.  5 Signs That Show You Are a Powerful Lightworker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnO7Rp4G46s

77.  5 Signs That Your Depression Could Actually Be an Awakening Process.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bY5oMLH3ZiY

78.  5 Signs That your Life is About to Undergo a Massive Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwZ0MlkcSl8

79.  5 Signs When Your Third Eye Opens Accidentally.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ln0hp75Jwkc

80.  5 Signs You May Be a Nontraditional Shaman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sax82OOrpqc

81.  5 Signs You're Having a True Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpQPOlJD_ic

82.  5 Signs Your Third Eye is Opening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZS2fdCim7jM

83.  5 Steps to Getting What You Want.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dM451ZC7exY

84.  5 Symptoms You Will Experience When Your Pineal Gland Fully Activates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzsA7hV3B9w

85.  5 Things Old Souls Do Differently from Everyone Else.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csFCTlNjYMo

86.  5 Things that Happen When You are an Awakened Soul on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRzAtSpCt54

87.  5 Things That Happen When You're a Lightworker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cvl7VJSHJLs

88.  5 Unexpected Ways Archangel Michael Can Help You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3q2YBXaXt1U

89.  5 Ways Angels Send Help and Guidance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqyIyf8K5EM

90.  5 Ways to tell if Your Third Eye is Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nc5sQHBgrAA

91.  50 Signs of Quantum Upgrades.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OWQyF2nikE

92.  51 Spiritual Awakening Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXq6OGPlI3Y

93.  555 Activation Code, 5 Ways We are Upgrading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MldXLvbE1OA

94.  555 Gateway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXjn98DxSyo

95.  5D Ascension Timeline, How Much Longer Do We have Left.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1fSdTbxSTE

96.  6 Signs of Astral Projection You Will Notice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXhgtvr1wf4

97.  6 Signs the World is Experiencing a Spiritual Awakening Right NOW.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijJ3OZt8frM

98.  6 Signs You’re An Earth Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMEJGaM_GLI

99.  6 Things You Lose When You Become Spiritually Awakened.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqfC2y-2GlQ

100.  6 Ways To Protect Yourself From Negative Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dPbfW3Xxds

101.  6 Ways to Unlock Your Inherent Telepathic Abilities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIFrx8_pmYA

102.  7 Ancient Practices for Turning On the Pineal Gland and Opening the Spiritual Eye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5ZaERfCBps

103.  7 Levels of the Ascension Path Revealed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fS-J3y0lMo

104.  7 Mind Blowing Facts About Your Body.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgymZ12yIko

105.  7 Reasons Why a Taurus is the Strongest Lover in the Zodiac.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8Xj26XJBFw

106.  7 Signature Signs of Starseeds and Lightworkers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OmdM_Dg8vg

107.  7 Signs The Universe Is Trying To Show You Something Through Synchronicity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vxh9g3lpec

108.  7 Signs You are Receiving Cosmic Information That You Shouldn't Ignore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kCDF57uDRI

109.  7 Signs You Might Be an Alchemist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcUf1Ikg1W8

110.  7 Signs You're Entering The 5th Dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3U4uuAzX70

111.  7 Signs Your 3rd Eye is Open.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6I1KovOpY2M

112.  7 Signs your Guardian Angel is Trying to Contact You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRZAjYiLEdo

113.  7 Things Your Higher Self Wants You to Remember, No Matter What Your Ego Says.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehmeta8Dee8

114.  7 Tips to Receive Guidance from Your Higher Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wumMq80MUJc

115.  7 Twin Flame Telepathic Connection Signs and Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbboyV05yt0

116.  7 Uncomfortable Symptoms You Feel While Your Body Goes Through Merkaba Activation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mq-QvkTh8bI

117.  7 Ways Our Multi Dimensional Soul Tribe Communicates With Us.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QJc5aZ3FxY

118.  7 Ways to Connect with Your Spirit Team.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PEB-AbPo1E

119.  7 Ways to Read the Frequency of Your Consciousness and Reshape Your Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9z1LvuxtRmg

120.  7 Ways to Shield your Aura.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baq5GXszHmc

121.  72 Year Old Prophecy, Extraordinary Rapid Waves of Cosmic Electricity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymit5vCHq8k

122.  777 Number Meaning, Know Why it Appears Everywhere.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TrZIXuGX7s

123.  8 Amazing Things That Will Happen When You Practice Grounding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOG75zhAPNs

124.  8 Magical Signs You've Cosmically Aligned With the Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Os5MShhOLP4

125.  8 Manifestation Rituals You Haven’t Tried Yet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOwCJFLElUI

126.  8 Most Common Spiritual Messages Received from Your Deceased Loved Ones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LL2gn-IRDgM

127.  8 Signs That You are Experiencing Light Body Merkaba Activation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ACAuPwNILc

128.  8 Signs the World is Undergoing a Paradigm Shift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WnznIH8YfA

129.  8 Signs You are Going Through Energetic Changes Associated with Recent Waves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc_BA8O4wt0

130.  8 Signs You Have a Hidden Psychic Ability.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlXYdJE7UEg

131.  8 Signs Your Spirit Guides Want to Talk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vw1aagJ2v0

132.  8 Simple Ways to Reach a Higher Vibration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQ6A7OrTicA

133.  9 Characteristics of Spirit Warriors, Are You the Chosen One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSWMRIlrmbY

134.  9 Dream Symbols You Shouldn't Ignore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvUPGl26Xjw

135.  9 Signs a Certain Someone is Thinking of You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dmSyppr6hQ

136.  9 Signs That You are a Fringe Dweller.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nslmg2_LfI8

137.  9 Signs Your Twin Flame is Communicating With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVXyYrbh79Y

138.  9 Things Only Awakened Souls Will Understand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gInZU_hIaVE

139.  9 Types of Pain That Are Directly Linked to Emotional States.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxyViD98Pm0

140.  A 5th Dimensional Knowing vs A 3rd Dimensional Belief.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2nI2peHFyk

141.  A Message for Lightworkers, Channels & Healers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vscQXD12lM8

142.  A Message for the Advanced Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOxGvVb3MDA

143.  A Message from Gaia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejNvxHQeThU

144.  A Message from My Arcturian Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xoh27JlvtAw

145.  A Mindset Shift to Liberate Your Innate Freedom, The Council of Radiant Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fus1NVCfeZs

146.  A New Breed of Humans, What to Expect From the Children Incarnating Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFgG6uoSctI

147.  A New Matrix Provides A New Hologram For Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SneMGyLfoYI

148.  A Supernatural Event Coming Soon According to Hypnosis Clients.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PbAR-p6BbE

149.  About Fairies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TO5BjJjSQ7A

150.  Accessing More Downloads, Upgrades & Activations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZikT1rSbOlQ

151.  Activate your Pineal Stargate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxAdX6GcB5g

152.  Activating Your DNA, Shifting Your Blueprint.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqSvgsqlngs

153.  Activating your Spiritual Mission.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUSiep5rU_g

154.  Adama, Telos, Mt  Shasta, California.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLul-yXF23Y

155.  Adaptations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fM1Jeid4QXI

156.  All About Shadow People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cN9ppmr8tbI

157.  All Eyes in the Galaxy are on the Awakened.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzfZx_F14Ws

158.  All Is Being Orchestrated.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDxcRLnE0Ec

159.  Allies in the Spirit World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-gRe0C59zk

160.  Amar, The Lighted Ones, The Accelerated Timeline Has Been Chosen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPbVXAw414A

161.  Amethyst Meaning, Properties, Uses, and Powers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LER4h9Eov_g

162.  An Alien Message to Mankind, Do You Wish That We Show Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yASRdXuvaB4

163.  An Essential Piece of the Awakening Process.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Bw8KUnqBeU

164.  An Exciting New Alliance is Coming to Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNFy5iRvTlg

165.  An Underground City of Giants Discovered in the Grand Canyon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDcPAg8afKM

166.  Angel Number 1010 and its Meaning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPTXDm3ZU0o

167.  Angel Number 1111 and the Amazing Potential it Carries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5EBbUU-ttA

168.  Angel Number 222, What Does 222 Mean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTcN551uXDA

169.  Angel Number 888, What Does It Mean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sF1KT4u9tAQ

170.  Angelic Guides, How To Manifest Abundance in Your Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHtJ4Y9E9g8

171.  Angelic Guides, The Key to Changing Anything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH4ozSoV6k0

172.  Angelic Guides, When You Feel Stuck, Your Work is Vibrational Not Physical.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGPqpgu_0KM

173.  Angelic Guides, When You Have a Desire, You Must Stay Put.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jJ_CleWN-0

174.  Angelic Guides, You Didn’t Come Here to Struggle, How to Allow With Ease.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWjw_AIUp2k

175.  Angelic Guides, You Will Now Begin to See Everything Fall Neatly Into Place.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRNsq7zLuRk

176.  Anshar, Apology to the Surface Population.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYW_dRA06M0

177.  Archangel Chamuel, Closing the Gap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwptUz-l4rc

178.  Archangel Metatron and the 33rd Dimension, The Manifestation Point.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkJWNjY5TTo

179.  Archangel Metatron, Heal Yourself First, Then Manifest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9F3G6FFCJvc

180.  Archangel Metatron, Letting In The PURE Love You Are Receiving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qCYlgSlM5M

181.  Archangel Metatron, Transforming Negative and Fear Based Energies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qci709sSZqg

182.  Archangel Michael and Merlin, The Magic of Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zl5tKfNcP7A

183.  Archangel Michael,  The Prophecy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X287BGl_QK8

184.  Archangel Michael, 11 11 Event, The Arrival!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sahnj1DCjQA

185.  Archangel Michael, 5D is Within You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vu7Cnfl-1Cs

186.  Archangel Michael, A Great Energy Gateway Has Opened!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqMe286vpkQ

187.  Archangel Michael, A Major Leap is About to Take Place.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AnAnTzDvjE

188.  Archangel Michael, A Message for Humanity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Js-nxN5hdeY

189.  Archangel Michael, A New Cycle of Creation is In Progress.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1S-79itdgdE

190.  Archangel Michael, A New Day Has Dawned for Human Kind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fn3xJ0RHRK4

191.  Archangel Michael, A Vision For The Future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwHHpaSLmUc

192.  Archangel Michael, A Wondrous Creation, The Physical Vessel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4yuQqROAzU

193.  Archangel Michael, Accelerated Ascension Process.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTqjamsn96k

194.  Archangel Michael, Access Expanded Capacities through Your Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qda9chzS51w

195.  Archangel Michael, All DNA in the Universe is Being Upgraded.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAenH2kFeok

196.  Archangel Michael, An Invitation for this New Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mk88ZCvk2aY

197.  Archangel Michael, Are You a Starseed Wayshower.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZAriePyviM

198.  Archangel Michael, Are You Ready for Liberation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMHDc5eVcYg

199.  Archangel Michael, Are You Ready to Make a Commitment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYngY0gmCaA

200.  Archangel Michael, Are You Ready.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfFbHWtMKtQ

201.  Archangel Michael, Avatars, Ascended Masters, Great Beings of Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYQI6bcPHfs

202.  Archangel Michael, Becoming an Emissary of Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkihKTTBP0E

203.  Archangel Michael, Come! The Energies of the New Earth are Amassing!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcWcZG0qI3I

204.  Archangel Michael, Creating a New Empowered You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1F_M07HQc4

205.  Archangel Michael, Defeating the Archons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTCDoSZK_ns

206.  Archangel Michael, Empowering a Life of Ease.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_WYzJTyQuk

207.  Archangel Michael, Enhancing Your Power to Manifest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVQk3eqm4LQ

208.  Archangel Michael, Entering Heaven Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqoyFG4qSA4

209.  Archangel Michael, Etheric Sleep Chambers, DNA Upgrades in Delta State.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxGisOL_3Pg

210.  Archangel Michael, Harmonising the Physical, Mental and Emotional Bodies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMfL4uEIiuE

211.  Archangel Michael, If We Appear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGcuJo-l5sw

212.  Archangel Michael, Intense Levels of Gamma Light are Pounding the Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n93aXYa_6OI

213.  Archangel Michael, Keepers of the Violet Flame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rShs_7jjmng

214.  Archangel Michael, Messages from Beyond the Solar System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6lRyhB_Gg4

215.  Archangel Michael, Money, It's a Matter of Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dlf-Q_8xKqA

216.  Archangel Michael, Moving From The 3D Matrix To The New Crystalline Light Grid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Faf-T4LSHw0

217.  Archangel Michael, Open Letter to Ascending Starseeds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HjIpjZfad4

218.  Archangel Michael, Opening the Portal to Your Sacred Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws-8C6FJnM4

219.  Archangel Michael, Perfecting Your Skills as a Co Creator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHI8eLu2l48

220.  Archangel Michael, Phases of Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3yoVW5uOdc

221.  Archangel Michael, Photon Belt and Stargate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ATsjdgXkOI

222.  Archangel Michael, Post Third Wave, A Message of Freedom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IcF6adRnV8

223.  Archangel Michael, Relationships and Your Sacred Union.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0U-1D5cGOSQ

224.  Archangel Michael, Second and Third Wave of Humanity's Mass Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZVl2ryAw0k

225.  Archangel Michael, Second and Third Wave of Mass Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-_ApMLu6E4

226.  Archangel Michael, Seeking Peace from Within.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0AjGrQQmFg

227.  Archangel Michael, Stop Apologizing For What You Want.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOkjPKllTlQ

228.  Archangel Michael, Synchronicities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_D6kYcc5oI

229.  Archangel Michael, The Ecstasy of Sacred Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpwveTF3Uuw

230.  Archangel Michael, The Fiery Forces of Creation are Sweeping the Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLhrFxCJet8

231.  Archangel Michael, The Final Phase of Human 5D Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0R78rxewbs

232.  Archangel Michael, The Generosity of You Being You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm_9L4HrBDo

233.  Archangel Michael, The Golden Age Has Come.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_DnhUMQoNA

234.  Archangel Michael, The Law of Attraction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbZvv2dq1SE

235.  Archangel Michael, The Morphogenesis of the Human Race.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J3RebWdqwg

236.  Archangel Michael, The New Age of Spiritual Human Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tS_xXKYozo

237.  Archangel Michael, The New Beginning and the Empty Space.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdcLVa5bBnA

238.  Archangel Michael, The Next Level of Spiritual Awareness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPBMkhHvM2s

239.  Archangel Michael, The Physical Vessel, A Wonderous Sacred Creation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oghx5s_SSWw

240.  Archangel Michael, The Physical Vessel, A Wondrous Sacred Creation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrPVGfseNCQ

241.  Archangel Michael, The Power and Majesty of the Elements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s905qacjqgQ

242.  Archangel Michael, The Sun Gate and Grand Climax of Humanity’s Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmE4mtIY70c

243.  Archangel Michael, Twin Flame Divine Masculines, End of Karmic Situations is Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAe7prgUXYc

244.  Archangel Michael, Twin Flames, Are You Ready Pack Your Bags!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NtWYhzAJm4

245.  Archangel Michael, Twin Healing is Urgent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1SKbVewXdw

246.  Archangel Michael, Where Your Abundance Truly Lies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzvtOA7t8Wo

247.  Archangel Michael, Who are You Talking To.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjS5Qi4k0xo

248.  Archangel Michael, Wondering Who You Really are You are Becoming Your Own Guide Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rOCd-xb81E

249.  Archangel Michael, You Are a Star of Cosmic Sacred Fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bePsqvk0TvM

250.  Archangel Michael, You Are in the Midst of a Spiritual Revolution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ds2pcb7OfIo

251.  Archangel Michael, You Are Now Being Prepared For The Floodgates To Open!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPvdUU82mDI

252.  Archangel Michael, You are the Greatest of Angels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rS34LJPLcP8

253.  Archangel Raphael, The Event is Now Underway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=819I2kPDgjA

254.  Archangel Uriel, No Celestial Object Will Hit Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9plPts_NKM

255.  Arcturian Council Message for Light Warriors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJC_oXjDcK0

256.  Are we living in a Simulated Reality The Game of Life and How to Play It!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PW9e8UPj6rM

257.  Are YOU a Starseed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtekI-NUrGU

258.  Are you a Walk In Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLOWejCWhcs

259.  Are You an Indigo, a Crystal, or a Rainbow Child.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mrm5LYlhWgs

260.  Are You Experiencing Advanced Energy Shift Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ff4ZJT1rxi0

261.  Are You Feeling a Big Change Coming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekj-wrDRqpg

262.  Are You Going Through These Body Changes Right Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_mYSXX6LF4

263.  Are You in The 1`% of the Population That is Genetically of Higher Frequency.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tekD7Vnp2A

264.  Are You in The Void Phase.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxzJhBNb8Vw

265.  Are You Living in an A I  Simulation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imJxkojlUsE

266.  Are You Prepared for The Shift, The Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NcM3rTFa18

267.  Are You Suffering from Ascension Weariness Syndrome.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQe46s1KM_8

268.  As the Old Matrix Unravels, New Earth Replaces the Old.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkIkj-WTiKI

269.  Ascended Master André, Magical Time Approaching.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVVjx0847BA

270.  Ascended Masters in Physical Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41RXD9lamxU

271.  Ascending Into 5D.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5TJcfsw7MI

272.  Astrology, 7 Reasons Why Everyone Should Give It a Chance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymoPWgv2OFo

273.  Atlantis & The Orion Wars Are Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBmQu6qxe2M

274.  Attacks on the Divine Feminine Have Increased!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEV3fD_dIvQ

275.  Awakened Collective, It’s Time to Rise Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dixZqbOomg

276.  Awakened Stasis Giants Secretly Located & Imprisoned by Global Elite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGXJi2mG16Q

277.  Awakening Energy is Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KVSNeAXjdQ

278.  Awakening to the Fifth Dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqlvyiSQsWo

279.  Beginning Phase of Frequencies Separating on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2im3-WkvJxc

280.  Bio-Neurology.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I4FRpSEfz_I

281.  Black Obsidian, The Smoking Mirror.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdttGqw0kVQ

282.  Blood Pressure of Those Awakened.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9X9TEEwG078

283.  Blue Aura People, Personality Traits and Romance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwEfRpcTNm8

284.  Body Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_A_hpkEiuY

285.  Body Temperature During the Crystalline Process.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XauJO03aYgw

286.  Breaking The Hypnotic Code Of Reptilians, How To See Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOP5Lo44unM

287.  Butterflies are Spiritual Messengers, Here's What They Mean for You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOdlw8Sb95o

288.  Capricorn SuperMoon   Planting Seeds for Long Term Success & Fulfillment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2NGqwvcUlw

289.  Cats as Divine Messengers, Animal Angels, Spirit Guides and Totems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Yj5Oog18VA

290.  Cats Protect You and Your Home from Ghosts and Negative Spirits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftwcwDAnw_I

291.  Cause and Effect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19q42tnRncU

292.  Choose a Key, Read the Meaning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVC55xRPHc4

293.  Choose a Symbol, See What It Means.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DDumZsF5AY

294.  Codes for Unlocking the Secrets in Your DNA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cm_Zl3-vyZo

295.  Commander Ashtar, Prepare The Way For Meeting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyEVvfqOZ3w

296.  Commander Ashtar, The Event Called Disclosure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QS8sFGc3NKI

297.  Commander Sharman the Pleiadian, Can You See Us.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwTVVfld3U4

298.  Commander Sharman the Pleiadian, The Fifth Dimensional NOW.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mhXb-vOjHE

299.  Commander Sharman the Pleiadian, We Are You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w14rirYpAyE

300.  Commander Zarton, We Have Decided to Attempt a First Contact with Your Species.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11v5jgDPvQ0

301.  Compelling Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atfwHmqndpY

302.  Connecting to the New Grid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjMu0mpRkxI

303.  Consent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwUZib7acbE

304.  Core Wounds, Soul Family Reunions, and Time Glitches.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJGGSmnczlI

305.  Cosmic Light Wave Coming Our Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIa967oYAjw

306.  Cosmic Recalibration, You are Not Alone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcdUasOu_wk

307.  Creating Your Path to the Fifth Dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMsO2g47Pug

308.  Deactivating the Energy of Lack, Limitation, The Council of Radiant Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq9GVWxhzc4

309.  Delivering Everything You Need in Every Moment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RV9uW3g5eTU

310.  Difference Between Being an Empath and Being a LightWorker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_TQaItqa0k

311.  Different Types of Twin Flame Connections.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsyYZxv3qTM

312.  Discover Who You are Most Compatible With, According to Your Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLs1pppmrqU

313.  Discovering our Psychic Abilities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggba9FZOoXI

314.  Dismantling Society’s Systems of Control.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wGGmF6nCGs

315.  Dissolution of Quarantine Barriers and Protocols are Beginning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFEAT1xmz1A

316.  Dissolving the 3D Personality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnMrhUig7hU

317.  Ditching Physical Expectation in the Great 5D Shift, Finding Paradise Within.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LE0H8gKtL20

318.  Divine Timing in Human Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xq4vNKMzA8

319.  DNA Activation, Upgrade and Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gaa6Oci3wAw

320.  DNA Activations for Gaia Leading to the Ultimate Shift in Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9ChOFYEido

321.  Do People with Social Anxiety and High IQs Have a Rare Psychic Gift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcLmGdG867E

322.  Do You Have a High Vibration 10 Signs of a Vibrational Shift to Look For.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_Za5H_Ndq8

323.  Do You Have Rh Negative Blood Your DNA Doesn’t Come From Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYwcxTU53Bc

324.  Do You Hear Perpetual High Pitched Frequencies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7vj8eeEhX0

325.  Downloads, What They Are and Where They Come From, Your Akashic Records.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFqvjxOnBOI

326.  Dustin Rolls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4tWFK3j3_M

327.  Each Zodiac Sign Has a Magical Ability, Which One is Yours.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHUJa3lXrL4

328.  Ears Ringing The Frequencies Are Amping Up!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHBdT5i37a8

329.  Earth's Ascension, Next Steps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUSuzbnP2mc

330.  Edgar Cayce, The Powers of the Lapis Lazuli Stone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aL-zg79rZFc

331.  Eleven Ways to Boost Your Ascension Process.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlaHNzcZSP8

332.  Energies Upon You & the Energies Coming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDGCETOYeOM

333.  Energy Update and Planetary Shifts, The Councils of Light and Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arsGPsvU5PI

334.  Enochian, The Mysterious Lost Language of Angels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpij-0bOUSE

335.  Every Single Person You've Met in Your Life is There for One of These 5 Cosmic Reasons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUWG7bZGuFE

336.  Everything is Fake, Top 40 Pieces of Fakery in Our World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVU0ejX8cgs

337.  Everything's Coming Up Roses.mp4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmbnPgYIrbg

338.  Evolution into Our Fifth Dimensional SELF.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CeVs6i8Nag

339.  Expansion of Consciousness Changes Physical Body Density and Dimensions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QI64oGBs41w

340.  Explaining the Power of Crystals to Skeptics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViKSefKGjdo

341.  Extreme Shifts in the Astral Levels of Earth, Massive Planetary Shifts!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPwB9hPwNiQ

342.  False Teachers, The Masks are Coming Off.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhoyG39N5Jc

343.  Family Karma, How to Release Energetic Ties from Your Ancestors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuHiMH6E-CA

344.  Fifth Dimension Has No Rules of Permanence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAkkcQF6ZKE

345.  Finding the Doorway Out of the Matrix (1232564).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3pEab7mgc8

346.  Finding the Doorway Out of The Matrix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruORtgPNOtk

347.  Five Powerful Invocations for Manifestation Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTKwsYVCK4g

348.  Focus on the Light Within You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZ8enhkgFzw

349.  Following the Clues that Your Soul is Offering You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2-lVhK-ORI

350.  Freedom, May 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3ehGsvGfJM

351.  Frequency Changes Everything, Let’s Switch Timelines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t05BqzjbN0w

352.  Full Moon in Aquarius, July 23-24, Unity, Equality, Service Work, Technology.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BkdTBGjeMY

353.  Gaia’s 5D Shift, The Adventure of a Lifetime is Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tcQ-s4ccAQ

354.  Galactic Council of Light, Third Wave Moving Beyond the 3rd Dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OgdLccKb8Q

355.  Galactic Family, Remember the First Contact You Already Had.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jB2nb46TXU

356.  Galactic Family, The Great Reunion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUD51zs2auw

357.  Galactics Settling on Gaia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTsf1k3b_JA

358.  Gemini Solar Eclipse, The Mind, Innovation, Healing Core Wounds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CT9vLBbfUGs

359.  Genetic Engineering.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MEVYf0h73w

360.  GeoStorms Heighten Emotional, Spiritual, and Physical States.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGXC1oFAUf8

361.  Get Ready for an Amazing Ride.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn0y0_Yz8wU

362.  Get Ready for Your Mission, No more Excuses, It is Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHXEIa0ETcw

363.  Get Rid of These 14 Things and You Will Feel Happiness for the Rest of Your Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWFdST28UJs

364.  Getting Through The Dark Night Of The Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ODJhVsg1kNM

365.  Giant Underwater Humanoids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1nLz0n4WKA

366.  Global Restructuring.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy4Ux0heasU

367.  Go With Your Gut.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPHxwSPvXOM

368.  Good Bye Linear Time, The Return to Unity Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NywCNrs3mk

369.  Having the Eyes to See.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6kerIJ8mZ8

370.  Heal Yourself and the World with the Violet Flame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQ1IdJbiUSM

371.  Healers, 5th Dimensional Negative Energy to Watch Out For in People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKdd6MBXfCk

372.  Healing the Cosmic DNA Helix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PEvKgZSDtVQ

373.  Help Arcturians Repair the 5D Crystalline Grid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6w2gM_x3Hs

374.  Hesitant to Put Yourself First, The Council of Radiant Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sg0hiQXA2mk

375.  Hidden Talents According to Your Zodiac.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOXDToZ7ScY

376.  High Vibrational Energy Waves Kill Black Goo and Render AI Technology Inert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhBTMkihqV4

377.  Higher Frequency Energies to Come from the 9th Dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbQXaY14jzs

378.  Horus, The Event is Underway!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGy-YVKhvjM

379.  How Black Tourmaline Can Help The Empath During These Unprecedented Times.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33ChLtYC13U

380.  How Can You Tell if You're Being Spiritually Guided 15 Discernment Tools (1613607).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--1brABR580

381.  How Can You Tell if You're Being Spiritually Guided 15 Discernment Tools.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWDmpLa2k0k

382.  How Do I Know If My Guides Are Contacting Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwJnIa6XU8g

383.  How Each Sign Of The Zodiac Expresses Their Anger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIHZ6W-SC1I

384.  How Humanity Stays on Mission.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLQ90yNFS-8

385.  How Many of These Awakening Symptoms Have You Experienced.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcM8Dv-jKCY

386.  How To Activate Your Light Body.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMRoBiGAWAs

387.  How to Bring About Massive Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DcuygXodmY

388.  How to Change Timelines Right Now Through the Ripple Effect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbuxJ1hlJj4

389.  How to Communicate Instantly with Your Higher Self for Speedy Manifesting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC7mCGrr-jo

390.  How to Contact Your Guardian Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBv-W45evJc

391.  How to Deprogram your Subconscious Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_20vckFaR04

392.  How To Deprogram Yourself.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ts-Arn9thho

393.  How to Effectively Slip into Your Preferred Future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNoBPqWU3bY

394.  How to Find Your Starseed Markings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLEvI7OJmnU

395.  How to Get Answers from Your Intuition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlR_-7nkyJw

396.  How to Meet Your Tribe & Soulmate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbPh5Ql6aa8

397.  How To Practice Your Metaphysical Abilities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksasIIBoLBk

398.  How to Prepare for the Tsunami Wave of Cosmic Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5N-hXOCNG4M

399.  How to Prepare for The Wave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aC6lzpTpDpw

400.  How to Read Auras and the Meaning of Each Color.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mbNcKoG7nk

401.  How to Remember the Future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKWOculJFdg

402.  How to Remember Your Past Lives.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCnSUMQIPHc

403.  How to Sense the Presence of Angels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W8TRTbTZbY8

404.  How To Shift Into A Parallel Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XodWubV944

405.  How to Survive Going Up in Vibration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0zP4S_twBo

406.  How to Visualize Your New Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACk2hCuEKjM

407.  How Your Sovereignty Affects Others, The Council of Radiant Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wI-ruQPWOBs

408.  Humanity at the Crossroads.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8M_d9mHoHM

409.  Humanity Just Avoided a Very Dark Timeline.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54oTIZl53TU

410.  I Am Your Lightbody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vRtzEvieaA

411.  If Any of These 15 Animals Show Up Too Often, You're Being Contacted from Above.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m1Vf2zsBqI

412.  If You Experience Any of These 10 Signs Around Someone They are From Your Soul Group.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvNouBhB5Gc

413.  If You Experience Any of These 10 Signs You Have Finally Met Your Soulmate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-Xx9XMsLqM

414.  If You Experience Any of These 14 Signs, You Have Merged Your Darkness and Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5wjpum4ta8

415.  If You Experience Any of These 20 Signs, Your Soul is Getting Quantum Upgrades.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zxscWmDpDE

416.  If You Experience Any of These 7 Signs With Someone, They Are Your Cosmic Connection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lD_ibFXcnN8

417.  If You Experience Any of These 9 Signs You Are At High Levels of Advanced Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BP1rHPQBlYU

418.  If You Experience Any of These Signs You are Evolving into The Next Level of Humanity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vi6tMv6LYRA

419.  If You Experience Any of These Signs Your Consciousness is Rising to Higher Dimensions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hNKcQFPtzk

420.  If You Experience Any of These Signs, You Are Walking the Highest Path of Your Purpose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUnWDiuYS4I

421.  If You Experience Any of These Signs, You Radiate a High Vibration of Positive Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Uwwuw3iFlY

422.  If You Have Any of These 10 Characteristics, You Are One of The 144,000 Prophesized Lightworkers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kpdv7mXlMZU

423.  If You Have Any of These 14 Traits You are an Advanced Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9dhEsoNIMM

424.  If You Think Witchcraft is Evil, You Can't Be More Wrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81JR8Xg5TSc

425.  Illuminating Solstice Gateway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=To1Szpj4qYI

426.  Implanted Thoughts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFN5cDPTYXQ

427.  Increased StarGate Travel and Timeline Convergence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqG-8ilhKUY

428.  Incredible Superpowers You Didn't Know You Had.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K36fdsclrNU

429.  Indigo, Crystal and Rainbow Children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDkCH8B9FkA

430.  Intense Ascension UPgrades Happening Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEyvgR9wBB0

431.  Intuition and Psychic Senses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIe0P51bM70

432.  Is Ascension Really Happening (1647791).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sU_Q_cMGEjk

433.  Is Ascension Really Happening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02qE46EVgkk

434.  Is the Schumann Resonance Rising to Reflect Higher Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysiL9FG8QyM

435.  It Started, The Bifurcation of Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElxdINMnEzs

436.  It's Time to Find Your Soul Tribe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-AIPeWzV00

437.  Japan Arriving at the 2011 Rose Parade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOpgmfW4eTk

438.  Jesus, Cosmic Plan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrAFaXiSvKE

439.  Jesus, Now Is The Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrPcvw9AsEI

440.  Jesus, The Healing Potential of Sound.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMGyNj_D_V0

441.  Joining the Galactic Federation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUWGaeFKDSk

442.  Keep Seeing The Numbers 1111, 911, or 2121 Everywhere.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ryxq4a3tL4E

443.  Know You Are Not Crazy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAwtRn_XMjg

444.  Kundalini Activation, WTF is Happening to My Body.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofzEsBWt7IE

445.  Kundalini Awakening Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQhy8i52IGs

446.  Kundalini, Physical Symptoms, Mental and Emotional, Ways to Help.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sq7tbW-MXlQ

447.  Law of One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ni_H02Md-ag

448.  Letting It All Go.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8QdRtrzP2I

449.  Ley Lines, The KEY To Unlocking The Matrix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlQxnco9O8c

450.  Libra Supermoon, Balance, Unity, Healing Relationships & Childhood Wounds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0n4XvloFmcU

451.  Light Workers and The Lost Art of Transmuting Fear into Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0SK9OJSrZec

452.  Lightbody Activation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0Et58OPBy8

453.  Lightwarriors Fear Not What is Happening to You, Everything is Perfect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjAHjRbg4dM

454.  Lightworker Syndrome.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wk6txX5UfPQ

455.  Lightworkers Being Thrown Out of The Matrix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJgD51ijNaA

456.  Lining Up, Letting Go, and Letting In Your Life’s Mission.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZDNVydPvAg

457.  Living 5D Consciousness Now, 5 Typical Experiences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3N-3j4cwkK4

458.  Living in 5D While in a Crazy 3D World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWa_V2VYfb0

459.  Living With and Assisting Walk Ins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPTniF5VOI8

460.  Lord Melchizedek, The 144,000 Emissaries of Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7MTAOzsenI

461.  Love Coming in from the Higher Realms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfENwQdfwfc

462.  Lucid Dreaming, 9 Steps to be Awake During Dreams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_tZehhrAYw

463.  Magical Activation Coming That Will Positively Alter Timelines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpH9dB3QMFo

464.  Manifesting and Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aq9N-RYNiNA

465.  Mary Magdalene, End of the Old World Order.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTTDmXSEuLI

466.  Mass Awakenings Are Coming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PROnHTFOs5U

467.  Mass Awakenings Have Created an Energetic Net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eK9fwkTMQk0

468.  Massive Changes on Earth!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJiwzpQl7uE

469.  Massive Fleet of Light Ships are Connecting, Etheric Implants are Disabled.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L85IT7_tn18

470.  Massive Walk Out Of Souls In Preparation For The Shift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwR_IIgoHK4

471.  Meeting Mentors in Your Astral Travels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhylZklM5uU

472.  Message for Light Warriors, Game On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0PQonCPSK8

473.  Message for Lightworkers from Council of Twelve.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM_2jggEAlQ

474.  Message from New Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6F_NbxC_i0k

475.  Message from Sirius B, The Event is the Outcome of Your Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpdkjQnBUMg

476.  Message from the Arcturian Council of Twelve.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4KXG0xGwvE

477.  Message from the Feline Race.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5CKNLZTtgw

478.  Message to Humanity and the Earth, It is Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jl_V-oL6dR0

479.  Message to the 144,000 on Earth Star Gaia Terra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaH3TzX6YMc

480.  Metaphysical Healing Techniques, Try Healing Yourself Today.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEuOU9Q99sA

481.  Metatron, Rainbow Frequency, Your Importance in the Ascension of Gaia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK3_avwO2MY

482.  Metatron, This is the Clarion Call, The Power of Your Merkaba.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hbreYq-Dic

483.  Mira from the Pleiadian High Council, A Plan For Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhLemE8AFgY

484.  Mira from the Pleiadian High Council, Your Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27_VdNbVWwQ

485.  More Extra Terrestrial Contact is Coming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwmBszo96C0

486.  More Walk-Ins are Arriving Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2j7rn6yWqbI

487.  Mother Sekhmet, 144,000 Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9uSXAGH2Mk

488.  Mother Sekhmet, Don't You Know Who You Are.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPcQ2GRKSxs

489.  Mother Sekhmet, Welcome to Niburu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUdo10ZUqx0

490.  Moving Through the Photon Belt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q88UGkMATgg

491.  Nature, Magic and Abundance, The Way of the New Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpQ0sutm4So

492.  Negative Energies & Your Mission on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_WjwSztI9w

493.  New Ascension Symptoms Bring Bizarre Pains and Memory Loss.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0A_72NqDjA

494.  New Earth Humanity Codes 2222 The Rift Has Been Sealed Through this Recent Stargate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHhFTP0Xvrk

495.  New Earth Replaces Old Earth as We Learn to Shift Our Own Realities from Within.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cSrq1SokNo

496.  New Energy Delivery Systems on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbCzzxrHTfw

497.  New Galactic Codes Are Coming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceaUzSPtCoM

498.  New Moon & Stellium in Aries, Kickstarting Your Destiny.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-fLHTpSQ-s

499.  New Moon in Cancer, July 9,  Healing the Home and Childhood Wounds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lioEOFZd_5U

500.  New Moon in Pisces, Honoring All Emotions, Exploring the Dream World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBQRt_y5iYQ

501.  New Ways to Deliver Downloads & Activations to You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65hF2sCf7tA

502.  Nibiru Showed Up in My Dreams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NePk3_Uybss

503.  No More Holding Space for Others at This Time, Proceed Ahead, They Will Follow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lksZMxfpAJ0

504.  Now That I Have My Crystals, What Do I Do With Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y74OXR3j-s4

505.  Old Souls, The Knowledge of Your Eternal Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlGDk_9n0sE

506.  One Ascension Level Up, What the Different Waves Experience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2r6k2iLLQ0

507.  Ongoing Upgrades.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1AZOdUMXzI

508.  Opening Portals to More Arcturian Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7mlkUePpqI

509.  Ophiuchus, Our 13th Sign and Our Future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8-V7mY92m8

510.  Our Fifth Dimension Family.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3eMY4PuIbI

511.  Our Journey to New Earth, Those who are Ascending, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQ0RGodQm0E

512.  Our Journey to New Earth, Those who are Ascending.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DX7sluyHkU

513.  Parallel Universes & You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imRc99PQgbA

514.  Parasites.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wj4TvY8hBNU

515.  PCC Drumline Warmup 12-30-10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETiHqmiz-Vs

516.  PCC Honor Drumline Double Beat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERbZiICB4hk

517.  People With a Spiritual Gift are Affected by These 6 Strange Things.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P59bzbNvkHk

518.  Physical Pains And Their Metaphysical Meanings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdWoW9VwbN0

519.  Physical Upgrades & Ascension Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uL6Tmdxohok

520.  Planetary Ascension Update, Increasing Sentience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyTELLa1PNg

521.  Pleiadian Starseed, What You Didn’t Know About Pleiadians.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxCOti_vDzY

522.  Pleiadian Temples of Earth – Rebuilding the Civilization of Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vT7PwMPcff4

523.  Pleiadians and Arcturians, Which Reality is the REAL Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNdO-40ksHs

524.  Powerful Awakenings Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkLXHIUHJpY

525.  Preparing for Cosmic Citizenship.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhAq5LSEnr8

526.  Preparing for The Shift, The Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFUQPlXO-uk

527.  Proof That Our DNA is Genetically Mutating Right Now!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lHd-DJnfC8

528.  Protect Yourself From Negative Energies Even In Your Sleep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBqc0OEWJKs

529.  Quan Yin, Frequencies have Begun Separating.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMkmValAqys

530.  Quan Yin, Results Have Quickened.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srPDsJogbn0

531.  Queen Elizabeth Admits She is Not Human!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSFvw5V705I

532.  Queen Elizabeth To Abdicate Her Throne, What This Means To Humanity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJz1Vur884s

533.  Realm Border Crossing, Phased Shifting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSmQ8zhjyjE

534.  Receive the Waves of Energetic Help Coming In.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyvmkasJ0vs

535.  Receive This Transmission & Change Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=866UGTMEWEA

536.  Receiving Creative Downloads.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IP6fzWFHTQ

537.  Recent Accelerations in the 5D Shift and How You Might Personally Benefit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kovOzkMk_r8

538.  Recent Ascension Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4d7zOm-AVT4

539.  Recent Chakra Upgrades for Humanity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oz7LVuwQMVg

540.  Recovering our Core Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdmDnv9kB88

541.  Reframing Genius Loneliness, A Higher Purpose Revealed for Creative Misfits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gpGEHL5a0M

542.  Relationships on the Spiritual Path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp598diVlZY

543.  Remember Who You Are, It's Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdsWiv3VXUY

544.  Repeating Numbers, Find Out What They Mean, Angelic Guides.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IIwhtVJe-U

545.  Reptilians Being Removed from Underground.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHbdfB7_-EE

546.  Return to Source, The Spirit's Journey Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-X77Vck30UE

547.  Ring of Fire Solar Eclipse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83CXvYChxIQ

548.  Ringing in Left Ear Spiritual Meaning, Pay Attention.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5SbjNAQPmk

549.  Schumann Resonance And The Time Speeding Up Phenomenon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KeI2-bShEWA

550.  Schumann Resonance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YncU4EpOXw4

551.  Scientists Say We Can Sneak Into Parallel Universes Through Our Dreams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyKLG6SL1vM

552.  Scorpio SuperMoon, Taurus Stellium, Cleaning House, Shadow Work, Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YO1uPWnw_eE

553.  Shifting from the Old to the New.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0U_a35Sr4FA

554.  Shifting into Second Harmonic Universe (1979745).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-YSOelxTQQ

555.  Shifting into Second Harmonic Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xwp8u1aj0o

556.  Signs of a Psychic Attack, What You Should Know.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENbKAn2m7-Q

557.  Signs You are a Pleiadian Starseed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGFXuoGV5rs

558.  Sirian Regional Council.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AmypSl8xRCs

559.  Sliders, People Experiencing Strange Electric Phenomena.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-jJ06LeaIg

560.  So What is That Ringing in My Ears.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tkd6q1d2Ook

561.  Solar System Approaching the Closest Position to the Galactic Core!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfBY3Bd7VJo

562.  Some Thoughts on Crystals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28t80pIhR5Q

563.  Soul Ascension, Emotional and Mental Maturity, The Celestial White Beings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BQt10Wp6w4

564.  Soulmates, 7 Signs You Have Found One of Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFsz4HSAfII

565.  Speedy Manifestation, The Pleiadian High Council of Seven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8Mx8zLHkas

566.  Spirit Guides, The Higher Power That Looks Out For Us.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQpGxBnT25s

567.  Spiritual Alchemy, When Trauma and Turmoil Lead to Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hJLdGc_-afY

568.  Spiritual Immunity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D85699hBH3g

569.  Spiritual Meaning of 444, Why do You Keep Seeing It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn40Xw2LvlI

570.  Spiritual Narcissists and their False Light Propaganda.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYDKMRgbe0c

571.  Spiritual Significance of Halloween.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYgj8zGXcLY

572.  Spiritual Warfare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUMvFM1Zl_4

573.  Starseed and Royalty Survival, How to Recognize Implants and Tags.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqy1v721_9I

574.  Starseed Releasing and the Purpose of the Upcoming Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NWU9GrDcmM

575.  Starseed Symptoms Due to Awakening and DNA Activation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nvLoKk2FRc

576.  Starseeds, Understanding Your Mission and Roles on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOMvwbFIqNY

577.  Starseeds, You Will Get to Go Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKE5FvWjOuw

578.  Successfully Navigating the Current Energies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5eDpsIOGIQ

579.  Super Quantum Earth and Our New Existence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORvQUvCtCFM

580.  SuperMoon, Lunar Eclipse in Sagittarius, Mercury Station, Old Beliefs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-h8_kOIN9M

581.  Symbolic and Spiritual Meaning of Hummingbirds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NajEmJK05X8

582.  Symptoms of Energy Shifts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_0UTbxGxXA

583.  Symptoms of Timeline Jumping.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lk-ngK3y8JM

584.  Synchronicity Happens for a Reason, No Accidents, No Coincidences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AAE_OCpmRE

585.  Synchronicity Happens For A Reason.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zlxm9Y1b85A

586.  Synchronicity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDw0EkcMKX8

587.  Taurus New Moon, Dreaming Big, Honoring the Physical Body, Taking Risks, Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ko4nkdXjOZo

588.  Temporary 5D Timeline is Now Available.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlBjhvuqa_E

589.  Ten Ways to Use Your Gemstones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XZ0ocIw2Oo

590.  Tetrahedron Sacred Geometry, A Wonderful Healing Tool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKxuL-DTqLE

591.  Thalamus Upgrade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3qxmwnUIAk

592.  The 12 Light Body Activations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deRoFI3eA8w

593.  The 144,000 Download.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BccyKPzB9DY

594.  The 5 Rare Starseed Blood Types and Their Meanings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB8vkyJCsmg

595.  The 5 Stages of Awakening, Signposts and Pitfalls on the Path of Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eb1R8KKdwPA

596.  The 5 Steps for Manifesting Wealth and Abundance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsiZCfqKhEs

597.  The 7 Classes Of Paranormal Entities, According to The Ghostbusters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XpXHIRylIo

598.  The Ability to Remember Who You Are has Just Been Restored.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feFYL7D8Udc

599.  The Absolute Truth About What a Lightworker is, from The Divine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UD4IyVV7hNo

600.  The Amazing Rise of the Mandela Effect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8zYhkicQgI

601.  The Andromedans, Aligning Yourself with Your Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJazQEXpFUM

602.  The Andromedans, New Earth is Approaching Fast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koD1LSwFNEs

603.  The Angels, Heavenly Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BU2lAG6_SQI

604.  The Angels, Not the End.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hB2BhLhrdfQ

605.  The Angels, You Cannot Fail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZyKSakvrX8

606.  The Arcturian Council Message for Awakened Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcZqW_cSncY

607.  The Arcturian Council Message, The Holographic System of Control.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdLUDbURBTU

608.  The Arcturians, A Blessing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxkInFW6b1s

609.  The Arcturians, A Full Plate of Stuff to Be Acknowledged.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0sw5i_u5xE

610.  The Arcturians, A Peek Into the 5th Dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKVTXOFKK1Q

611.  The Arcturians, Accepting the Call to Transmute Gaia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8BZSO0luwY

612.  The Arcturians, Activating Human Evolution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ef3INpK8NXk

613.  The Arcturians, All is Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Upn42UyRLqw

614.  The Arcturians, All is Proceeding According to Plan (1514787).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7xyXUM4OxE

615.  The Arcturians, All is Proceeding According to Plan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6DHDzhcfPc

616.  The Arcturians, All Power is Within You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DGCTYyaWzw

617.  The Arcturians, Answering Questions About Themselves and Their Planet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4adMgaRTaI

618.  The Arcturians, Answers to Human Questions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WydrqldpI2Q

619.  The Arcturians, Be Not Afraid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TD7cbP_6N0

620.  The Arcturians, Becoming Portals of Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsyL6eDd0JM

621.  The Arcturians, Beginning Your Transitions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3_Zmbx_tGg

622.  The Arcturians, Constant Connection with Your Higher SELF.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NtMrySROYQ

623.  The Arcturians, Creation of Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKX80WRAYm0

624.  The Arcturians, Enjoy Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CflZ3-_0Udw

625.  The Arcturians, Every Soul Awakens Out of Illusion and into Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmrnDyUvZCw

626.  The Arcturians, Everything is On Track.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2XFJ_hYWV4

627.  The Arcturians, Evolution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IH5iQwz5D8

628.  The Arcturians, Examine Your Belief System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PUlEapEpco

629.  The Arcturians, Expanding Your Perceptual Field.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pj5J7LmTU1A

630.  The Arcturians, Fifth Dimensional Star Ships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4S0KN4_RTE

631.  The Arcturians, Final Message for your Inter-Dimensional Child.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6zpVeaxQ40

632.  The Arcturians, Forgiveness and Energy Cords.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlK_pbKsAJg

633.  The Arcturians, Fully Aware.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3ZFtQefmOM

634.  The Arcturians, Great Transition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0t11aFmgvTU

635.  The Arcturians, Health.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcV5vfF-TPk

636.  The Arcturians, Here in the NOW.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5RQUI71P2g

637.  The Arcturians, Higher Dimensional Energies Pouring Onto Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BmEKM8jGGc

638.  The Arcturians, I AM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxKffAsJw5I

639.  The Arcturians, Important Points.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqS02Z5c4IY

640.  The Arcturians, In the Midst of Great Transition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wydQ4l0_J-A

641.  The Arcturians, Inter dimensional Communication.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDtvczfczc0

642.  The Arcturians, Inter dimensional Portals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ro43ifpoPQ

643.  The Arcturians, It Is The NOW.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEO6zyEZoQs

644.  The Arcturians, Judgement and Criticism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXIqvvLlih8

645.  The Arcturians, Leaving Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liCVuQAayn0

646.  The Arcturians, Let Go of That Which No Longer Resonates With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2VfdJ7MqiI

647.  The Arcturians, Like It or Not, Ascension is Happening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpe_UmifWzA

648.  The Arcturians, Living in the Fifth Dimensional Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9jx6eorcj8

649.  The Arcturians, Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byOjdyQ4GJE

650.  The Arcturians, Many are Choosing to Leave at This Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BYowAwoqhU

651.  The Arcturians, Message for Our Grounded Earth Crew.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSI_OQPmHeM

652.  The Arcturians, Message to the Ascending Ones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zjs5Hp4NFY0

653.  The Arcturians, Metaphysics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzhL3LV9g3U

654.  The Arcturians, Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jx-41Kdd-TI

655.  The Arcturians, New Earth You Say, Where is It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmb08rSzIS8

656.  The Arcturians, Odd Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Evtr6W3e6fo

657.  The Arcturians, One Foot in Both Worlds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEofROBwkyw

658.  The Arcturians, Out of the Dark Ages and Into the Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cfy199k6Us4

659.  The Arcturians, Peace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQcZdxPRpPY

660.  The Arcturians, Possible Phases of Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkg_kU_UXSs

661.  The Arcturians, Powerful High Dimensional Energies of Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQGT7_a1A3Y

662.  The Arcturians, Practice Daily Protection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zuHoKYpiTo

663.  The Arcturians, Releasing your Third and Fourth Dimensional Operating System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M4kbE2tTlo

664.  The Arcturians, Remembering What You Always Knew.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noHEoOd3gUg

665.  The Arcturians, Remembering Your Source Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAr_trMvkvQ

666.  The Arcturians, Safety and Security.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URNTaW6Ig9M

667.  The Arcturians, Shifting Realities and Changing Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2b-fAsHZQI

668.  The Arcturians, Soul Fragmentation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYGZ9bIhjD8

669.  The Arcturians, Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cpgM6Cak5g

670.  The Arcturians, Spiritual Evolution is Unstoppable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSL6Z_q4RSo

671.  The Arcturians, Spiritual Evolution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWwLRZj1axA

672.  The Arcturians, Spirituality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coJ3Nm1-Tis

673.  The Arcturians, The Concept of Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bbDex1sACs

674.  The Arcturians, The Divine Plan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgTPTopbCKc

675.  The Arcturians, The Pause.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nz6PpoBdfY8

676.  The Arcturians, The Process of Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTqxXtGQ__Y

677.  The Arcturians, The Process of Your Transformation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=styFkqLWpz4

678.  The Arcturians, The Removal of Gaia's 3D Matrix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkaoyDRV_iM

679.  The Arcturians, There are No Spiritual Rules.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTnJRuCb4to

680.  The Arcturians, There is Much to Come!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GCyxAQWJFk

681.  The Arcturians, There is No Right or Wrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8X44UgmrliA

682.  The Arcturians, There is Only One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_rL3mpUJro

683.  The Arcturians, Threshold to the Fifth Dimension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4hr5hnfA6U

684.  The Arcturians, Truth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8u39Tai67c

685.  The Arcturians, We Are Here NOW.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Svgu75GwvI0

686.  The Arcturians, We are With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeSzjXJHZHI

687.  The Arcturians, Welcome to the New Age.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryN8F8Ppfnc

688.  The Arcturians, What is Inbetween Where You are NOW and Where You are Going.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqvE_higZUc

689.  The Arcturians, Within This NOW.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5JW9hQ2yKs

690.  The Arcturians, World Consciousness is Changing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70MTjczNY28

691.  The Arcturians, You are Creators, You are Ready.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXfzo1LVJjQ

692.  The Arcturians, YOU are The Galactics in Human Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZRc7RWL_TA

693.  The Arcturians, You are the Holy Grail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_eINVP6WkU

694.  The Arcturians, You Chose to Be Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnCFaSmr6Sg

695.  The Arcturians, You Have Awakened.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWEK1i6pfjs

696.  The Arcturians, Your Go To Higher Frequency Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtOT20DAU9A

697.  The Arcturians, Your Higher Self is Running the Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozKBRf0DE90

698.  The Arcturians, Your Intimate Relationship With Gaia's Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yd5fcKNO7j4

699.  The Art of Quantum Jumping.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7kC_fN_M3A

700.  The Awakened Ones and The Awakening Ones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTMv_KY6tVY

701.  The Background People Will Disappear at The Shift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LcnfgVTXVs

702.  The Beginning of the Final Ascension Shift Period.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSEzZ6V0JYU

703.  The Beginnings of the Major Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Wl06pbLo6I

704.  The Biggest Secret of All Time is Now Out of the Bag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWG0wpX3ZOA

705.  The Biggest Shift Ever On The Planet Is Happening Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQPUYTBjg8U

706.  The Blue Avians and Blue Sphere Beings, Do You Know What Love Can Do.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i47yuWfYQFk

707.  The Bringers of the Dawn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RSPMoeVmXs

708.  The Change in the Matrix of the Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXg6ytypLpg

709.  The Collective of Guides, You Can Change Any Circumstances You Choose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiAq0mTLgV8

710.  The Collective, Dealing with Trauma and Life Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqKLdpqvPds

711.  The Collective, Message to Lightworkers, February 12, 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_alqKKJJcjE

712.  The Collective, Message to Lightworkers, June 10, 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shukGNTjIjw

713.  The Collective, Message to Lightworkers, June 25, 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sX3s5k4qHw8

714.  The Collective, Message to Lightworkers, March 31, 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fAQOcanTVw

715.  The Coming Revolution, A New Vibrational Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XI3wwbg7EI0

716.  The Council of Sirius, Insights into the Ascension of Mother Earth and Humanity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDiODxZ8n8k

717.  The Creators, Let Go of Your Plans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4ZYMZgBS04

718.  The Divine Light Grid of the New Earth – April 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QMobVg5mcU

719.  The Divine Solar Feminine and Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyVcQpeQkic

720.  The Earth Will Be Lifted Back to Her Original State, Mira, the Pleiadian High Council.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSJGaLJNRxk

721.  The Elohim, The Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFjlT5T1EDE

722.  The Elohim, We Are Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6__JIpOXr0

723.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Preface.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Clpv1lHxmY

724.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 1, The History of Thoth, The Atlantean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQMIgQskAzI

725.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 10, The Key of Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHuiBvzUT7c

726.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 11, The Key to Above and Below.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STkM9DdyxQk

727.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 12, The Law of Cause and Effect and The Key of Prophecy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBAg5UkM7J8

728.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 13, The Keys of Life and Death.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTMbsg2p2oo

729.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 14, Atlantis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMZDdJnAYZM

730.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 15, Secret of Secrets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOTAr926pSI

731.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 2, The Halls of Amenti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fp-WyLC1NUc

732.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 3, The Key of Wisdom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KutLeZ_H08

733.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 4, The Space Born.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6EJxfxF30VQ

734.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 5, The Dweller of Unal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atasYl6rqJ8

735.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 6, The Key of Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3NvjH5YYI0

736.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 7, The Seven Lords.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-i70vN0B2Q

737.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 8, The Key of Mysteries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5O5RWeXYteo

738.  The Emerald Tablets of Thoth, Tablet 9, The Key of Freedom of Space.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uYy3d_kCbI

739.  The Energies Coming In.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrA_PZtb_OQ

740.  The Energies Upon You & Unchartered Timelines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5A3AyT5Mp9w

741.  The Enormity of What’s Happening Right Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxPIV76rYvY

742.  The Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpngcWRLNAs

743.  The False Ascension Matrix, How Does it Affect You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzFsA80QASI

744.  The Fifth Dimensional Lightbringers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQ5c86i4I6A

745.  The Final Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n06g1TiX-Q

746.  The Final Step on Your Journey of Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpldJowqAgw

747.  The Final Wave of Souls is Here and It's Going to Change Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_E34Lg0qS4I

748.  The Firmament and Lemuria.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIG4Pz0H3-I

749.  The Founders, DNA and Genetics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5wlQm6dGCs

750.  The Founders, The Divine Dispensations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXypszchZ3A

751.  The Founders, Zero Point and Dimensions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHTAKIpdVfA

752.  The Four Most Powerful Signs Of The Zodiac And Their Hidden Strengths.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWKREyNrCWk

753.  The Galactic Codex.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9s1h2ZKHdLQ

754.  The Galactic Dragons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq1WC81qGJc

755.  The Galactics, We Come to You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zA3Yq-VvkH0

756.  The Gemini Zodiac Sign, Deep, Childlike People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ClU5VnUfP0

757.  The Golden Age.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYYUHHaiaCg

758.  The Golden Children are Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELZr99UQtL4

759.  The Golden Ones, Leaving Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NW8eQNPNRE0

760.  The Golden Ones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg0jUay_ThI

761.  The Grand Shift Of Human Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_BtnCEYsLs

762.  The Great Earth Experiment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fqXCzQgyvk

763.  The Great Journey to Earth! Pleiadian Light Forces Transmission.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRSscQXbvAE

764.  The Healing Powers of Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igVFSWZhmCs

765.  The Heron Spirit Animal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1KGhJnOiOmk

766.  The Higher Selves of the Unawakened.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krVFOiTRUT4

767.  The Hopi Elders, The Hour Has Arrived.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tpXlBkIKkI

768.  The Illusion of Time and Space.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9qbWPiAocM

769.  The Language of Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7T0xus2sG-o

770.  The Lemurian Light Council, Energies on the Planet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmQ64eOYIAs

771.  The Life Principles of Each Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYHU12yyxIQ

772.  The Lightworker, Understanding Your Mission and Role on Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvtIyAVdXhQ

773.  The Lightworkers Prophecy and its Connection to Numbers 1440 & 144.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvPlJ_AsJRA

774.  The Luckiest Star Signs of the Zodiac.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8B4kXQ-RKkw

775.  The Magic of 1111 Angel Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AublI6TlUJ4

776.  The Mandela Effect and the Merging of Two Parallel Realities (1670168).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMa17cFcVMY

777.  The Mandela Effect and the Merging of Two Parallel Realities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnVkHZlFjZc

778.  The Mass Human Exodus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzcjxYARZXM

779.  The Meaning of 222 in Numerology.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQW0k6z5bSo

780.  The Messages of Feathers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wttJ7FMk314

781.  The Mission of The Awakened Collective.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4wbMtlYuJI

782.  The Most Incredible Ways to Raise Your Vibration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7iaZ4NSj3g

783.  The Multi Dimensional Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYPCkEjZ_9w

784.  The New Earth ? There is no Doubt that We are Living in Transformational Times.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFysGAeOZ9s

785.  The Next Phase of Mass Awakenings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKU-HIyutus

786.  The Next Wave of Energies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDoeUh9CNsM

787.  The Next Wave of Mass Awakenings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mz_ztTzYbDE

788.  The Ongoing Awakening Ascension Process.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYihp3-VVfY

789.  The Origin, Purpose, and Destiny of the Earth Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHlJgcrof64

790.  The Physical Body’s Role in Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0wFHuiRB6Y

791.  The Pleiadian Collective, You are Being Upgraded.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gavA_9PSnNI

792.  The Pleiadian High Council of Seven, Your Physical Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDczHJcZYjk

793.  The Pleiadians, Inter dimensional Message for All Earth's Beings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEh3oifbNks

794.  The Pleiadians, Interdimensional Healing, Remembering Life on the Starships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIp25T94Hws

795.  The Pleiadians, Living Between Realities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FO46c36G3C0

796.  The Pleiadians, The Broadcastings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpnmZImhI7E

797.  The Pleiadians, The Earth Initiation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7m2kQ8MJPM

798.  The Pleiadians, The Fifth Dimensional Paradigm of Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jelRhgewJlo

799.  The Pleiadians, The Game, the Codes, the Master Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-8BfB8Sj3A

800.  The Pleiadians, There is a Drastic Change Going On Right Now!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAFV6svlyHA

801.  The Pleiadians, Through the Portal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqMjHGruwbc

802.  The Pleiadians, You Are Now Ready to Receive as You Have Never Received Before.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THfaFgkV-0A

803.  The Power of the Infinity Symbol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRfZ_1RPQqU

804.  The Real Event You’re Waiting For.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3u79hBZ17k

805.  The Real Reason Why Lightworkers are Under Attack.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBQ8kzEjt_Q

806.  The Reason You're Attracted to Someone Isn't Why You Think.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZkpPCe9Lag

807.  The Secret Meaning of Numbers 0 to 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etl9an3E7HY

808.  The Secret to an Accelerated Conscious Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPS_c1OkZm8

809.  The Seven Hermetic Principles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5-4pQUPFrk

810.  The Shift Accelerates!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uz19m65Eadg

811.  The Shift from Carbon Base to Crystalline Silicon Structure Bodies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3FGDmTLjsc

812.  The Soul Exchanges, Who and What are the Walk Ins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8pJb-T8SuY

813.  The Spiritual Significance of 10 10, A Gateway of New Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGFdHS_vOXI

814.  The Starseed Mission is Almost Complete.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-Trw3NxxvY

815.  The Symptoms of Higher Consciousness, 18 Signs of Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVYzux9WSx0

816.  The Teachings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P201j8MwGz4

817.  The Time Has Arrived Finally, Our Realities are Splitting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1VrS4oZDUY

818.  The Time Opens to New Potentials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnWerv3G8VE

819.  The Transformation of our DNA is Leading Us To Universal Truths.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jnps8tBjv6g

820.  The Transition From 3D to Crystalline Light 5D Body.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHwd-u4mSgI

821.  The Two Faces of Each Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L49Kud7YxQo

822.  The Universe Responds, 5 Signs Your Dreams are Coming True.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foOozEnyPTc

823.  The Vega Effect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k81ucZe_9gA

824.  The Veil Has Lifted!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qf961L0D0IE

825.  The Violet Flame, The Alchemist's Dream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=excGNgnpEZI

826.  The Virus of Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFe_HieXp9Q

827.  The Walk Ins   Preparing For The Fourth Wave Of Volunteers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqIWCHtGgEA

828.  The White Horse Prophecy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBmjnKKSQQg

829.  The World is Not Falling Apart, The Veil of World Wide Corruption is Lifting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GU_hpGT0obI

830.  There are 12 Types of Lightworkers That Transform the Human Spirit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmqZSw5Dpd0

831.  There are 5 Alien Species Struggling to Dominate Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6oGCXJlAOU

832.  There are 7 Types of Souls in the World! What Type of Soul are You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxiYKpPC3Vo

833.  There is a Spiritual Meaning to the Tingling You are Feeling on the Top of Your Head.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOqIKBnQiMo

834.  There Is Another Sun And Human Civilization Inside The Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXS9eDNLHT4

835.  There is No Spoon, How to Manipulate Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzWRF2Ch5ws

836.  These Amazing Things Happen When You Eat Himalayan Salt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZ86FshKQRw

837.  These Are the Innate Psychic Abilities of Each Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoXomqk9ibI

838.  These Zodiac Pairs are the Most Passionate and Powerful Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhoVStBS6jk

839.  This Is How Thoughts And Intentions Create Physical Reality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCUT-JtA6n4

840.  This is How to Connect With The Spirit Team Assigned to You Before You Were Born.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAnGJON45vA

841.  This is the Final Stage of Preparation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0LXcQR5iVc

842.  This is What Different Feather Colors Mean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPBg_iLizB0

843.  This is Your Deepest, Darkest Secret According to Your Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1KmGrDT_TU

844.  This Is Your Most Secret Fear, According To Your Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYzFj-ee3P8

845.  Those of You Who Are Truly Awake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kINryYQRKJI

846.  Thoth, The Molecular Second Coming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mm5VdPOIsWU

847.  Time is Now Accelerating to a Standstill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gInoTCLLXI

848.  Time of Surrender and Great Growth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pSYuonzlxc

849.  Time to Remember Who We Are.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zhy70N84RHw

850.  Timeline Reality Split, Frequency Vibration, and the Hidden Forces of Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37eaIEspApQ

851.  Timelines are Separating and the New 5D Timeline is Currently Happening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLdaCeIyEMI

852.  Timelines Shift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umuzsuGm7cw

853.  Tinnitus or Spiritual Ringing in the Ears.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cNs43jahv4

854.  Top 10 Reasons Why Aquarius is the Best Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9IEtpNe70mQ

855.  Top 10 Reasons Why Aries is the Best Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-34jaIKZEnM

856.  Top 10 Reasons Why Cancer is the Best Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXYU_3-tZkM

857.  Top 10 Reasons Why Capricorn is the Best Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtKzSCwnGxM

858.  Top 10 Reasons Why Gemini is the Best Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rRbWAnWu6M

859.  Top 10 Reasons Why Leo is the Best Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1Q9Ba7WExQ

860.  Top 10 Reasons Why Libra is the Best Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMhUj_1LZpE

861.  Top 10 Reasons Why Pisces is the Best Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CL_pG5t6lSE

862.  Top 10 Reasons Why Sagittarius is the Best Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwJzPl7sGBU

863.  Top 10 Reasons Why Scorpio is the Best Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfLKpVfaQdE

864.  Top 10 Reasons Why Taurus is the Best Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e13E3WDCIqY

865.  Top 10 Reasons Why Virgo is the Best Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sto3nRfLeSk

866.  Traits of Andromeda Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBQD_GFtZxc

867.  Traits of Apollonia Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7o1JMGHr7s

868.  Traits of Arcturus Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgW3qg_WRog

869.  Traits of Maldeck Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfC3yGl5lrg

870.  Traits of Orion Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-TDZIp9qg4

871.  Traits of Pleiadian Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFxpjNGbqSk

872.  Traits of Pvila Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLRX6dooXwE

873.  Traits of Sirian Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97unGLmI0m4

874.  Traits of Vega Souls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMuB6cV8YXg

875.  Transmutational Ascension Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTRk125UyT4

876.  Tree of Life and Important Upcoming Event or Exposure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NrBNgeyRIY

877.  Triple Numbers and their Meanings 111, 222, 333, 444, 555.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjjEDObTUKQ

878.  Trying versus Allowing, THE Way to Go with the Flow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy_SKO_bjTk

879.  Twelve Positive Symptoms of Spiritual Growth and Ascension.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUGY8IvztOE

880.  Twin Flame Attraction Signs, 9 Signs Of Magnetic Pull.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRxLfBEXmYQ

881.  Twin Spirit, Twin Soul Recognition Signs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYkIT2fIXIQ

882.  Two Earths.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hd0teaz-pvY

883.  Unakite, The Crystalline Key to Love, Heart Healing, and Physical Well Being.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBuf5mBL4oc

884.  Understanding the Timeline Split.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBDVoW7bBlg

885.  Unlocking Your DNA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIqIsGR08y4

886.  Upcoming Upgrades & Massive Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_nEz98vXLY

887.  Upgrades & Downloads from the Earth & Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmakiG_Dmic

888.  Upgrades, the Matrix, and Mental Health.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXnqC6nZZqI

889.  Urgent Message for Twin Flames, Stay in Love and New Twins Awakened.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEliqBRldjQ

890.  Urgent! Divine Healing Portal – July 8 – 15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTs94WAURkw

891.  Urgent! Lion’s Gate Portal – July 28 – August 12 – The Choice is Yours!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9GxjnIzD7EM

892.  Use The Force, How to Be an Awesomely Conscious Creator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBbInFeIukQ

893.  Ushering in a New Era for Humanity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1byA62_ANk

894.  Vibration Frequency Code.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pR9hvjWdWeY

895.  Violating Laws of Nature.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aR_0A9AuH14

896.  Visitation Dreams and How to Know You've Had One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVM2PYFvBaI

897.  Waking Up Between 3 And 5 AM Can Be A Sign Of A Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-S2GrEFOnGE

898.  Waking Up in the Dream, The Real Secret to Manifestation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-iUKOmPglk

899.  Waking Up in the Middle of the Night Could Reveal Something Important about You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUmU-nB1xzo

900.  Waking Up to a Quantum World, Who Do We Trust.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bN0AmgQbeRw

901.  Walk Ins 101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdgcdgtpI2A

902.  Walking your Own Path and Trusting your Self Completely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnL7ycjOpU8

903.  Want to Change Your Reality Just Switch the Channel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmIRGCK37xQ

904.  Waves of Energy Coming from All Across the Galaxy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yi84X2nbUmU

905.  We All Have The Same Mission.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3E5lV74iaM

906.  We Seek to Put You in a Trance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5rHI0cVqvU

907.  Welcome to the Creators Room, We've Been Waiting for You! Pleiadian Council of Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fZoHCr7_fg

908.  What are Twin Flames.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rL6b-1qFdS4

909.  What Are Your Ascension Body Symptoms Trying to Tell You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtpMGhhzspM

910.  What Crystal Should You Own Based on Your Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68So6qvjETg

911.  What Do My Spirit Guides Mean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olZydz2XCzw

912.  What Does it Mean When Your Aura is Purple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7knuSkOExi0

913.  What is a Dreamcatcher and How Does it Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWgaxxTuDoE

914.  What is Kundalini  How to Activate it.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUevBNdMGIs

915.  What is Kundalini Shakti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEaIrzJSGDs

916.  What is My Mission in Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QxbDTIihC4

917.  What is The Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VN2SIif79E4

918.  What is The Matrix and How Do We Exit From It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj5aO9ogyvE

919.  What Is The Shift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgSQ7yIE-qo

920.  What is the Spiritual Meaning of 555.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=071frZPUMK4

921.  What Kind of Witch Are You Choose Your Broom and Discover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AX70nDWWVTc

922.  What Lies Within the Star Children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kcjg90Guug0

923.  What Portal did CERN Open Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouWIMgvGNy4

924.  What They Found, Then Covered Up, In Antarctica Will Blow Your Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrlxpNMJX-8

925.  What Unlocking Your 7th Sense Could Mean for You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hZUByOwwdE

926.  What Will Happen During The Shift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbKmVkFjZuI

927.  What You Need to Do in Order to Ascend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTpBsG2uOJk

928.  What You Need to Know About the Sirian Starseed Mission.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWhEnVjRKI4

929.  What You Should Know About the Divine Significance of 1111.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qj8J7Oqmms

930.  What Your Ascension is Really About.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EUGyFB1bbM

931.  What Your Birthstone Means, According to Science.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDM-RnbIGoU

932.  What's Not Working and What Is.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xeg70cLwEcs

933.  What's that Symbol Eye of Horus, Eye of Ra, Wadjet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9EOBU4NKJc

934.  When It's Time for the Soul To Fully Awaken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vpXA-7wo4w

935.  When There's No Place Left to Go, We Go Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKBdUUK6UsE

936.  When You are Feeling Vibrations in Your Body, The 4 Signs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FR-74GZGJE

937.  Which Chakra is Out of Balance and the Best Way to ReAllign Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXDGyhDv4V8

938.  Which Crystals are Powerful for Your Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZlXsRyL46o

939.  Which Number Brings you Love, Luck and Money According to Your Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hLRm3Kb91w

940.  Which of these Indigo Adult Characteristics do You Have.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88BaYMadRSE

941.  Which Star System Did You Originate From.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRyWstlQjKU

942.  White Magnetic Mirror, Day Out of Time July 25, 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bxqUyAOfSE

943.  Who Am I Astrology Explained.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJAeTdMpWHw

944.  Who and What Your Zodiac Sign Should Avoid During Mercury Retrograde.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6Z1_HGJ3gI

945.  Who Are My Spirit Guides.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxTr3XCcs-M

946.  Who Are The Pleiadians.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VLlNWYRF4o

947.  Who is Your Perfect Partner Based on Your Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14afZLPdvNs

948.  Why Are We Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHpmJgoVHyo

949.  Why Can't I Get to Sleep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gknTFljsS6Q

950.  Why Cats are Badass Spiritual Beings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCi7Xi-x3AU

951.  Why Do So Many Advanced Souls Struggle with Abundance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BN3yfyW98z4

952.  Why Do Some People See Auras.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83WAinwqKrs

953.  Why ET's Don't Swoop Down to Save You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSyp-FNp7Ls

954.  Why We Don’t Have Contact.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzKFzBMwhPA

955.  Why We Forget Who We Are.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZiDa6pzWkk

956.  Why We Meet the Same Souls in Every Incarnation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pqu2cX4FBU

957.  Why You Need to Pay Attention to Synchronicity Now!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gtYw9kKTG8

958.  Will There Be an Event or a Solar Flash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHot630tSIk

959.  Within the Eye of the Storm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zrP6Bn1SLc

960.  You Are a Massive Experiment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryBYDBAjDGY

961.  You Are About to Experience a Shift in Your Frequency.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5reb6O0u58

962.  You Are Being Assisted by All of Creation, Mira from the Pleiadian High Council.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxVQKOM-8iw

963.  You Are Getting Heart Chakra Upgrades.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vp-6lkAsF4

964.  You Are Not Losing Your Memory.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ryYgDGIF6c

965.  You are on a MultiDimensional Earth NOW, Everything is Different.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaRnIsykuHE

966.  You Have Been Shown Some of Your Divine Gifts and Abilities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPBmFyqKcW4

967.  You Have Chosen to Be a Part of the Ascension of Planet Earth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHyUjiNISTQ

968.  You Have the Power to Shift All Around You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npO4wdgoyEg

969.  You Need Bigger Energy Fields for This.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D4i7EvJnC0

970.  You Should Pay Attention to These 9 Most Common Dream Symbols.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDMaGniHNOo

971.  You Were Chosen Before You Were Born.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-FrW38QGn4

972.  You Will Be in For Some Grand Surprises, Mira from the Pleiadian High Council.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-w3CapY-e6Y

973.  You're Not Dying, It's The Schumann Resonance!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xSv6GFa9RA

974.  You've Been Given More Power.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XlTo1rqrN0w

975.  Your 9th Dimensional Angels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_lWVwzLQGo

976.  Your Astral Travels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrpnoosPRm4

977.  Your Cells are Listening, How Talking to Your Body Can Help You Heal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-t8l0DxFyM

978.  Your Future Self is Emerging With This Massive Shift in Consciousness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3Jlxsdci8c

979.  Your Galactic Family, Meeting Your SELF.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sqa18fMj3Dc

980.  Your Higher Self is Ready to Join You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWE_Rp8ece8

981.  Your Increased Claircognizance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=solvif_xazo

982.  Your Mission at this Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYpkpnPJN48

983.  Your Mission to Save Humanity, Earth & the Universe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tif4qGZ9EFU

984.  Your Most Powerful Chakra Based on Your Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63sop9BzuxA

985.  Your Role in the Shift, The Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-Y4a4Yw6Vc

986.  Your Soul's Journey, A Message from your Spirit Guides.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MT1n6rtp5cM

987.  Your Spirit Guide Might Contact You in Each One of These 4 Situations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFGbMV-uE74

988.  Your True Spirit Animal, According to your Zodiac Sign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfkze1Y8itg

989.  Your Voice Holds the Gift of Codes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGif5YEHtlQ
Higher Self - Videos