
88604.  A Very Rocky Christmas  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5OSVA8IoaA

88606.  Agent Cody Banks  Cody Saves a Toddler [CLIP]  MGM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpfNtCd8aDc

88609.  Agent Cody Banks (2003)   Cody Gets His Spy Gadgets  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKYG_QF7-A0

88613.  Baby Boom (1987)  J.C. Inherits a Baby  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rldIHm50cHM

88618.  Barbershop  Your Sister's a Demon Child  MGM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xscbtE2enAs

88624.  Barbershop (2002)  Barbershop Talk Rosa Parks  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTiE34oJz5I

88631.  Be Cool (2005)  Bring it on Monologue  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbWq81yVgcQ

88639.  BEAT STREET (1984)  Dance Montage  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esMlFuBXagg

88648.  Best Comedy Movies  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xniCPCQpEM

88658.  Best Movie Break-Up Scenes  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5CnVuUxtNA

88669.  Best Movie Pet Moments  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXp-Z48xtME

88681.  Best of Animated Wednesday Addams  The Addams Family (2019)  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekGOT_sF_zM

88694.  Best of Paulette  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cv2NO6JeSRU

88708.  Best Teen Movies  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_1EGJj1_gQ

88723.  Bill and Ted’s Smart Ways to Use Time Travel  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlFz7fokpic

88739.  Birdcage (1996)  Dance Rehearsal Scene  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XZLJ4o70TE

88756.  Cher's Best Throwback Movie Moments  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HHApnNQNx0

88774.  Cherry 2000 (1986)  Meet E. Johnson  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3tXmKTi3dk

88793.  Child's Play  Chucky Attacks Mike [CLIP]  MGM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kcbzCesB9U

88813.  Child's Play  Chucky Blows Up Eddie [CLIP]  MGM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4CwDTVyjDU

88834.  Child's Play  Chucky Doesn't Run on Batteries [CLIP]  MGM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4JycZQudHw

88856.  Child's Play  Chucky Escapes [CLIP]  MGM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jy7Nga6BLPk

88879.  Child's Play  Chucky's First Victim [CLIP]  MGM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJaH5gHfvuI

88903.  Clint Eastwood as “The Man With No Name” in the Dollars Trilogy  MGM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klSJ_0QCV6w

88928.  Cooley High (1975)  Party Fight Scene  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQJtAdg8WB4

88954.  Fargo (1996)  He Was Funny Lookin'  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJPgVnyEByE

88981.  Fighting with my Family (2019)  Best of the Knights  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT_ukWSLTFw

89009.  Fighting with my Family (2019)  Meeting Dwayne Johnson  MGM studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vM-RVfBCI6o

89038.  Flawless (1999)  Rusty's Story  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xD16Lk5bqcI

89068.  Fluke (1995)  Heart Touching Moments Memories of Another Life Scene  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1084HL7rZZQ

89099.  Funniest Spaceballs Moments  Spaceballs (1987)  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9zDOTrKEUE

89131.  Get Shorty  Chili Wants His Coat [CLIP]  MGM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FF4X6FJgNs

89164.  Great Moments in Mothering  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vulRWcIrjiE

89198.  Heartbreakers (2001)  Jennifer Love Hewitt I'm the Bartender Scene  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dH3PT0x2btw

89233.  Hollywood Shuffle  Winky Dinky Dog  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOjStdwIZ7k

89269.  In The Heat Of The Night (1967)   Mr. Tibbs Slaps Endicott  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBt8L9u8h6g

89306.  Inspector Clouseau’s Funniest Moments  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAdyCgYYH5k

89344.  Inspirational “Rocky” Moments ft. Sylvester Stallone  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKItaX6FisU

89383.  La Cage Aux Folles (1979) vs. The Birdcage (1996)  Original vs. Remake  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uoH2Y0KsCU

89423.  Legally Blonde  Top 20 Fun Film Facts  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ox_DsDGpaco

89464.  Legally Blonde (2001)   Elle Introduces Herself (Scene)  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlOx9obQ2yg

89506.  Legally Blonde (2001)  12 Life Lessons with Elle Woods  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAoqW5OhIlQ

89549.  Legally Blonde (2001)  Elle & Emmett Being Couple Goals  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmUDL_iLQYA

89593.  Legally Blonde (2001)  Elle Woods' Harvard Video Essay  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbZndWCq6Gs

89638.  Legally Blonde (2001)  Favorite Elle Woods Quotes  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDFjDaw1DuI

89684.  Mac & Me (1988)  Eric Falls into the Water  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2Z2zp4i6U0

89731.  Man In the Iron Mask (1998)  One For All  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5nh6LLqxQQ

89779.  Memorable Holiday Scenes Compilation  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXxa4e4DcTg

89828.  Midnight Cowboy (1969)  “I’m Walkin’ Here!”  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiL9qcXL1Bc

89878.  Misery (1990)  It's For The Best  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btj2YwR8g2A

89929.  Mystic Pizza (1988)  Men! Breakup Scene  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84EKsyP2O9w

89981.  New Year’s Evil (1980)  Phone Call Scene  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RabhLuTLYkQ

90034.  Our Favorite Brothers  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y15DPVfEtrE

90088.  Overboard (1987)  Joanna Falls Off the Boat  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yTrC62qmMw

90143.  Powerful Female Characters Moments  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8l_yIDXtDA

90199.  RESPECT  Only in Theaters August 13  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGtNwuQ5NCs

90256.  Road House (1989)  I Want You To Be Nice  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8aNfg0LBgQ

90314.  Road House (1989)  You're Too Stupid to Have a Good Time  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kHh9AgduB0

90373.  Rocky Balboa (2006)  It's Ain't About How Hard You Hit  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyQrl7AWeXg

90433.  Rocky III (1982)  Rocky Faces Thunderlips  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBPCWTBBFUs

90494.  Silence of the Lambs (1991)  Clarice and Hannibal's First Meeting  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EnMV60UDuF0

90556.  Six Degrees of Separation (1993)  Rick & Paul’s Night Out  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7ih-cbXu4A

90619.  Sleepover (2004) Julie & the Cop  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzO1sj6KU9s

90683.  Some Like it Hot (1959)  Meet Sugar Kane  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYWv8bRnODc

90748.  Spaceballs (1987)   They've Gone to Plaid!  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VO15qTiUhLI

90814.  Spaceballs (1987)  Space Diner Scene  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otJ2rXMuLno

90881.  Species (1995)   Reborn Scene ft. Michelle Williams  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81x_pOhM0Z4

90949.  Strong Female Leads  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qa25RD-Oenc

91018.  Terminator (1984)  I’ll Be Back  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqWCUWNn5As

91088.  The Best of Apollo Creed  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqkN_VlK9sY

91159.  The Birdcage (1996)  'Family Dinner' Full Scene  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65zrAtyEHCA

91231.  The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966)  Cemetery Scene  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpVaoA8RfIk

91304.  The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly (1967)  Breakfast with Angel Eyes  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gP37BFnUoXc

91378.  The January Man (1989)  Stakeout Scene  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojXdszILU18

91453.  The Meteor Man (1993)  Meteor Man Saves His Family  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X--5r80zAm4

91529.  Thelma & Louise (1991)  Thelma Meets J.D.  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMXMTDIJoRo

91606.  Thelma and Louise's Ultimate Road Trip Guide  Thelma & Louise (1991)  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vy0qZmEI2eQ

91684.  Vampire’s Kiss (1989)  It's A Horrible Job  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXDvM_tXfX8

91763.  West Side Story (1961)  Tonight  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bv6aTZCCWPk

91843.  Yours, Mine and Ours (1968)  I Have Eight Children Scene  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GZH-r2zsA8

91924.  Yours, Mine, and Ours (1968)  Helen's Drunk Dinner  MGM Studios.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JD7oqAn4hIA
Movie Clips  MGM