
1.  Drawing a Patriotic Rose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIG8PFRsGUU&pp=sAQA

2.  Drawing a Photorealistic Sweater (Knitted Fabric).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KGZvkKqdjE0&pp=sAQA

3.  Drawing Art Rooney Sr. and Tim Mara Sr..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFe3JiUFMQ0&pp=sAQA

4.  Drawing Ashley Horner and Otto.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qit7X87A9OA&pp=sAQA

5.  Drawing Avicii (Tim Bergling).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5E01anZBAP0&pp=sAQA

6.  Drawing Billie Eilish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cGqB5cHrTI&pp=sAQA

7.  Drawing Chris Hemsworth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5uBYtVQFmE&pp=sAQA

8.  Drawing Chris Pratt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWBvlq_az3U&pp=sAQA

9.  Drawing Elephants - The Circle of Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C66ddNUe25k&pp=sAQA

10.  Drawing Heaven, Kenzo, and Hendrix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ou5x7tBdwHA&pp=sAQA

11.  Drawing Joe Rogan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvSb3ZNxpIk&pp=sAQA

12.  Drawing John Krasinski.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JWIKMqD8nE&pp=sAQA

13.  Drawing Katrín Davíðsdóttir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7UKcn9H7sM&pp=sAQA

14.  Drawing Kevin Hart, Chris Rock, and Dave Chappelle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wi7-fsMxdQ&pp=sAQA

15.  Drawing Kevin Hart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LkW_0zy3ig&pp=sAQA

16.  Drawing Kobe and Gianna Bryant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7DHH0SlRyQ&pp=sAQA

17.  Drawing Lily Flowers - Saint Joseph Prayer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQ01jcJyexs&pp=sAQA

18.  Drawing Misty Copeland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ks8bde9ZJSk&pp=sAQA

19.  Drawing Our Lady of Guadalupe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pxbnx9DGGsw&pp=sAQA

20.  Drawing Ralph Lauren.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ogf2eQAEBks&pp=sAQA

21.  Drawing The Rock (Dwayne Johnson).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3dJ6Ck1xRA&pp=sAQA

22.  Drawing Tom Ford.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOHgc0BEWSc&pp=sAQA

23.  Drawing Tom Holland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ClFVuPQpvI&pp=sAQA

24.  Heather Rooney - New York City Art Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9Q8hw1FRko&pp=sAQA

25.  Metal Prints of My Drawings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5GgGD0d1K0&pp=sAQA

26.  Real Time Drawing Progress Videos - Patreon Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3S57FgiAjGs&pp=sAQA

27.  Self Portrait - Graphite Drawing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TZy-Yc_HTc&pp=sAQA

28.  Self Portrait Drawing - Colored Pencil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKdNSl-kKD8&pp=sAQA

29.  Stand Together with Love - Graphite Drawing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC6dJfN330s&pp=sAQA

30.  Steelers Vs. Giants Pregame Drawing Feature.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFTAZlZ_zeE&pp=sAQA
Heather Rooney