
1.  A Teenager In Love-Dion and The Belmonts-Original Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-Xvgv92GBc&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

2.  Blue Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=955BivrSW80&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

3.  Buddy Holly - Everyday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMezwtB1oCU&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

4.  Buddy Holly - Learning the game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBINlle0YRc&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

5.  Buddy Holly- Words of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcuojSU_hOY&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

6.  Cant Take My Eyes Off You - Frankie Valli and The 4 Seasons + lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcJm1pOswfM&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

7.  Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

8.  Dean Martin - Arrivederci Roma (1962).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Gz07QiFevg&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

9.  Dean Martin - Buona Sera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZKtRyjfbjU&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

10.  DEAN MARTIN - INNAMORATA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3zA7dgQ2dU&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

11.  Dean Martin - Memories are made of this.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mv9PSkNkUfs&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

12.  Dean Martin - Return To Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpBjgQlT_jA&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

13.  Dean Martin - You're Nobody till Somebody Loves You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIAEAVKcKrs&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

14.  Dean Martin When You're Smiling (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvgFVlJUx-M&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

15.  Dean Martin ~ Non Dimenticar (wDino photos).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vggDRr_ydzQ&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

16.  Dean Martin-Everybody Loves Somebody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXJL7tlECg0&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

17.  Dion & The Belmonts - Where Or When.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2YI4lEK_wo&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

18.  Dion & The Belmonts- No One Knows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9VLtelUUMk&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

19.  Dion - Lovers Who Wander.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thNWwGGRMCk&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

20.  Elvis Presley - (Let Me be Your) Teddy Bear (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkDbk-egHH4&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

21.  Elvis Presley - Are You Lonesome Tonight wlyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cS5aCozhcA&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

22.  Elvis Presley- Loving you (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMjWtohpShk&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

23.  Heartbeat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRmqC1vVDFs&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

24.  Honey - Dean Martin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLfDui09Yew&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

25.  In the Still of the Night-The Five Satins-original song-1956.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRb1-SAAIzs&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

26.  LISTEN TO ME. Buddy Holly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOR0P-lzbeg&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

27.  Patsy Cline - Someday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKnvwnhx5zI&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

28.  Paul Anka - Lonely Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxJepkZa_Ag&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

29.  Paul Anka - Put Your Head On My Shoulder (1959) HQ Audio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvxagNIBVLU&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

30.  Puppy Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyshr1hhv3E&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

31.  Rave On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-t4KSTGzSo0&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

32.  Ritchie Valens - We Belong Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkSfMj8D-7c&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

33.  Ritchie Valens-Donna.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMcHbh6HBDk&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

34.  Sam Cooke - Unchained Melody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV8XwoIGo5M&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

35.  Sam Cooke~ Hits of the #50s~ #Too Young~A Classic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quiQ5qYK72U&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

36.  The Penguins   That's How Much I Need You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ley0d2V-9xk&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

37.  The Penguins   Want Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4g0fOxHtF8&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

38.  The Penguins - Earth Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

39.  The Platters - Only You - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5p2k55F-uag&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

40.  The Platters - Twilight Time - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGwa2tw7Vws&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

41.  True Love Ways  Buddy Holly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjFRHIhSvwc&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

42.  Will Love Ever Come My Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBEdS6UKgxk&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

43.  You Belong to Me  -   Dean Martin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAdx_P8fSpA&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

44.  You've Got Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbsP8zx_t4k&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1
1950s Love Songs