
1.  Antonyan Family Best Moments (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FOoFbVwHR7c&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

2.  Best Moments of Alex Ernst  in David Dobrik's Vlog All of 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfCqSsudHSk&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

3.  DAVID DOBRIK BEST PRANKS ALL IN ONE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v68pDsnQOqo&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

4.  David Dobrik making Jeff Wittek sound like a criminal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XN2rqENYB6I&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

5.  DAVID DOBRIK REACTS TO TEENS REACT TO DAVID DOBRIK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3atwHRrkbw&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

6.  David Dobrik Vlogging with Controversial People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=734CcDKGLA4&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

7.  HALF NAKED HALLOWEEN! Halloween Through Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IdWu-qQkVY&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

8.  ILYA BEST MOMENTS 201819 - DAVID DOBRIK'S VLOGS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WiFIi_Py6k&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

9.  JASON NASH BEST MOMENTS - DAVID DOBRIK VLOGS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xi7R61OOgFc&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

10.  JASON NASH BEST MOMENTS [PART 7].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjyyLcONJck&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

11.  JEFF WITTEK BEST MOMENTS [PART 3].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lgv-CDRHsR0&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

12.  Josh Peck being iconic in David Dobrik's vlogs for 15 minutes straight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfqYNgFpzWg&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

13.  JOSH PECK BEST MOMENTS 2018 - DAVID DOBRIK'S VLOGS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oBFoLEcifMI&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

14.  JOSH PECK SINGING LIKE A PRO [BEST MOMENTS].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAN17Etbf7c&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

15.  JOSH PECK’s BEST MOMENTS IN DAVID DOBRIK’S VLOGS (2018).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibHzdfmPs_g&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

16.  Liza Koshy Funny Moments in David Dobrik's Vlogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alQA4YhdML0&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

17.  Tana Mongeau and David Dobrik FLIRTING for 10 Minutes Straight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqDCAVHqAfU&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

18.  VARDAN ANTONYAN BEST MOMENTS [PART 1].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taQh3S-cLyY&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

19.  VARDAN ANTONYAN BEST MOMENTS [PART 2].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-I2Viu9mlOg&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

20.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 59].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6B3MLI_oOc&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp

21.  Vlog Squad Hottest Moments (Natalie, Corinna Kopf, Liza Koshy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erLzsg-5o-E&list=PL_X1ElI5TMoU__-ROH4uOMtMACley1oWp
The vlog squad ????