
'Thunderclap Newman' ~ Something In The Air~Tribute to Andrew Laurence #ThunderclapNewman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iR5GbqweVf8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

(Don't Fear) The Reaper - Blue Öyster Cult (1976)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ycOp67eLoM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

10cc - I'm Not In Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STugQ0X1NoI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

10cc - The Things We Do For Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0rf3_viTxk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

1963 TV Concert 'It's The Beatles' Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brwmLjD-3Hw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

409-the Beach Boys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKKP_cZuk54&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

9 Smith   Baby Its You  u002769)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIGo31k-qkw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

A Rock 'n' Roll Fantasy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SzrxMNBE2g&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

ACDC - For Those About to Rock (We Salute You) (Live At River Plate, December 2009)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtMGoU9NcMo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

ACDC - It's A Long Way To The Top LIVE On TV 1976
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nULs4JW3tPI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

ACDC - Let There Be Rock (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3f2g4RMfhS0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Albert King - Blues Power - 9231970 - Fillmore East (Official)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SyVhBfIFbiQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

All Strung Out--Nino Tempo & April Stevens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ogtsaXmxK0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Alvin Lee & Mylon LeFevre  So Sad No Love Of His Own
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T32_k4QH95k&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

America - A horse with no name (clip HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm4BrZjY_Sg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Argent  ~ Hold Your Head Up (1972)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anpMFcae9rI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Argent - God Gave Rock And Roll To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QsG5V-o6uxY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Artful Dodger - Wayside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ql0ZofDP1pc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Atlanta in the 70's - Atlanta Rhythm Section - Champagne Jam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juQz_i2mxEk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Baba O'Riley with lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6uP_GbTf0o&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bad Company - Can't Get Enough (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7p9mzYB--uI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bad Company - Movin' On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFLH1GrDjU8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bad Company-Seagull
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-HHJVPxvqI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Baker Street
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tynWSAesAo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Beach Boys   Good Vibrations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSLMWasU0rM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Beach boys  - Sloop John B
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09dQmeB_NgU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Beach Boys - Come and Go With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-yisVFgLeA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Beach Boys - Good Vibration (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYz4sl_uwcM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Beach Boys - Surfin' USA (Video ca. 1963) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WK7Y21MZjcA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Beach Boys-In My Room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l71pbhqnvNM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Beck Bogert & Appice - Superstition - 1973
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyyhm1D7zlI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bee Gees - To Love Somebody (1967) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHtGu0OGEpc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bee Gees - You Should Be Dancing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JoZS6LgqYI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Billy Cobham - Stratus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1rX9E8NuRw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Billy J.  Kramer with the Dakotas    Little Children    2021 stereo mix...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DawV8OuhEgA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Billy Joel - Scenes From An Italian Restaurant (from Live at Yankee Stadium)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okyI2MAe6Sc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Billy Preston - Will It Go Round in Circles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghj5V5cUo1s&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Black Magic Woman Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yvA0lM0SCo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Black Sabbath ~ War Pigs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQUXuQ6Zd9w&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Black Water - Doobie Brothers (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=km4-eKvv3EM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Blind Faith ~ Can't Find My Way Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IN1J5sMv28Q&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bloodrock Sunday Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CduSGXYuii0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Blue Sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_-Nc_mMXyA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Blues Magoos - We Ain t Got Nothin  Yet (RARE clip) (High)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOWOdKs6KUo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bob Dylan - Tangled Up In Blue (Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwSZvHqf9qM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bob Marley & The Wailers - Lively Up Yourself (Live At The Rainbow Theatre, London  1977)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDnNqsy7rYE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bob Seger - Turn The Page (1973 Radio Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GONmFCkCGCc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bob Seger Old Time Rock n Roll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoaAb5MnKtY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bobby Fuller Four - I Fought The Law(1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgtQj8O92eI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bobby Womack - Harry hippie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tn9hpgXaWAg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Boston - More Than A Feeling (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oR4uKcvQbGQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Boston - More Than a Feeling (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4QK8RxCAwo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Boys Are Back In Town Thin Lizzy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQo1HIcSVtg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Boz Scaggs & Duane Allman ~ Loan Me A Dime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTFvAvsHC_Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Brian Eno - Baby's on Fire [HQ]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nItuhuY1U04&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Brooklyn Bridge - Worst That Could Happen - [original STEREO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRDRX4Gyq6I&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bruce Springsteen - Jungleland [Album Version]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JR_0nbEzVdY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bryan Ferry - Don't Stop The Dance (Art Remastering)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8UWMFV7ONE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Bryan Ferry Nuits de Fourviere Live in Lyon - Like a hurricane HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTOcbONX5rs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

BUDDY MILES - Them Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w05CYrXe4p4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Buddy Miles- Them Changes - 1970  Full Album HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-ECOlfm9Xs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Buffalo Springfield - For What It's Worth 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gp5JCrSXkJY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Buffalo Springfield Bluebird Long Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55q2rRh5UUU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Buggles - Video killed the radio star 1979
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iwuy4hHO3YQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Butts Band - Love Your Brother (Audio).wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOOst2J2_Tk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

B_o_ston - B_o_ston (Full Album) 1976
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5d9OexXJ2Ys&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Call Me The Breeze by Lynyrd Skynyrd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9wBpmZn9nA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Camel - Lady Fantasy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_ttIdgbKBg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Can't You See
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZZ7cogovrY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Canned Heat - Going Up The Country 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBhpiUFSYWI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Canned Heat - On The Road Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QexOuH8GS-Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Caravan - Memory Lain, Hugh  Headloss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEm0EaBRBjU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

CARAVANHOEDOWN-SURPRISE,SURPRISE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FbVDQOR8hI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Carlos Santana Kennedy Center Honors 2013 Complete [Full Clip]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnxW7xMF79w&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

CAT STEVENS - SITTING , SATURNIGHT CONCERT LIVE (1974) + CS MAGAZINE PICS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rZnA3m_Tc4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Chambers Brothers - Time Has Come Today (Live extended version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsBwBct0_5U&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Cheech & Chong - Low Rider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Alyx4QeRRdg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Chicken Shack - I'd Rather Go Blind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU5tfYYNyY4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Chubby Checker - Let's Twist Again (lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eh8eb_ACLl8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Chuck Berry - Johnny B. Goode live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQGCWf6azHY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Chuck Berry - No Particular Place to Go.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6OS_ItMGpc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Climax-Precious & Few 1972
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I95xCjQe6Jg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Cream - Badge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeGyQIgvSV0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Cream - I Feel Free (( New STEREO Mix ))
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fLn9Z1G_LE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

cream - i'm so glad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3GIQ86eu6c&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Cream - Strange Brew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_NholHANoY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Cream - Sunshine Of Your Love (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt51rITH3EA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Cream - Swlabr
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngIxuGOVGeQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Cream - Tales of Brave Ulysses LIVE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwJkY1KC9eM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Cream - White Room - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VR90gQ-SIaY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Creedence Clearwater Revival - Born On The Bayou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIjUY3pjN8E&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Creedence Clearwater Revival - Fortunate Son
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvwQmxLaknc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Creedence Clearwater Revival - I Heard It Through The Grapevine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXJQOWsp6f4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Creedence Clearwater Revival - Run Through The Jungle + Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYJVqpSddMM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Creedence Clearwater Revival Born On The Bayou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f775c_KgXE0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Creedence Clearwater Revival Suzie Q
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mxaA-bJ35s&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Crosby Stills Nash - Carry On  Questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nP0VBB7BO64&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young  Ohio 1970 Kent State University
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68g76j9VBvM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

CSN - Crosby, Stills, Nash - Suite Judy Blue Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMJug2iz3NA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Curtis Mayfield - Pusherman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCDAfa-NI-M&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Dave Clark Five - Glad All Over (original video 1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EipdAjhImrc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Dave Mason - look at you look at me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSfAYnI3MBc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Dave Mason-We Just Disagree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8_FOQ7-P30&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

David Bowie - Heroes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsYp9q3QNaQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

DAVID BOWIE - Starman (TOTP)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYtRp9UNx8Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

David Bowie- 07 Fill Your Heart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZcuEQs0w2I&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

David Bowie- 10 Queen Bitch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xB9nEMgAWLA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

David Cassidy - Rock Me Baby (1974) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AG0hjhwKx5s&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Dazed and Confused (Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yO2n7QoyieM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

DEEP PURPLE - LAZY - LIVE 1972 MACHINE HEAD TOUR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6x8GGXrCFQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Deep Purple - Smoke on the Water (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUwEIt9ez7M&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Deep Purple - Smoke On The Water 1972 (High Quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikGyZh0VbPQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Deep Purple - Woman from Tokyo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIliB436370&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Del Shannon - Runaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0S13mP_pfEc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Dick and Dee Dee - The Mountain High (1961 version remastered)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJtTUR-qPqc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Different Drum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9qsDgA1q8Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Dixie Chicken , Little Feat , 1973 Vinyl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFlUj1mv4Ws&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Do It Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmdiKePVUy8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Do You Know What I Mean  - Lee Michaels- 1971
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fymw5ie9Zd4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Do You Know What I Mean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YY9iVKQPeXA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Donovan  Atlantis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AUEjzVQwKo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Donovan - Catch the wind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8hjEYTpwE8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Donovan Hurdy Gurdy Man 68
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRsrDLkACTs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Doo Wah Diddy Manfred Mann HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uc0x7xOap4I&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Dr. John - Right Place Wrong Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HT4RainY-lY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Draggin the Line - Tommy James
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLfO738Ok5Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Dream On.Aerosmith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzTZ76vhnKk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Duane Allman & Boz Scaggs    ~   ''Loan Me A Dime''  1969
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vv60Dz9hUPo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Duane Eddy - Raunchy (1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Q9XVizZ2mU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Ducks on the Wall -- The Kinks (feat. baby ducks!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=454tudm_zsQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

E.L.O. (evil woman) wear your headphones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8sr74iCjyA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Earth, Wind & Fire - September (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gs069dndIYk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Easy Rider - Intro - Born to be wild!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1cDECkN2xg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Eddie Money - Two Tickets to Paradise (Live 1987)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FtHhUDo-08&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Eddie Money talks Two Tickets to Paradise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=miRBIU67Bxw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

edison lighthouse - Love grows where my rosemary goes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr6H1a7YUac&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Edison Lighthouse Love Grows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqcDG_xLWPY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

EDWIN STARR - 25 MILES (CLIP FROM UPBEAT TV SHOW 1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndw9u0_nBSk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Edwin Starr.    Twenty five miles.   1968.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFredbE3goM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Electric Light Orchestra - Do Ya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1iWA2lM86k&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Electric Light Orchestra - Don't Bring Me Down (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9nkzaOPP6g&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Electric Light Orchestra - Telephone Line (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77R1Wp6Y_5Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Elf - Dixie Lee Junction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LEqz1J-vZVQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

ELO - Do Ya (Live).mp4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsPTN-1my-w&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

ELO Fire On High (Live @Winterland)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9KhriTc050&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Elo-Ma-Ma-Ma-Belle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cV4ZJm7dh7g&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Elton John - Candle in the Wind (Yellow Brick Road 2 of 21)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkmrMtILPqo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Elton John - Goodbye Yellow Brick Road (Yellow Brick Road 4 of 21)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgkBx8csEws&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Elton John - Goodbye Yellow Brick Road Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDOL7iY8kfo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Elton John - Levon (1971) Live at BBC Studios
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mire1WJKdR8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Elton John - Rocket Man (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtVBCG6ThDk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Elton John - Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting (Yellow Brick Road 14 of 21)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26wEWSUUsUc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Emerson, Lake & Palmer - Fanfare For The Common Man - Live In Montreal, 1977
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMuePyV1nr8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Eric Burdon & The Animals Sky Pilot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lroU7apzma8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Eric Clapton - Layla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fX5USg8_1gA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

ERIC CLAPTON = COCAINE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBzY7F2lMNo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Eric Clapton Let It Rain (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y86kDFaJ2h4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Eve of Destruction   Barry McGuire  1965  HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPIcwjFB1PY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Fairport Convention - Come All Ye (early take)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpBlMoFFTbE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Fleetwood Mac hypnotized
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZeTlMpnfHk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Fleetwood Mac Sunny Side Of Heaven  Live in Long Beach  5-15-72
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfqhXTFztOo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Fleetwood Mac Tell Me All The Things You Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KW0ix7F5zP8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Fleetwood Mac ~ Albatross  (1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXeKi6ZkbOw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Flirtin' with Disaster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dN1NnCp0TVE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Focus - Hocus Pocus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFDW9b_ejfI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Foghat, 'I Just Want to Make Love to You,' from 'Live in St. Pete'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-h1IOb5kF0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

For What Its Worth w Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZKB-ZQTkO8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Frank Zappa - Dinah-Moe Humm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4hzVpYAP-U&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Franklin's Tower ? Grateful Dead, 5977
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0pdFViRNu8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Free - All Right Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YExuLkIaQ7U&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Friend & Lover - Reach Out Of The Darkness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqLRd4neGGE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

FROM THE BEGINNING - Emerson, Lake & Palmer (ELP)  (With Lyrics on screen)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtGjJVcrKQU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Funkadelic - Maggot Brain (full album)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21sP7orRS3c&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Garcia Cipollina Casady Kaukonen Freiberg Papa John 10-21-1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alAkoZasJ-Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gary Glitter - Rock'n Roll Part 2 1972
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nras3c8r45k&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gary Numan - Cars. Released 21st August 1979
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ldyx3KHOFXw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gary Wright - Dream Weaver (Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGetpLlufrc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gary Wright - DreamWeaver Official Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZKuzwPOefs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gary Wright - Love Is Alive (Midnight Special, 1976)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCc7XJRDD74&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gary Wright - Love Is Alive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82DSEkHatpw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Genesis - The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway Live 19745 Movie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKS9np3GoWc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Genesis - The Musical Box (live '73) Remastered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AFBY4dvoISc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Genesis Watcher of the Skies Live Shepperton Studios 16mm HD - 3031 October 1973
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5NOV0-EH0c&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gentle Giant - Nothing At All
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIlG0TmxzTs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

George Harrison - What is life (lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eEQ4J6Lnrs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gerry Rafferty   Baker Street Long Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dU6w56epBdc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gerry Rafferty - Baker Street (Live TV)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgQWjQZydY0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gerry Rafferty - Baker Street (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fo6aKnRnBxM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gerry Rafferty - Get It Right Next Time (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXW-sL5gzHQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gerry Rafferty - Right Down the Line (1667486)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSfOB8ANdWU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gerry Rafferty - Right Down The Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzSXSo3dTHU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gerry Rafferty- Baker Street LIVE 1978 [Reelin' In The Years Archives]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUKsXMtXiYM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Gimme Shelter - Grand Funk Railroad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7M9E7BsbHd0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Glad All Over Dave Clark Five COLOR Widescreen HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHtNFaa2ne0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Glass Harp - Look In The Sky (1970) USA Psych Band
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nZqVWGB26U&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Going up the Country - Canned Heat  WOODSTOCK '69
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hf0Dm-OaTNk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Golden Earring - Radar Love (1973)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sm1q1XoN_Qo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Golden Earring - Radar Love (Official Music Video [HD])
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRlSHG5hRY4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

GOT TO GIVE IT UP - MARVIN GAYE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fp7Q1OAzITM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Got To Give lt Up - Marvin Gaye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ayyy-03ITDg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Grand Funk Railroad  -  I'm Your Captain - Shea Stadium 1971
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_t59To7Snk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

GRAND FUNK RAILROAD - Inside Looking Out 1969
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxcOxvEsE_Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Grand Funk Railroad - Some Kind of Wonderful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7B5jXYRy3Q&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Grateful Dead - Shakedown Street
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MccLsc5YzrI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

groovin'_on a sunday afternoon with lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yko5V_tSNAQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Hair by the Cowsills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFy-yzj02FE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Hang on to Your Life - The Guess Who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfZ9kKrPd2E&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Hawkwind - Warrior On The Edge Of Time (1975) - Magnu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NhhMShc46bA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

heads hands & feet - song and dance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEgt_Y6Jkac&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Hear me Calling.- Alvin Lee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RESv9SMsdgc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Heart - Crazy On You (live 1977)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gpNqB4dnT4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Herman's Hermits - I'm Into Something Good (The Manchester Stadium)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRvcIj3XzU8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

HEY LITTLE COBRA - The Rip Chords
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc6FmZCT0Zc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Hondells Little Honda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHmRxpumtB4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Hot Tuna - Hit Single #1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAaMd7mJlec&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Hot Tuna - Water Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6giiYDlqRQs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

How Many More Times (Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-5o2f9wzmw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Humble Pie The Light ? ©1971
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTTLNDueVKA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

HUNG UPSIDE DOWN. Buffalo Springfield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmhANys3Hw8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

I Am The Walrus (Remastered 2009)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1Jm5epJr10&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

I Go to Pieces -  Peter & Gordon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HB6l4i-zA_Q&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

I'm Into Something Good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7JWrAQ3UMk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Ian Hunter, Jaco Pastorius - All American Alien Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXiYkOEBv8U&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Iggy Pop - The Passenger (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fWw7FE9tTo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Imagine - John Lennon & The Plastic Ono Band (w The Flux Fiddlers) (Ultimate Mix 2018) - 4K REMASTER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOgFZfRVaww&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

IRON BUTTERFLY - IN A GADDA DA VIDA - 1968 (ORIGINAL FULL VERSION) CD SOUND & 3D VIDEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIVe-rZBcm4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

IT'S A LONG WAY TO THE TOP (IF YOU WANNA ROCK 'N' ROLL) - AC DC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sUXMzkh-jI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

It's My Life - The Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJUI-NRDflU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

J J Cale Cocaine studio version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDyAUrE2f5M&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

J.J. Cale - Crazy Mama (Studio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcY5SQECqks&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jackson Browne - Running On Empty (LIVE) 1979
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNmIbSre7Tw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

James Gang - Funk #49
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_qHU_6Ofc0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

JAN & DEAN   SURF CITY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNLuZfA4eO8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jan & Dean Sidewalk Surfin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_Qr6Ky1Lbg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jan and Dean  Live -  Little Old Lady from Pasadena
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYxPgFUjDpA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Janis Joplin - Get It While You Can (HQ) ?10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blGnTHyWbIA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jeff Beck Group - Going Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zmzv5xJ4wE4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

JEFF BECK WITH THE JAN HAMMER GROUP   Blue Wind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nFaF-WGqlU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jeff Lynne's ELO  -   Electric Light Orchestra  -  Mr  Blue Sky - Live Concert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nubi_xJJ1Jg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jefferson Airplane -  Good Shepherd  Imagenes de Woodstock `69
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-i5BHBqDMjA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jefferson Airplane - Good Shepherd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22WQrnaTchI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jefferson Airplane - Somebody to love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Jj3wZVc7nw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jefferson Airplane-White Rabbit (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIyMBuM5AVw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jefferson Starship - Rock Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hkmEpcYpH0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jerry Garcia - The Wheel (Studio Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZK8UmvTocQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jethro Tull - Aqualung
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0jMPI_pUec&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jethro Tull - Locomotive Breath & Dambusters March (live at Madison Square Garden 1978)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLAIrfdU6O4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jethro Tull - Locomotive Breath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWubhw8SoBE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jethro Tull - To Cry You A Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNCEIGgyIS4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jethro Tull-Bungle In The Jungle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0frSN92mTGo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jethro Tull-Teacher with lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Esp_hOlFqiM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jim Croce - I Got a Name (1973)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcqauC49Xmc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jimi Hendrix  The Last 24 Hours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVetJ407n_k&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jimi Hendrix - Dolly Dagger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-E2A60WslXg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jimi Hendrix - Ezy Ryder (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9g6ngaWNAE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jimi Hendrix - Freedom (Live at the Atlanta Pop Festival 1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDvlErh5zcc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jimi Hendrix - Hear My Train A Comin' (Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX5phFmbrU8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jimi Hendrix Experience All Along The Watchtower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmGFFJtkDXA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Joe Cocker - With A Little Help From My Friends (best quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmwgGyfA7jU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Joe Cocker - With a little help from my friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCrlyX6XbTU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Joe Cocker ~ With A Little Help From My Friends  (Woodstock -1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CP26UahQsLQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Joe Walsh- Rocky Mountain Way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rt75y38J00s&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

John Baldry & Elton John - Flying (1971)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dpa_V649KSE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Johnny Guitar Watson - A real mother for ya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z-hKprKdII&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Johnny Nash - I Can See Clearly Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkwJ-g0iJ6w&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Johnny Winter with Dr. John - Jumpin' Jack Flash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4om10ZMbKc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Joker Music Video  Rock & Roll Part 2 - Gary Glitter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bW-OLcZ4tGY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jonathan Edwards - Shanty - (Jonathan Edwards, November 1971)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vH5qJNl8qDM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Journey - Lovin', Touchin', Squeezin' (Official Video - 1979)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTkHFQC3wow&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Jr Walker & Allstars - Shotgun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnhI_ECOAK4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Junior Walker and The All Stars - Road Runner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQq7dhtbDxY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Just A Little Beau Brummels STEREO HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InRb7bOuT9c&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Just Dropped In (To See What Condition My Condition Was In)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=meJP410N9Gg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Kashmir (1990 Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsaFBNvhceA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

KC & The Sunshine Band - Give It Up [HQ]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeqtAB1WgEw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Keep on Dancing - The Gentrys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeEs6e0FdwU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Keep on Dancing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2apM0DAe1g&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Kevin Ayers - Stranger in Blue Suede Shoes (Studio Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xc9w_7OhmwI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Kinks - Celluloid Heroes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yp_QkUVZGPc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Kinks - I'm Not Like Everybody Else
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFkYoT5Gezo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

LAY DOWN Melanie & The Edwin Hawkins Singers LIVE '70 (Candles In The Rain)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZ52lk9wjZI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Layla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TngViNw2pOo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Led Zeppelin  Kashmir 5 24 1975
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zp3nCW8VkJ8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Led Zeppelin - Led Zeppelin - You Shook Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YS1Tz6dzcjU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Led Zeppelin - Whole Lotta Love (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQmmM_qwG4k&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Led Zeppelin-Ramble On-Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvQ2oKSLIGQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Lemon Pipers - Green Tambourine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5Vz-z4PEkk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Leon Russell -  A Song For You  (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvazuyF6eXw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Leon Russell - Hummingbird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXs29SpLGpU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Let It Be (Remastered 2009)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDYfEBY9NM4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

let's dance ~Chris Montez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNLXxDMxe18&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Lies Knickerbockers Stereo HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm 720p
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I_bG4VBHCU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Life Goes On ~ The Kinks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7eg30GvV9E&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Linda Ronstadt - Blue Bayou (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kp9G0zkorio&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Link Wray & John Cipollina
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upKYTnysAwQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Little Feat - Dixie Chicken (with Emmylou Harris & Bonnie Raitt) Live 1977. HQ Video.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3z-GwdaKrn8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Little Feat - Rocket In My Pocket (Waiting for Columbus, March, 1978)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGYB3QhfrRE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Little Feat - Time Loves a Hero (May, 1977)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfJGmY9-TBQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Little feat..Waiting for Columbus - Fatman in the Bathtub.wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb-yB4OxGBA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Little Green Bag - Reservoir Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8yQuivSEio&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

LIVE!! The Lovin' Spoonful Do You Believe In Magic ~ 1965
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8ifTS5NEsI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Loggins & Messina  - Vahevala - (On Stage, April, 1974)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sEPctRs_1I&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Loggins & Messina - Angry Eyes -  (Loggins & Messina - October, 1972)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9iTjVfh558&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Long Cool Woman in a Black Dress by The Hollies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0LTRPMpOVM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Long John Baldry - A Thrill's A Thrill [Uncensored]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKTo4OftzbE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Long John Baldry - It Ain't Easy HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ekw62Hp-3Hw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Long John Baldry ...  Don't Try To Lay No Boogie-Woogie On The King Of Rock and  Roll
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFsCbTZ7eLc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Long Time Gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1_aocVlZIE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Look Out (Here Comes Tomorrow)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGzvGSijWFM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Lou Reed - Sweet Jane (live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrMLt9bMd_I&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Lou Reed - Walk on the Wild Side (audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oG6fayQBm9w&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Love - My Little Red Book - from original mono LP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnFBZcsFQmQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Love - My Little Red Book [1966].
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftO9ClIhFAo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Love Me Do (Remastered 2009)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pGOFX1D_jg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Lynyrd Skynyrd - Sweet Home Alabama - 721977 - Oakland Coliseum Stadium (Official)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GxWmSVv-cY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Lynyrd Skynyrd - Sweet Home Alabama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye5BuYf8q4o&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Lynyrd Skynyrd - That Smell - 7131977 - Convention Hall (Official)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hib4n9RmFrQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Lynyrd Skynyrd - You Got That Right (studio version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1t6fNnLOfo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Lynyrd Skynyrd You got that right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBmtaFq0kvQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

M - Pop Muzik 1979
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Avvh5H-EPWU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Magic Bus (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwM14LorzWo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Manfred Man Pretty Flamingo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFAhXvX0fHM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Manfred Mann - Blinded by the Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcWVL4B-4pI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Manfred Mann's Earth Band- Blinded by the Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJh47LybCkU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Melissa- Allman brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pwbowi-8Yoo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Michael Nesmith - Different Drum (Live at the Britt Festival 1992)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMkiZ9tO-Zs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Mike Oldfield - Tubular bells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSRJvq4Wd48&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Mitch Ryder & The Detroit Wheels C.C. Rider 1966
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9eWGdJIW74&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Mitch Ryder & The Detroit Wheels CC Rider Super Sound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Pvn4NlY5mI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

MITCH RYDER and THE DETROIT WHEELS  DEVIL WITH THE BLUE DRESS ON
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTBgMzWi6Lg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Mitch Ryder Little Latin Lupe Lu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWSrRbWmtMI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Money - Pink Floyd HD (Studio Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpbbuaIA3Ds&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Montrose - Bad Motor Scooter (1973) (Remastered) HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcqYGjMPDJo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Mony Mony by Tommy James & The Shondells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkMgs3lFwkQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Moody Blues - Question (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wDHvmCVRxU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Moody Blues - The Story In Your Eyes (original version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-iJ47in9YQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

More Than a Feeling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufQUxoidxkM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Mott The Hoople   All The Young Dudes   Live Video 1973 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L774jUH1cq4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Mountain - Mississippi Queen live @ Randall's Island N.Y 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFUUtGVsEOE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Music Machine - 'Talk Talk'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZExWt-bj-k&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Mustang Sally by Wilson Pickett
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1FRrZD2y9Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye - Steam (1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbbYLyOK2vo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsaTElBljOE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Never In My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZCE23V_zFo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Nice,nice, very nice ,Ambrosia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAxPLoFedQo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

No sugar tonight- The Guess who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amqgUwIMjw4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Norman Greenbaum - Spirit in the Sky (PSK Remastered)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cXrEPNvRO8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Ohio- Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRE9vMBBe10&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Ohio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1PrUU2S_iw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

One Toke Over the Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql0IB1zv2MA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Ooh La La (live) - Ronnie Lane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpSlT2BVvGc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Open My Eyes Nazz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjKx-yLOGEY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Outlaws- There Goes Another Love Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5ptavYnUBM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Paul Kantner - Have You Seen The Stars Tonite - XM (Blows Against The Empire - 1970) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rvetP_Kcgk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Paul McCartney & Wings - Maybe I'm Amazed [Live] [High Quality]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxTdz3hw9Xo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Paul McCartney - Maybe I'm Amazed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNh5Ca1dIXM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Paul Revere & The Raiders - Indian Reservation HQ Sound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21ixwIaN7qw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Paul Revere and The Raiders - Kicks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IP8G4clUJBY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

People Get Ready
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0T-FNTOP8gk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Pete Townshend ~ Let's See Action
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vP_1FJRnHHw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Peter Frampton Do You Feel Like We Do Midnight Special 1975 FULL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7rFYbMhcG8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Peter Greens Fleetwood Mac Live 1968-70
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8v_OC3zWCM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Peter Greens Fleetwood Mac
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v55AH2_jhvk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Pink Floyd -  at Pompeii  Echoes  part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSJPEZpHKFg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Pink Floyd -  Brain Damage  Eclipse 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Z39KZAryzk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Pink Floyd - Another Brick In The Wall (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR5ApYxkU-U&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Pink Floyd - Shine On You Crazy Diamond   [Official]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0sw2CgysWY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Pink Floyd -Echoes  Pompeii
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-E7_VHLvkE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Please Don´t Let Me Be Misunderstood- The Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHjKzr6tLz0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Poco - Nobody's Fool  El Tonto de Nadie, Regresa (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbHDvTgkxpo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Pretty Woman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puJ99egc884&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Procol Harum-A Whiter Shade of Pale-lyrics!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPwu6ZCtoUQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Queen - I'm in Love With My Car
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgee3FNiZY4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Queen  Bohemian Rhapsody (Official Video Remastered)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ9rUzIMcZQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Question Mark & The Mysterians - 96 Tears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7uC5m-IRns&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Quicksilver Messenger Service Edward, The Mad Shirt Grinder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHbA7D60XkI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Ram Jam - Black Betty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_2D8Eo15wE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Randy Newman - Short People (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bfyS-S-IJs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Rapper's Delight - The Sugarhill Gang (1979)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUqvPJ3cbUQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Rare Earth - (I Know) I'm Losing You - long version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtszi0q6kJg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Rare Earth - Get Ready - complete track -1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yan9WilVmEg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Rare Earth - I Know I'm Losing You (full version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F28X8--2dFU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Redbone - Come And Get Your Love - LIVE 1974 The Midnight Special (Guardians Of The Galaxy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj0drevGOgA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Reelin' In The Years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaH25Sghoqc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Ricky Nelson - Hello Mary-Lou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLkCWT2neuI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Ricky Nelson - I Will Follow You  (1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyZAJQgrXKk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Ride Like the Wind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1Hdlu3Slaw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Riders on the storm  the doors lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-SpyO6bcwc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Righteous Brothers - Unchained Melody (subtitle in englishsubtitulado español) (Live 1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrK5u5W8afc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Ringo Starr - Octopus's Garden (Beatles) (live 2005) HQ 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-BdGchS0yk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Robert Palmer and UB40 'Baby Tonight'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wuSj6sPHIQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

ROBIN TROWER - Bridge Of Sighs  (1974 UK TV Appearance) ~ HIGH QUALITY HQ ~
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tLsFsGxLmE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Robin Trower - Bridge Of Sighs Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUk_RC1DVwk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Rock 'N' Roll (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nf65QarZLik&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Ronnie & The Daytonas - 'Little GTO'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_FSicQWimU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Ronnie Lane - Ooh la la (live @ BBC 1974)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=24jcIQiP01A&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Rotary Connection - Lady Jane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SuAvPFb0iy4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Rotary Connection - Turn Me On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrTb3uHeXDY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Rotary Connection Ruby Tuesday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DBLzqzCAjvo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Roundabout (2008 Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPCLFtxpadE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Roxy Music - Avalon (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpA_5a0miWk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Roy Orbison - Oh, Pretty Woman (from Black & White Night)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PLq0_7k1jk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Roy Orbison - Only the Lonely from Black and White Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YG__LBJVZ0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Sam & Dave - Soul Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pYh-LwbUwoQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Sam and Dave - Hold on I'm coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AREppyQf5uw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

san franciscan nights eric burdon & the animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nw08Ho6_Pds&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Santana - Black Magic Woman  Gypsy Queen (HDHQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPqlOucsrpo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

SANTANA BLACK MAGIC WOMAN (OFFICIAL LIVE VIDEO) FT. PETER GREEN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIMrU8qcbs8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Savoy Brown - Hellbound Train
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlqqeobOJvg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Seatrain Willin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAXUQENUP8A&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Shambala (1975) - Three Dog Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnyh6i9NvmE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

SHOCKING BLUE - VENUS(1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auoArgmzqN4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Simon & Garfunkel - The Boxer (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3LFML_pxlY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Sir Douglas Quintet - She's About A Mover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XboE3_7KZ3Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

SISTER SLEDGE - WE ARE FAMILY (1979) OFFICIAL VIDEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMVe_HcyP9Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Sliding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZErw6dWg-bY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Sly & The Family Stone - Hot Fun in the Summertime (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bg0tFRea0wA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Small Faces - Itchycoo Park
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGEgRnvFzLY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Small Faces - Tin Soldier (good quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vWTtx_PxPo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Smokey Robinson & The Miracles - Tracks Of My Tears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCwkZrj2VT4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Sniff 'n' the Tears - Driver's Seat (extended version #1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIgW-4EnxO4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Somebody To Love - Jefferson Airplane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pk7mGoKD2sg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

something in the air- thunderclap newman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNK5jVkv0vM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Sonny & Cher reunite for the last time to sing 'I Got You Babe' on Letterman (1987)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4EaFzRVjlM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Spare Me a Little of Your Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HiGEEHtumDM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Spencer Davis Group - 'Gimme Some Lovin' Stereo Music Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxA3atHD2QM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

SPIRIT - I GOT A LINE ON YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2g86522nb28&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Spooky Tooth - Waitin' For the Wind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DT881ZR7kNQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Squeeze Box - The Who
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSYgRYlhMW4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Stanley Clarke - School Days HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xk_gzDQd4zw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Status Quo - Pictures of Matchstick Men  (Studio-Stereo 1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yIqbVDf3OU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Steeleye Span - One Misty Mosity Morning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SacU_M1seD4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Steely Dan - Do It Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKAC7t0P65o&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

STEPPENWOLF - BORN TO BE WILD (LYRICS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIfvwwPSHCI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Steppenwolf - Magic Carpet Ride (Version 1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPE9a_epmWw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Steppenwolf - The Pusher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XqyGoE2Q4Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel - Make Me Smile 1975 HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptFegqTOYYc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Stevie Ray Vaughan & Dick Dale - Pipeline (1987)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56SAxtf-RTg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Still You Turn Me On - Emerson Lake and Palmer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8VHHcd0M_o&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Stone Poneys - Different Drum (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGZznJXY1Xc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Strawberry Alarm Clock - Incense & Peppermints (1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rw1_FNdy-Y&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

STUBBORN KIND OF FELLOW - FRANKIE MILLER (BBC Live 1978)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcYYrPPrKBQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Stuck in the Middle with you - Stealers Wheel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMAIsqvTh7g&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

sugarloaf - green eyed lady
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xc1PHk9FhIk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Sunny Side of Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BujGOSvIZw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

SunsetSam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6P3Mmpi2SM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

SUNSHINE SUPERMAN (Lyrics) - DONOVAN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCQ0LmZkSjQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Supertramp - Take The Long Way Home (BEST QUALITY SOUND)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPRrHyXchEY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Surfaris - Wipe Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p13yZAjhU0M&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Syndicate of Sound Little Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xA8tUUrSTIw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

T. Rex - Get It On (1971) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZkTh_T75QY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

T. Rex - Hot Love (1971) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGx7nrjn0ic&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

T.REX  Get it On ( Bang a Gong ) 1971
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBin9qC5dKg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

T.Rex - Ride A White Swan 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skjvDLpeh4c&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Take the Long Way Home - Roger Hodgson (Supertramp) Writer and Composer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLP0y-X4uYs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Taurus- Spirit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xd8AVbwB_6E&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Terence Trent D'arby - Wishing well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2Nd_lS9Kcs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Allman Brothers Band - One Way Out - At Fillmore East 1971 (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJ9twEldw_M&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Allman Brothers Band - Whipping Post - 9231970 - Fillmore East (Official)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUvxRjYqjEQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The American Breed - Bend Me, Shape Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CVJFQkPkCg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Animals - It's My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNzmrEgz_GI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Animals - We Gotta Get Out Of This Place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJVpihgwE18&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Archies - Sugar Sugar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6XM50McwNHI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beach Boys - California Girls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KcrbDYe4qL4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beach Boys - Come Go With Me (2016 Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYDIYbbka08&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beach Boys - Feel Flows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bp_8GKcNvdQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beach Boys - Fun Fun Fun (Vinyl)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JK7DA0FliIs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beach Boys - Good Vibrations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eab_beh07HU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beach Boys-Don't Worry Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9E1by7PocE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - A Day In The Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usNsCeOV4GM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - Hello, Goodbye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rblYSKz_VnI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - Hey Jude
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_MjCqQoLLA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - I Feel Fine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrAV5EVI4tU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - I Want To Hold Your HandHD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otrH5hxJ2GE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - I'm a Loser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukWRRNqMAZ4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - In My Life (Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqpysaAo4BQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - Penny Lane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-rB0pHI9fU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - Revolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGLGzRXY5Bw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - She Loves You - The Mersey Sound Show (1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EDUoqi1JHM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - What You're Doing (take 11 - rehearsal)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1levHlDyGo0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - You Can Do That  [HD]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXIQ3uvTh08&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles - You cant do that live ( HQ )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8Dpt7TI9q0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beatles-Things We Said Today (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFD3GT387uI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beau Brummels - Just A Little
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYneeXVOAyA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beau Brummels - Laugh Laugh (Shindig)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_GeYgT58d0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Beau Brummels Laugh Laugh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQ4WE0GviLg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Boys are Back in Town - Thin Lizzy (1976)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ham6vFy8v2I&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Byrds   Mr Tambourine Man Remastered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyOzGPbn2tg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Byrds- It's All Over Now, Baby Blue (Easy Rider)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhMhJ9BjAP4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Cars - Just What I Needed - The Midnight Special 1978
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsPh-EgH65M&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Cars - Let's Go [promo].avi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOyLNI4SYV8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The CARS - Let's go!(1979)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExYsh1W22Wo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

THE CARS - MOVING IN STEREO  ALL MIXED UP (1978)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZhfFXEMMI4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Cascades Rhythm of the Falling Rain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmF_bG5IVnM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Chambers Brothers - Love Peace & Happiness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k48R2wJWIr8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Chambers Brothers - Time Has Come Today (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIqwzQ7g-Cc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Chambers Brothers Time Has Come Today (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HVj0Hs7Uj8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Clash - Train in Vain (Live at the Lewisham Odeon)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNot47WRBFk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

THE COUNT FIVE-'PSYCHOTIC REACTION',(1966).wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBTT3VPriV8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

THE COWSILLS I LOVE THE FLOWER GIRL -OFFICIALLY TITLED THE RAIN, THE PARK AND OTHER THINGS.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZMc0-ZAUeY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Cowsils_ The Rain, The Park, & Other Things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yi0CqIeLjkQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Dave Clark 5  Glad All Over (1964) [High Quality Sound, Subtitled]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CmZ5FYhWeU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Doors - People Are Strange
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJY8jJkDoMY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Faces - Maybe I'm Amazed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLhoLkTyNkM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The First Edition  Just Dropped In (To See What Condition My Condition Was In)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AULOC--qUOI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Flying Machine - Smile A Little Smile For Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BR3xcZ-osqE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The four tops  - I can't help myself . HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88QIYTnOELc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Four Tops-I Can't Help Myself (Sugar Pie, Honey Bunch)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3bksUSPB4c&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Grass Roots - Midnight Confessions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nZnqtDdsws&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Guess Who - Undun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLMF5GM0Kt8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Herman's Hermits -I'm Into Something Good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSAob1TnAvc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Honeycombs-Have I The Right (Shindig) 1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3lbIpJxJS4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Human Beinz - Nobody But Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pg0VK_jjiRw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Humblebums - Please sing a song for us (Gerry Rafferty  Billy Connolly)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Z9ROW9oAG4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Jimi Hendrix Experience - All Along The Watchtower (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLV4_xaYynY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Jimi Hendrix Experience - Foxey Lady (Miami Pop 1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PVjcIO4MT4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Kingsmen - Louie Louie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RZJ4ESU52U&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Kinks -  Life Goes On, 1977
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuD-7pcjdSk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Kinks - All Day And All Of The Night (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOGMRnKl5co&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Kinks - Juke Box Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzjoqpTqSR4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Kinks - Tired of Waiting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hz64hWng2vM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

the kinks- you really got me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2GmzyeeXnQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Knack - My Sharona (1979)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BR2JtsVumFA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Lovin Spoonful - Daydream  (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwH4wPz-URM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Lovin' Spoonful You Didn't Have To Be So Nice 1965
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpZI8biFsn8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Marshall Tucker Band - Can't You See (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-48Za7VZR_c&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Marshall Tucker Band Heard It In A Love Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=it_ZGSHDrhQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Modern Lovers - Roadrunner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZWoJ8_75Mo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

the MODERN LOVERS Modern World 1972
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_SVoOwW4Yc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

the MODERN LOVERS Pablo Picasso 1972
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejmE-F3EJyQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Monkees - Daydream Believer  ( 1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8urgvC0TR8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Monkees - Daydream Believer (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvqeSJlgaNk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Moody Blues - Go Now (1964)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sG1ES1zW2Go&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Moody Blues - Go Now - Top Of The Pops Show (1964)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUFFRd27YDw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Moody Blues - Nights in white satin lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAl_awesPLY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Moody Blues In The Beginning- Lovely To See You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AukFsBv2oDY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Moody Blues. Lovely to See You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FolHJOYZSWM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Move - Do Ya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2I5kH0klENs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Music Explosion  ~  Little Bit O'Soul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdWp-QCLfWw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Outsiders - Time Won´t Let Me  (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaj1wVNvSqk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Rolling Stones - (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrIPxlFzDi0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Rolling Stones - Gimme Shelter (Live) - OFFICIAL PROMO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kl6q_9qZOs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Rolling Stones - Sympathy For The Devil (Live) - OFFICIAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRXGsPBUV5g&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Rolling Stones - You Can't Always Get What You Want (Live) - OFFICIAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqMl5CRoFdk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Romantics - What I Like About You (Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rqnw5IfbZOU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Shangri-Las -Leader Of The Pack Video with High Quality Sound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8UKf65NOzM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Standells - Dirty Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5apEctKwiD8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Steve Miller Band - Jackson-Kent Blues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDb7FIsNnso&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Tokens - The Lion Sleeps Tonight.mp3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGl5ReYunoY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Trashmen - Surfin Bird - Bird is the Word 1963 (RE-MASTERED) (ALT End Video) (OFFICIAL VIDEO)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Gc4QTqslN4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Tremeloes - Here Comes My Baby 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMy6PaZT7_g&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Troggs - Love Is All Around (1849611)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xEEhzAh6n4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Troggs - Love Is All Around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WO6glz0wpmo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Troggs - With A Girl Like You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHcXvPPtd30&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Troggs- Wild Thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qHX493bB3U&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Turtles - Happy Together - 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRCe5L1imxg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Turtles - It Ain't Me Babe (Shindig - Sep 30, 1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXCqDbCQVdw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Ventures -  PIPELINE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqC3BjIyq_0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Ventures - Walk Don't Run [Live] '64
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHP7YUw0G2Q&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Who & Elton John - Pinball Wizard (Tommy 1975)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DthtDjhqVOU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Who - Baba O'Riley (Shepperton Studios  1978)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gu9HhYv0C7E&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Who - Baba O'Riley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gY5rztWa1TM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Who - I Can't Explain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3h--K5928M&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Who - Magic Bus - Live At Leeds HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmfQQC1bsf4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Who - Magic Bus Live at Leeds 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fay1uk7wpnQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Who - Pinball Wizard (From Live At The Isle Of Wight Festival)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aOUqRZkR8dE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Who - Won't Get Fooled Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHhrZgojY1Q&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Yardbirds - For Your Love (1965) (Full version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HU5zqidlxMQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Yardbirds - Heart Full Of Soul (1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kKJ2BRGA5s&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Youngbloods- Get Together ( Woodstock-1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deW7_D5qems&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Zombies - She's Not There
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2hXBf1DakE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

The Zombies - Time Of The Season (with lyrics) official
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBxK3CcOQD8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Them - Baby Please Don't Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXtHt8BstCs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Them - Baby Please Don't Go.mp4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Wah7MqEHFg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

THEM...gloria  1964 )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34ZKxt2p6tM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

These Are The Times To Remember - Billy Joel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSaaEVAMi3o&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Thin Lizzy - The Boys Are Back In Town
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGZqDzb__bw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Thunderclap Newman - Something In The Air (1969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJae3Q2l-BY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Thunderclap Newman - Something In The Air
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTZoJ01FpD8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Tim Tam & The Turn Ons - Wait A Minute
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYZzL8dIpBA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Tom Waits - No Visitors After Midnight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Y97UQ_TD8c&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Toots & Maytals Louie Louie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otbtDNT6FA8&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

TOPPOP Eddie Money - Two Tickets To Paradise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1shKkqTu9c&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Traffic  -   Empty Pages   (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRH0CGVK7ic&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Traffic - Low Spark Of High Heeled Boys (Full, with slideshow)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udyNr0pY6ak&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

TRAFFIC Dear Mr.Fantasy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxVlN-LzIks&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Traffic Rock and Roll Stew, Pts.  1 & 2 MoFi Ultradisc II 24kt Gold Release
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZ_dynayUXI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Tripe Face Boogie   Little Feat Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5bWqhYSiBs&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Uriah Heep - Wizard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0iuaxvkXv4&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Vahevala         Loggins and Messina
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiDOkRJ1w20&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Van Morrison - Here Comes The Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pA1Tk7FED0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Venus by Shocking Blue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2DBcbZc3ck&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Waitin' For The Bus - Jesus Just Left Chicago , ZZ Top , 1973 Vinyl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BLof0G2sSw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Walter Egan - Magnet and Steel (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RamSFoo0jw&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

WAR- SLIPPIN INTO DARKNESS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFSWW4O6QNM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Warren Zevon - Lawyers, Guns and Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lP5Xv7QqXiM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Warren Zevon - Werewolves Of London (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qae25976UgA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Watermelon Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppJQKfqhFfE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Wayne Cochran - Last Kiss (1962 - Primera Versión)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKDMRZv4SYc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

We Five - You Were On My Mind (Live On Hollywood Palace)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_f16t1JGHo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

We Five- You Were On My Mind 1965
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29uNvGHsRlc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

When I need you - Leo Sayer (With lyrics) [HQ]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoXcRw9gJCA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

When the Levee Breaks (Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFDYuO53BUk&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

WHIPPING POST - Allman Brothers Band
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2dpgXYvMHI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

White Bird- It's A Beautiful Day -1968
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Cin0QzuEss&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

White Rabbit-Jefferson Airplane Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWWsfrfq69A&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

White Summer (2003 Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wt0TZczFaOo&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Whole Lotta Love (Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bcIjILqORM&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Wild Horses - Rolling Stones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhwwCWkmYoc&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Wilson Pickett - Everybody Needs Somebody to Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRRdhY5jOBE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Wilson Pickett - In the Midnight Hour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGVGFfj7POA&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Wilson Pickett - Land of a Thousand Dances (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbRiM26hyms&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Wilson Pickett - Mustang Sally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16u6w0cjjrU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Wishbone Ash - Warrior - 1973
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hg6zqejXvqI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Wooden Ships - Crosby Stills Nash and Young
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Q3j-i7GLr0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Woodstock 1969 - Canned Heat - On The Road Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5j16RlNtyBE&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Woodstock 1969 Canned Heat Woodstock Boogie-Part 1 HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YkDH2s5eW0&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

wouldnt it be nice Beach Boys documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TU0uMNx2hQY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

You've Lost That Loving Feeling Righteous Brothers JAR-ReMix Stereo HiQ Hybrid JARichardsFilm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOnYY9Mw2Fg&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Young Rascals - I Ain't Gonna Eat Out My Heart Anymore (1966)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKYVOubhqJY&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

Your Time Is Gonna Come (Remaster)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cvEVivHVsU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

ZZ Top - La Grange
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vppbdf-qtGU&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

ZZ TOP-Waitin' For The BusJesus Just Left Chicago
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29GJxkW-hKI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

[Don't Fear] The Reaper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FS8p_F0Stog&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

? ? ? Gary Wright Dream Weaver, AlbumStudio Version HQ ? ? ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-DmAh0dObI&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

? The Faces Live 1972 ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xHBjeiqzkQ&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs

???????? ?????????????? - ???????? ?????? ???????? ???????? ??  ?????? ???? ?????? ????????  ????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6s5OhbkLh7Q&list=PLvCvQKDJNRNY8rTuYvAEnereF4AGQf9hs
Classic Rock from the '60's and '70's