
1.  'Till I Collapse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Obim8BYGnOE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

2.  2Pac - Changes (Official Music Video) ft. Talent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXvBjCO19QY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

3.  2Pac - Hit 'Em Up (Dirty) (Music Video) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41qC3w3UUkU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

4.  2pac feat Dr.Dre - California Love HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wBTdfAkqGU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

5.  3 Doors Down - Here Without You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPBzTxZQG5Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

6.  3 Doors Down - Kryptonite (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPU8OAjjS4k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

7.  50 Cent - 21 Questions (Official Music Video) ft. Nate Dogg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDMhlvbOFaM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

8.  50 Cent - In Da Club (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qm8PH4xAss&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

9.  50 Cent - Many Men (Wish Death) (Dirty Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5D3crqpClPY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

10.  50 Cent - P.I.M.P. (Snoop Dogg Remix) ft. Snoop Dogg, G-Unit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDApZhXTpH8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

11.  Aerosmith - I Don't Want to Miss a Thing (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkK8g6FMEXE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

12.  Alice DJ - Better Off Alone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lgs9QUtWc3M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

13.  Alicia Keys - Fallin' (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Urdlvw0SSEc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

14.  Alicia Keys - If I Ain't Got You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ju8Hr50Ckwk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

15.  Alien Ant Farm - Smooth Criminal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDl9ZMfj6aE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

16.  Aqua - Barbie Girl (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyhrYis509A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

17.  Aserejé (The Ketchup Song) [Spanish Version] - Las Ketchup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arZZw8NyPq8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

18.  Audioslave - Like a Stone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QU1nvuxaMA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

19.  Avril Lavigne - Complicated (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NPBIwQyPWE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

20.  Avril Lavigne - Sk8er Boi (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIy3n2b7V9k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

21.  Backstreet Boys - As Long As You Love Me (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Gl2QnHNpkA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

22.  Backstreet Boys - Drowning (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZXHBgjQjNM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

23.  Backstreet Boys - Everybody (Backstreet's Back) (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M6samPEMpM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

24.  Backstreet Boys - I Want It That Way (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fndeDfaWCg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

25.  Backstreet Boys - Shape Of My Heart (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OT5msu-dap8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

26.  Backstreet Boys - Show Me The Meaning Of Being Lonely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBt8fN7mJNg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

27.  Beyoncé - Crazy In Love ft. JAY Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViwtNLUqkMY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

28.  Biggie Smalls - Hypnotize.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wk4ftn4PArg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

29.  blink-182 - All The Small Things (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ht5RZpzPqw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

30.  blink-182 - I Miss You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1tAYmMjLdY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

31.  Bloodhound Gang - The Bad Touch (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xat1GVnl8-k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

32.  Bomfunk MC's - Freestyler (Video Original Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymNFyxvIdaM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

33.  Bon Jovi - It's My Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx2u5uUu3DE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

34.  Breaking The Habit [Official Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2H4l9RpkwM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

35.  Brian McKnight - Back At One (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXPfovXw2tw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

36.  Britney Spears - ...Baby One More Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-u5WLJ9Yk4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

37.  Britney Spears - Lucky (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vvBAONkYwI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

38.  Britney Spears - Oops!...I Did It Again (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CduA0TULnow&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

39.  Britney Spears - Sometimes (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0bPrt69rag&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

40.  Busta Rhymes, Mariah Carey - I Know What You Want (Official HD Video) ft. Flipmode Squad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDaNJW_jEBo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

41.  Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, Mya, Pink - Lady Marmalade (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQa7SvVCdZk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

42.  Ciara - 1, 2 Step (Official Video) ft. Missy Elliott.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBHNgV6_znU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

43.  Coldplay - Clocks (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d020hcWA_Wg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

44.  Coldplay - The Scientist (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB-RcX5DS5A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

45.  Crawling [Official HD Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gd9OhYroLN0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

46.  Crazy Town - Butterfly (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FEDrU85FLE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

47.  Creed - My Sacrifice (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-fyNgHdmLI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

48.  Creed - One Last Breath (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnkuBUAwfe0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

49.  Destiny's Child - Bills, Bills, Bills (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiF6-0UTqtc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

50.  Destiny's Child - Say My Name (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQgd6MccwZc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

51.  Dido - White Flag (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-fWDrZSiZs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

52.  DMX - Ruff Ryders' Anthem (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThlhSnRk21E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

53.  DMX - Where The Hood At (Dirty) (Music Video) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6CqXgs-7ico&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

54.  DMX - X Gon' Give It To Ya (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGx6K90TmCI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

55.  Dr. Dre ft. Snoop Dogg - Still D.R.E. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CL6n0FJZpk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

56.  Dr. Dre ft. Snoop Dogg, Kurupt, Nate Dogg - The Next Episode (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZXc39hT8t4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

57.  Dream Killers Divine Love Mission in 432hz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhQcHQv0E8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

58.  Eiffel 65 - Blue (Da Ba Dee) [Gabry Ponte Ice Pop Mix] (Original Video with subtitles).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ugkg9RePc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

59.  Eminem - Cleanin' Out My Closet (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQ9_TKayu9s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

60.  Eminem - Lose Yourself [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Yhyp-_hX2s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

61.  Eminem - My Name Is (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNPnbI1arSE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

62.  Eminem - Sing For The Moment (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4hAVemuQXY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

63.  Eminem - Stan (Short Version) ft. Dido.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSLZFdqwh7E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

64.  Eminem - The Real Slim Shady (Official Video - Clean Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJO5HU_7_1w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

65.  Eminem - Without Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVkUvmDQ3HY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

66.  Eminem, Dr. Dre - Forgot About Dre (Explicit) (Official Music Video) ft. Hittman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFcv5Ma8u8k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

67.  Enrique Iglesias - Bailamos ( Original version ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixqOgtNERAQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

68.  Enrique Iglesias - Hero (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koJlIGDImiU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

69.  Evanescence - Bring Me To Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YxaaGgTQYM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

70.  Evanescence - Going Under (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdhqVtpR2ts&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

71.  Evanescence - My Immortal (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5anLPw0Efmo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

72.  Eve - Let Me Blow Ya Mind (Official Music Video) ft. Gwen Stefani.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt88GMJmVk0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

73.  Everlast - What It's Like (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMYz5SteBBY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

74.  Fabolous ft. Tamia ?- So Into You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WY85QiFbfdY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

75.  Faint [Official Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LYU-8IFcDPw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

76.  Fat Joe - What's Luv ft. Ashanti (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpvyG2NrS1Y&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

77.  Fugees - Killing Me Softly With His Song (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKOtzIo-uYw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

78.  Goo Goo Dolls - Iris [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdYWuo9OFAw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

79.  Gorillaz - Clint Eastwood (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1V_xRb0x9aw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

80.  In The End [Official HD Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVTXPUF4Oz4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

81.  Ja Rule - Mesmerize ft. Ashanti (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcP96KbFIIU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

82.  Jennifer Lopez - All I Have (Official Video) ft. LL Cool J.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yeSJ2YdhG5k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

83.  Joe - I Wanna Know (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJ8VjyPw0qY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

84.  Justin Timberlake - Cry Me A River (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DksSPZTZES0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

85.  Juvenile - Back That Thang Up ft. Mannie Fresh, Lil Wayne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpQrAbkM3dI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

86.  K-Ci & JoJo - All My Life (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXvMT_mVbqw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

87.  Kid Rock - Picture feat. Sheryl Crow [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKFx0MMqb48&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

88.  KYLE - Love Me Like You Say You Love Me [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSghtE_7SsU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

89.  Lenny Kravitz - Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eW2qlKa6oHw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

90.  Lil Jon & The East Side Boyz - Get Low (feat. Ying Yang Twins) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYH7_GzP4Tg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

91.  Limp Bizkit - Rollin' (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYnFIRc0k6E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

92.  Lou Bega - Mambo No. 5 (A Little Bit of...) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EK_LN3XEcnw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

93.  Mariah Carey - Always Be My Baby (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfRNRymrv9k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

94.  Mark Morrison - Return of the Mack (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uB1D9wWxd2w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

95.  Maroon 5 - She Will Be Loved (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIjVuRTm-dc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

96.  Maroon 5 - This Love (Closed Captioned).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPpTgCho5ZA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

97.  Mary J. Blige - Family Affair (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znlFu_lemsU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

98.  Modjo - Lady (Hear Me Tonight) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMfxI3r_LyA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

99.  Nelly - Dilemma (Official Music Video) ft. Kelly Rowland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WYHDfJDPDc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

100.  Nickelback - How You Remind Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cQh1ccqu8M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

101.  Notorious Thugs (feat. Bone Thugs-n-Harmony) (2007 Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O--EK93lgPc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

102.  NSYNC - Bye Bye Bye (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo-KmOd3i7s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

103.  NSYNC - This I Promise You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6thmPrTxBtI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

104.  Numb [Official Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXYiU_JCYtU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

105.  Outkast - Ms. Jackson (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYxAiK6VnXw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

106.  Papa Roach - Last Resort (Squeaky-clean Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0lSpNtjPM8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

107.  Papercut [Official HD Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjVkXlxsO8Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

108.  Puff Daddy [feat. Faith Evans & 112] - I'll Be Missing You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKMtZm2YuBE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

109.  R. Kelly - Step In The Name Of Love (The Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nj71KbE6ekg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

110.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Californication [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlUKcNNmywk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

111.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Can't Stop [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DyziWtkfBw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

112.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Otherside [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn_YodiJO6k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

113.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Scar Tissue [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzJj5-lubeM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

114.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Snow (Hey Oh) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuFI5KSPAt4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

115.  Ricky Martin - Livin' La Vida Loca.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p47fEXGabaY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

116.  Santana - Maria Maria ft. The Product G&B (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPLV7lGbmT4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

117.  Santana - Smooth ft. Rob Thomas (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Whgn_iE5uc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

118.  Savage Garden - I Knew I Loved You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjnmICxvoVY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

119.  Savage Garden - Truly Madly Deeply.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQnAxOQxQIU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

120.  Sean Paul - Get BusyLike Glue (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPQ3o14ksaM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

121.  Shaggy - Angel ft. Rayvon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWJrPzAUzAs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

122.  Shakira - Whenever, Wherever (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weRHyjj34ZE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

123.  Shania Twain - Man! I Feel Like A Woman (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJL4UGSbeFg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

124.  Shania Twain - Youre Still The One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNZH-emehxA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

125.  Smash Mouth - All Star.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_jWHffIx5E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

126.  Someone Like You  Sugarhill Gang, Furious5, Mele Mel, Scorpio ft. Barshon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdaT4OcC5_0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

127.  Somewhere I Belong [Official Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsCD5XCu6CM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

128.  Staind - It's Been Awhile (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=araU0fZj6oQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

129.  Sting - Desert Rose (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3lWwBslWqg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

130.  System Of A Down - Aerials (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-iepu3EtyE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

131.  System Of A Down - Chop Suey! (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSvFpBOe8eY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

132.  System Of A Down - Toxicity (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iywaBOMvYLI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

133.  t.A.T.u. - All The Things She Said (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mGBaXPlri8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

134.  The Black Eyed Peas - Shut Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRzMtlZjXpU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

135.  The Black Eyed Peas - Where Is The Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpYeekQkAdc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

136.  The Calling - Wherever You Will Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAP9AF6DCu4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

137.  The Killers - Mr. Brightside (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGdGFtwCNBE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

138.  The Offspring - The Kids Aren't Alright (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iNbnineUCI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

139.  The Verve - Bitter Sweet Symphony (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lyu1KKwC74&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

140.  The Wallflowers - One Headlight (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zzyfcys1aLM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

141.  The White Stripes - Seven Nation Army (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J2QdDbelmY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

142.  Three Days Grace - I Hate Everything About You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8ekz_CSBVg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

143.  Titanic - My Heart Will Go On (Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gK_2XdjOdY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

144.  TLC - No Scrubs (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrLequ6dUdM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

145.  Train - Drops of Jupiter (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xf-Lesrkuc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

146.  Vanessa Carlton - A Thousand Miles (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cwkej79U3ek&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

147.  Vengaboys - We like to Party! (The Vengabus).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Zbi0XmGtMw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

148.  VITAS FT. NAPPY ROOTS - Roll With the Beat (Official Music Video) 432hz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uib7u_O9dfI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

149.  Westlife - If I Let You Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NrQei36fJk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl

150.  Without You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VY8ZxcDh1s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBY9HuzOCx69yJaX5494Isl
Late 90s Early 2000s Hits Playlist - Best Songs of Late 90s Early 2000s