
1.  Abba - Knowing Me, Knowing You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUrzicaiRLU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

2.  Abba - SOS (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvChjHcABPA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

3.  Albert Hammond - It Never Rains In Southern California (1973) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gmq4WIjQxp0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

4.  Ambrosia - How Much I Feel (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQB5qpxcixc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

5.  American Pie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iX_TFkut1PM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

6.  Barry Manilow - Mandy • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XeSQVWleqY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

7.  Billy Joel - Piano Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxEPV4kolz0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

8.  Billy Joel - Vienna (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wccRif2DaGs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

9.  BLACK SABBATH - Paranoid (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qanF-91aJo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

10.  Blondie - Heart Of Glass (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGU_4-5RaxU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

11.  Bob Dylan - Knockin' On Heaven's Door (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rm9coqlk8fY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

12.  Carpenters - Rainy Days And Mondays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjFoQxjgbrs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

13.  Cerrone - Supernature (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgGK4qBTwpw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

14.  Deep Purple - Smoke On The Water 1972 (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikGyZh0VbPQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

15.  Don McLean - Vincent ( Starry, Starry Night) With Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxHnRfhDmrk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

16.  Don't let the sun go down on me-Elton John (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FI5xme5k5AQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

17.  DRAMATICS   IN THE RAIN.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ux8gZuvTVR8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

18.  Earth, Wind & Fire - After The Love Has Gone (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUCLNPOjPZw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

19.  Easy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCsZ3_db_Fk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

20.  Elton John - Daniel 1973.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0f0TMfQNRk8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

21.  Elton John - Rocket Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtVBCG6ThDk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

22.  Eric Carmen - All by Myself (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iN9CjAfo5n0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

23.  Eruption - One Way Ticket 1978 (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4y_acTR0MY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

24.  Everything I Own - Bread.wmv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2i43aAn2rq8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

25.  Fire and Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8u8tASPtwg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

26.  Fleetwood Mac - Dreams (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3ywicffOj4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

27.  Freddy Fender - Wasted Days & Wasted Nights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUVgkXVDkBA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

28.  Gilbert O'Sullivan - Alone Again (original version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_P-v1BVQn8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

29.  Gordon Lightfoot - Wreck Of The Edmund Fitzgerald (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuzTkGyxkYI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

30.  Harry Chapin - Cats in the Cradle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etundhQa724&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

31.  I Don't Want to Talk About It (2008 Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysQwI-hFLgI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

32.  If You Could Read My Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fT_J-LNqVvw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

33.  Just When I Needed You Most.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoMn41bFqVA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

34.  Lobo - I'd Love You To Want Me (1972 - HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbP6RPdg7qU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

35.  Nazareth - Love Hurts 1975 (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_1LP3Z6pW4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

36.  Neither One Of Us Gladys Knight and the Pips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_Lh4MFiw08&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

37.  New Kid in Town (2013 Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Pa5nqYXEnY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

38.  Paul Simon - 50 Ways to Leave Your Lover (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABXtWqmArUU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

39.  Player - Baby Come Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn-enjcgV1o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

40.  Queen - Love Of My Life (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUJkCXE4sAA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

41.  ROBERTA FLACK    KILLING ME SOFTLY    LEGENDADO EM PORTUGUÊS BR.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dx1XtKbEtfE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

42.  Styx - Babe 1980.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uBi61pgDUP8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

43.  The Carpenters - Yesterday Once More (INCLUDES LYRICS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTaWayUE5XA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

44.  The Manhattans - Kiss and Say Goodbye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtjro7_R3-4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

45.  The Marshall Tucker Band - Can't You See (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-48Za7VZR_c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

46.  The Rolling Stones - Angie - OFFICIAL PROMO (Version 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcZn2-bGXqQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

47.  TORN BETWEEN TWO LOVERS by MARY MACGREGOR WITH LYRICS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzGbvTl4mpg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

48.  Two Out of Three Ain't Bad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVvXWUAKtus&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

49.  Wild Horses (2009 Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPfG2aU1MpI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s

50.  Wish You Were Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjpF8ukSrvk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlABaVFr2PAL8ID9_rxfzv3s
Best 70s Sad Songs Playlist - 1970s Music to Listen to When You Are Depressed