
(I Got Spurs That) Jingle Jangle Jingle (1942) - The Merry Macs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sCHMVyISQg&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Ain't That A Kick In the Head- Dean Martin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaj6YGOLskQ&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Andrew sisters with Danny Kaye - Civilization (the good version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCY09s-c41A&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Andrew Sisters-In The Mood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMyZf3F9o8Y&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Andrews Sisters & Danny Kaye - Civilization (Bongo Bongo Bongo) 1948
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEyDNTLlRgU&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Artie Shaw - The Japanese Sandman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiho-Bx7AbE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Battle of New Orleans, In 1814
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50_iRIcxsz0&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Beautiful Dreamer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtgklHQ52WE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Betty Hutton - He's A Demon, He's A Devil, He's A Doll (1950)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6LlW902JRk&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Betty Hutton - It's A Man (1951)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydLHY0qonl4&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Betty Hutton -- Murder, He Says
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClGNm89GZBE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Billie Holiday - Easy Living
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RX7TA3ezjHc&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Billie Holiday - i´ll be seeing you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDlKb2cBAqU&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Bing Crosby & Andrews Sisters Vic Shoen - Hot Time In The Town Of Berlin WWII 1943
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrVaObffYNw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Bing Crosby And The Andrew Sisters Vict'ry Polka (1878076)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZ541j5305A&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Bing Crosby And The Andrew Sisters Vict'ry Polka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZ541j5305A&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Bing Crosby And The Andrew Sisters, Pistol Packin' Mama
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjgqQcKE3DY&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Bing Crosby I've Got A Pocketful Of Dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTFWa92a8GE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Bing Crosby & The Andrews Sisters - Pistol Packin' Mama 1943
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b39ALX4neIk&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Bing Sings I Haven't Time to Be a Millionaire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqzBUaonyZw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Bing Sings I'm an Old Cowhand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo-pApe1Kd0&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Bob Crosby and the Bobcats - Dear Hearts And Gentle People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXNOz-HkoOM&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Carolina in the Morning (Al Jolson, 1947)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EoJJcixSfjo&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Casablanca - As Time Goes By - Original Song by Sam (Dooley Wilson)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d22CiKMPpaY&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Charles Trenet - BOUM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLBFeoikELo&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Count Basie - April in Paris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sU1yg6_l0_4&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Dean Martin & The Andrews Sisters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmY_CAydApw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Dean Martin - Let it Snow!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mN7LW0Y00kE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

DEAN MARTIN - RETURN TO ME
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_NQHqzcIfM&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Dean Martin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhqxFyDlYFc&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Dinah Shore Buttons Bows Dinah Shore Buttons Bows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZsA7HQXXBE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Don Gibson - Blue Blue Day (1958)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT3G3juIzj4&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Doris Day - Dream A Little Dream of Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7j8wa9sWOE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Duke Ellington - It don't mean a thing (1943) (1841928)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDQpZT3GhDg&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Duke Ellington - It don't mean a thing (1943)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qDQpZT3GhDg&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Evelyn Knight - A Little Bird Told Me 1949
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiKrclcBPXY&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Fallout 3 Soundtrack - Dear Hearts and Gentle People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yh9RywD_Fw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Fallout 3 Soundtrack - Fox Boggie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EWtH-ii61w&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Fallout New Vegas Radio - American Swing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58MZ8ECtPTw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Fats Waller - By the Light of the Silvery Moon, 1942
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8sGdqCSg30&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Frank Sinatra - Come Fly With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HmQq6yLe2ww&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Frank Sinatra - Fly Me to the Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8APTpzqWyRk&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Frank Sinatra - My Funny Valentine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Are-c0BLyIg&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Frank Sinatra - Pennies From Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa-YV_ZjEzY&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Frank Sinatra - Somewhere Beyond The Sea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oH6mw2Rc3DQ&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Frank Sinatra - The Way You Look Tonight (1483923)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9ZGKALMMuc&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Frank Sinatra - The Way You Look Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9ZGKALMMuc&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Hank Williams Sr.. Ramblin' Man - 1951.wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V41gDDWEPso&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

HD Dinah Shore & Bing Crosby Medley 1963 Dinah Shore Chevy Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHlxEgoK_04&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Heart And Soul - Hoagy Carmichael - 'Big' Theme Tune
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8CSjDC18b0&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Homer & Jethro - She Made Toothpicks Of The Timber Of My Heart (RCA 48-0170) [1949]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1ssQ1WFFO4&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

I Don't Want To Set The World On Fire-The Ink Spots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6l6vqPUM_FE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Jim Breedlove - My Guardian Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4TRUcxo94Y&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Jimmy Durante - As Time Goes By (1200171)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-GOgLS0DIU&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Jimmy Durante - As Time Goes By
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-GOgLS0DIU&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Kay Kyser - Jingle Jangle Jingle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lq7wO1qtQuM&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

L.A. Noire K.T.I. Radio - A Little Bird Told Me  - Evelyn Knight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4jGSwuGv3U&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

La Mer (Beyond The Sea) - Bing Crosby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJ0mo9wFU-Y&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Louis Prima - Pennies from the Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pELxwTp7gk&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Louis Prima - WHEN YOU'RE SMILING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXYRkp2HZto&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Mafia 2 Radio Soundtrack - Bing Crosby - By the light of the silvery moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQ1V2fknJgo&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Mafia 2 Radio Soundtrack - Bing Crosby - The pessimistic character
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyDij3xAzTY&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Mafia 2 Radio Soundtrack - Johnny Dodds - Come on and stomp stomp stomp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpeRqgTi6-c&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Maurice Williams & the Zodiacs - Stay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1Z_hskvz1M&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Merle Travis   Smoke Smoke Smoke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hS2ShTD3_8E&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Move it on Over - Hank Williams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Lza3NVH6Ig&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Murder, He Says - Dinah Shore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gt3ioZazTMM&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Only Forever - Bing Crosby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNCt6hkCUic&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Peggy Lee-It's A Good Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=If82O1e0bow&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

PERSONALITY ~ Johnny Mercer & The Pied Pipers (1945)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMTPsumjfTA&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Run Rabbit Run - Flanagan & Allen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVdoZNxtL8k&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Sam Butera & The Witnesses - Let The Good Times Roll (Mafia II soundtrack) (1633348)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB_OdxptWxE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Sam Butera & The Witnesses - Let The Good Times Roll (Mafia II soundtrack)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB_OdxptWxE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Something's Gotta Give - Bing Crosby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShBKQD7tgVE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Soundies - Sweet Sue (Just You)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVym96GyuEE&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Strip Polka - The Andrews Sisters wLyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OyILRoOhvyQ&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Swing Doors - Allan Gray (1735446)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeD8USz_jVg&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Swing Doors - Allan Gray
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rbuur-pA4xM&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Tex Williams - Smoke! Smoke! Smoke! (That Cigarette) 1947
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65_-vNtWLLs&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

The Andrews Sisters - Rum And Coca-Cola 1944 (1225993)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiayZdPESno&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

The Andrews Sisters - Rum And Coca-Cola 1944
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiayZdPESno&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

The Ink Spots - Maybe (1608164)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1E5vvulNS6A&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

The Ink Spots - Maybe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1j1_baQwH8&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

The Java Jive (Ink Spots, 1940) (1678598)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP6IUqrFHjw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

The Java Jive (Ink Spots, 1940)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP6IUqrFHjw&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

The Lonesome Road - The Andrews Sisters 1939
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wz8ZKyVPCRc&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

There`ll Always Be An England - Alfred Piccaver (1024992)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-7o4xEQCWs&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

There`ll Always Be An England - Alfred Piccaver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-7o4xEQCWs&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Tom Lehrer - We Will All Go Together When We Go - with intro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIoBrob3bjI&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Vera Lynn - We'll Meet Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsM_VmN6ytk&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Was Leaky-Eye-Luca a Stand User
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lENjhniG6o8&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

We'll Meet Again - Vera Lynn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHcunREYzNY&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN

Who's Yehoodi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BU9u9Jb36AU&list=PLZdnUZOCthL-2YvnAnmgkHjLVEji_h4JN
Music from the 40s and early 50s