
1.  Ben E. King - Stand by me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vbg7YoXiKn0&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

2.  Bobby Darin - Beyond the sea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8OlDPqYBLw&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

3.  Bobby Darin - Dream Lover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVHAQX5sSaU&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

4.  Dean Martin-Everybody Loves Somebody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXJL7tlECg0&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

5.  Ella Fitzgerald & Louis Armstrong Dream A Little Dream Of Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6TmogXhOZ8&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

6.  Elvis Presley - Are You Lonesome Tonight wlyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cS5aCozhcA&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

7.  Elvis Presley - Love Me Tender (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Y-bd3aDMGA&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

8.  Etta James - At Last - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-cbOl96RFM&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

9.  Fever - Peggy Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGb5IweiYG8&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

10.  Frank Sinatra -  Angel Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihZHR63UmNI&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

11.  Frank Sinatra - The Tender Trap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpcDa2SillE&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

12.  Frank Sinatra - The Way You Look Tonight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9ZGKALMMuc&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

13.  Frank Sinatra All of Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gfhQ91rwZ8&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

14.  JAMES BROWN   Prisoner of Love   AUG '63.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoHYEc0R2qM&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

15.  James Brown-Please, Please, Please.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMqAfg8pRRg&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

16.  La Vie En Rose - Dean Martin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMNi88ALyas&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

17.  Little Anthony & The Imperials - Tears On My Pillow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we2kmO24rgE&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

18.  Louis Armstrong - What A Wonderful World (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3yCcXgbKrE&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

19.  Nat King Cole - When I Fall In Love (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y39N72hN7iQ&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

20.  Nina Simone - I put a spell on you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ua2k52n_Bvw&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

21.  Oh! Carol - Neil Sedaka.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHm7PnCCd4E&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

22.  Otis Redding - I've Been Loving You Too Long.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZ6OrrkeVFo&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

23.  PAUL ANKA -  DIANA HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar-zZ21iW9w&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

24.  Peggy Lee - Why don't you do right.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sE73giFnLBs&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

25.  Ray Charles   I Can't Stop Loving You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_7iRVtxui8&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

26.  Ray Charles - Georgia On My Mind (The Orginal Song From The Albom).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRgWBN8yt_E&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

27.  Righteous Brothers - Unchained Melody (subtitle in englishsubtitulado español) (Live 1965).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrK5u5W8afc&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

28.  The Platters - Only You - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5p2k55F-uag&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU

29.  The Platters - Smoke Get In Your Eyes - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfBboBz3yoc&list=PLkvgx8sZL66eRCPg5HyaUdT4lsb2ndjmU
Best of LOVE songs 40's 50's 60's 70's