
14th ball python clutch of 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_q9Qy6BSeQ

15th Ball Python Clutch 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5F3MdMPYjQ

2016 Customer Appreciation Day Announcement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpltTx3TJLo

2016 Customer Appreciation Day at Pisces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7dCy58sd-U

2018 BOXING WEEK BONANZA!  Pisces Pet Emporium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFjySOghcnI

2nd ball python Clutch of 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcN8_lkQJ18

3 Steps for Perfect Aquarium Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PXBiotM7DsY

3rd ball python cluch of 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t--22Rwc5Ms

4th Ball Python Clutch of 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIZsjcRreZs

5th ball python cluch of 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7l9LNvB5gE

7th ball python cluch of 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DYn923n8oMo

9 Year Old Pet Sulcata Tortoise!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0PT8-JVfAw

ADA Aquariums Of Pisce Pet Emporium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_0-cJtMP58

ADA Vuppa 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ba62LDrK8h8

Advanced Hedgehog Questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiZAanwbQig

ALGAE OVERGROWTH IN AQUARIUM!  Norm Q&A Episode 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbWZRo86nvE

All About BUNNIES!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=321CH1JQ-Y0

Anole Basic Set-up & Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqndVdOZ4Bo

AQUARIUM BASICS Installing a Power Filter!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AanvtND8cIk

Aquascaping with Kyle Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DynPvmyoSlg

Aquascaping with Kyle Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRbtt7hp7-M

Aquascaping With Norm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7Yki0yPcoE

Aquascaping with Plant Glue!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MXQRdTX2qk

Aquatic Life RO & RODI Buddie Spotlight!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kz3U-68oUMQ

Ashley's 120 Gallon Display Tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVVMQYRKazQ

Ashley's 26 Gallon Display Tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qs0PMI9byZE

Ashley's 55 Gallon Display Tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaa_pNMXFTc

Ashley's 9 Gallon Display Tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctJu6sarof0

Austin's 45 Gallon Display Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOEdYfSFm7E

Ball Python Clutches 9 - 10 - 11
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH8GamFlky0

Basic Aquarium Set Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdsUAV8_F70

Basic Ball Python Set Up & Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnG_g0QZBEA

Basic Bearded Dragon Set Up & Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rUgd4gYf_w

Basic Budgie Set-up & Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TYh9BdQHO9w

Basic Care for a Hermann's Tortoise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSbOQI9abKw

BASIC CAVE GECKO SET-UP  Pisces Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rc75bi039HU

Basic Leopard Gecko Setup & Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydw6tm-bC8A

Basic Sensitive Plant Care (mimosa pudica)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9GsTHIIp3A

Basic Tree Frog Setup & Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSydXNfghHo

Beautiful Dart Frog Terrarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BL0U4LTy4MY

Blue Diamond x Red Marlboro Discus Fry December 7th 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tf8vehbeVQU

Blue Diamond x Red Marlboro Discus Fry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cQAHpdMP5E

BlueFang Bark Control Collar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y8mXzImywM

Chinchilla Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwFMUd-xrR4

Chris' 20 Gallon Display Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjIQupeipl0

Chris' 30 Gallon Display tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgsuezdVNqc

Chris' 40 Gallon Display Tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eikKzX80-fs

Cleaning Your Canister Filter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISMyQeWqF58

CO2, and why we use it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojPm0BIIwzg

Companion Parrots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiHaQcHdXXE

Complete Guide to the Seneye Reef Monitor  REEF AQUARIUM PARAMETERS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcrLDK_cYWQ

Cool Clownfish Species! (Lightning Maroon & Gold Nugget)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zOfkIXcKEM

Coral Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVTnXT9YWPk

Creating a Perfect Crab Habitat!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmyZP0p5R0w

Creating a Planted Aquarium - A Timelapse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RxKKuWA348

Creating a Rainforest Terrarium in Timelapse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rV6Earn_klw

Customer Appreciation Day 2018!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOqZUXx-C5o

Customer Appreciation Day Pisces Raffle Winners!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IalouFk6_dE

Dancing Bird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-MLmcogSdTY

DART (PAINTED) FROG CARE GUIDE  Pisces Pet Emporium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIlKJOnsL_I

Detrick's 155 Gallon Display Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwKLZvTkge4

Diamondback Terrapin Set-Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LE8LFsha6tM

Discus Fry Underwater Cam Dec 20th 2012.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRysMvKV0Uc

Display tanks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEk777kJZ-0

Dog apparel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8OZ02oDUMo

Don't Miss Boxing Week 2017!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0w0RNCIJRw

Exo Terra Invertabrate Habitat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAypXXvSdDk

Exo-Terra Dart Frog Terrarium Overview!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLstzq2tS1k

FEEDING A BABY CHAMELEON! (Slow-motion!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQ1TEkUeA3M

Feeding Exotic Animals!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33psDJlZTHE

Finches and Canaries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVv_4iiq32U

fluval chi Pisces
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0urdmvI7fA

Fluval LED Lights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIBgw-1JPmk

Fossorial Arachnids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkKLB9ZG5DE

Getting Your First Hedgehog!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9ShaSXBhhE

GoPro Tortoise Cam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v76Vy0GnH7o

Green Killing Machine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mf060ysOENk

Hamsters Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zih0CBHH5nU

Hedgehog Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChU8n1a6s28

How To Build A Natural Terrarium  DIY TUTORIAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXTX2qrYJ2o

How To Build Your Own Naturalistic Water Feature Terrarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYS5wIBApu4

How to Care for the Venus Fly Trap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFg13K0HHNQ

How to clean & maintain your Hang-on filters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FspRLRbvRE

How to Feed Your Crested Gecko  PISCES PET EMPORIUM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhnkCGPFVRg

How To Retaining Terrarium Humidity!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lj-X9bMx10k

How to Set-up a Starter Turtle Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkYyCwOjEiU

Improving Your Filtration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wu4Szcvievo

Introducing Our New Line of Fish Food!  PETER'S FISH FOOD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GN5bGLztAVs

Iongen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mL9QVunM8xE

Jackson Chameleon Basic Set up & Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3z8MNcRKAiA

Katrinas Pick! Winter Products and Safety
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXEgOBpy1e0

Koi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IENOHFivJXg

Lion Dance 2013
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcTi46vGHmc

lion dance 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lzv4a0Rxog

Lion Dance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2U6uprN76Rk

live food 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBylaF8YWnQ

Magic Stain Remover!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArNHN7EmmdI

Magic Tank Cleaner!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeWqYGqXFOc

Marine Maintenance Pt.1 - The Deep Clean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Iz-Q223nGs

Marine Maintenance Pt.2 - Apex, TipsMishaps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kb_GPbovI5U

Marine Maintenance Pt.3 - Coral banks, Predator tanks, Par Meter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZZqcRfJMsM

Most Dangerous Reptile We Sell  Q&A With Brad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSYQTA84MOA

Nick's Bird Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLZ86XMP8FM

Norms ADA Tank Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTuLlf2uG0w

North America's Largest Pet Store!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c9fpzX7igo

Oral Health for Cats and Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0j51ZItc01A

Pacman Frog Terrarium Setup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GooAvS5luM

Par!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KnO2uosdE4

Perfect Ball Python Enclosure!  PISCES PETS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JG-GhyD1bUE

PET QUESTIONS WITH KELSEY  Pisces Q&A Episode 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KXC9XYjTWM

Pisces & ARF remote Adoption Centre For Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tC0_lc1bds

Pisces 2014 Plant Shipments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4L-cSrDImzQ

Pisces 2018 Lion Dance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhyqNPRe5kQ

Pisces ADA room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwzA2PoIcDw

Pisces Aquatic plant seminar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKgt8MGLpCM

Pisces Easy Co2 Solotion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lLyRJwJOpM

Pisces Fall Shut Down Seminar For Ponds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20VyP1Yvdrk

Pisces Fluval 07 Release Party!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uot2Gd07L8U

Pisces How To Adopting a Cat!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BD9itpfUljY

Pisces How To Introducing Marine Life to Your Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=372DfRoaJcs

Pisces How-to Assembling a CO2 System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUI55yYFBd4

Pisces How-To CO2 Drop Checker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZurNYK0i3AQ

Pisces How-To Planting Frog Moss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho0IFMRjiPY

Pisces How-To Proper Siphoning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3MqQUgdQU4

Pisces How-to Sponge Filter Setup!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sOC4pdvseY

Pisces Invertebrate Showcase!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pbzQs8aErI

Pisces Live Marine Foods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo_XtiP3eOc

Pisces Pet & Animal Showcase!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xof6XlPWKOw

Pisces Pet Emporium Discus fry Dec 10th 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S786qq18L5g

Pisces Pet Emporium Discus Fry Dec 14th 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwjZ_xn4VpQ

Pisces Pet Emporium Fluval Spec
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lNTbFdiaW8

Pisces Pet Emporium Presents Fluval Flora
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qHb7oWIy30

Pisces Pet Emporium Presents Monsoon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDolM0dlwb0

Pisces Pet Emporium Presents New arrival
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66AHlQ1vBao

Pisces Pet Emporium, Nano Marine Tank Set Up Seminar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvCPgLEPiBA

Pisces Pet Emporiums Theme Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HmpctSTcsw

Pisces Products - Exo Terra Cricket Pen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDP1CkKaOZc

Pisces Products Exo Terra Scorpion Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0VeQLP5wXY

Pisces Products Rollin' the Hay!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WA_fPgp-dTc

Pisces Products Zoo-Med Flower Topper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQQUMWYGV4g

Pisces Pup Pack!  DENTAL AWARENESS MONTH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-U9B0bWTpM

Pisces' visit to Seachem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzFBJ1XA5ts

Pond plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5hyEr0Qh_k

Pondovac Set-Up & Use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DgW2SNbKk2s

Product View Zoo Med Terra Effects Nano LED Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GFfVaI6pV4c

Quick Care Thai Bamboo Rat Snake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSrpO28oRQ8

Quick Tips Pond leaks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00TpiZbVWRM

Rabbit Nutrition With Kelsey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hMBIH3s5po

Red Knee Tarantula Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3rLMtB6gWM

Red-Eyed Crocodile Skink  BASIC CARE & SET UP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GmgBGvRSW0

RoboSnail Demonstration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-UvL_43lEE

SAFELY Disinfecting Your Aquarium Plants!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBJWXZvkzRI

SANDFISH SKINK  Basic Setup & Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOefjlWbJAI

Sea Horse Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Cqd36BiGNE

Seneye Products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6ZWFniq5A8

Setting Up a Basic Freshwater Aquarium A How-To Guide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzBNXPyXrZs

Silent Spinning Hamster Wheel Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2ryyCap29w

Solution to Low Humidity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_GWptvQjp4

Species Spotlight Pearly Calvus (Altolamprologus Calvus)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jek7vxjV1BQ

Tarantula Care with Brad Pink toe Tarantula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2MoyZ3lA4w

Tegu Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wI52WO2_8mc

Terrarium Thermostat Basics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YQKKQX-JH4

Testing Alkalinity in your Reef Aquarium with Hanna dKH Checker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4181zjnPDCM

The Tank Handover Farewell Wayne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gNV8L7uko4

The ULTIMATE Paludarium Build Tutorial  DAY 1 Cleaning, Placing & Sprayfoaming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TI37bvyG88E

The ULTIMATE Paludarium Build Tutorial  DAY 2 Carving & Creating a Natural Backdrop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UA45tYCgoMw

The ULTIMATE Paludarium Build Tutorial  DAY 3 Decorating & Finishing Touches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JzwtlmDWTg

This Device Can Save Your Marine Tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6FubcxXmh8

Todd & Cortez Pick a Raffle Winner!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi-dvJhPM2U

Tori's Collars & Leashes!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuknf5LM4ZE

Veiled Chameleon  Setup & Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnwTMO6rVk8

Vip program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rqu41F8egDM

VIV Shrimp Cave
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASpEVF2bArM

Waynes Weekly Maintenance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-4sggSlJ_w

Ways To Keep Your Dog Entertained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_FVBi7jdLw

Welcome To Pisces Pet Emporium's YouTube Page
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91q0_gR_cHg

What is a Planaria Trap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fL35MC5BX9E

What UVB Bulb Should I Use! REPTILE BASICS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aA5_6EoCkYQ

YOU CAN NOW SHOP ONLINE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hL86yqhAr8I

Your First Hamster Set Up & Care!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpGM-l_93nU

Your First Reptile Choosing a Substrate!  PISCES PETS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JsUxryuxjo

Zilla Micro Habitat  PRODUCT REVIEW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFAVixmqPTo

Zoo Med Reptisun LED + UVB Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaGDh1EzMXA
Pisces Pets - Videos