
Modern English - Swans On Glass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5XEVc_6eVM&pp=sAQA

Robert Smith - Believe Mixed-up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6_wIJbj77M&pp=sAQA

Robert Smith - Truth Is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gHf-Pv5VJk&pp=sAQA

The Cure (COGASM) - A Sign From God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uyFk3n5ZXk&pp=sAQA

The cure (Remydeck ) - Eyes like star
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLoIBKWLzH8&pp=sAQA

The Cure - 10.15 Saturday Night Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUnBSESX9F8&pp=sAQA

The Cure - 10.15 Saturday Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NERzLlHo-D0&pp=sAQA

The Cure - A night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPim5ZLdDwk&pp=sAQA

The Cure - A Normal Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ce4IkL2001U&pp=sAQA

The Cure - All cats are grey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XU9nDH0QS9A&pp=sAQA

The Cure - All I Had To Do Is Kill Her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bXwzspx_80&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Another day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTitV5YPVVU&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Ching Chang Chong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yX-cfEQ80S0&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Close to me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79Oirr6Y0KA&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Cold Colours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdaEb2U8sTc&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Faith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zB5MYH5H9mg&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Fire In Cairo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8ii4XC6TNA&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Funeral Party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbmHwN6Jil0&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Icing Sugar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2QZcYZND1g&pp=sAQA

The Cure - In Your House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYcWwGCtxrg&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Just One Kiss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2pXBemJnD0&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Lament
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvkSwtFMM44&pp=sAQA

The Cure - M
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wViAHz1qAas&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Mix Grey Stone Remydeck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4elaaH2vdw&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Mr. Pink Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HlzwtKjH_A&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Perfect Blue Sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3YGkZM0Ll4&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Pictures of you Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xgp60npk5EI&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Pirate Ships
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcehyufvvWk&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Plainsong Dodgers stadium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLchfbVpQ4k&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Secrets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWggtr-OJ6g&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Signal To Noise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_PBClCp9Dw&pp=sAQA

The Cure - The Drowning Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJmE0C4Tq1U&pp=sAQA

The Cure - The Empty World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWvglXlnOso&pp=sAQA

The Cure - The Exploding Boy VIDEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yE3dL_8Vnk&pp=sAQA

The Cure - The Holy Hour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dym3R_rZFGs&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Torture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVaqGxxmxgY&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Wailing Wall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqrZ6-lFyz0&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Want
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyLeWPhfwiI&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Winter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHsm-8AB3pk&pp=sAQA

The Cure - Yesterdays gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aau1rWgFhuk&pp=sAQA

The Glove - A Blues In Drag VIDEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZalyuBNl-Xg&pp=sAQA

The Sisters Of Mercy - Train
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3Xcbgylp3w&pp=sAQA
Cure Channel