
268020.  A Dessert That Can Be Eaten For Breakfast  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRg5XCpXY8I

268022.  A Sweet Rice Tahchin  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7_9N8kjVyI

268025.  An Entire Meal Cooked in One Pan  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu8j8rsCN6U

268029.  Ash-e Reshteh, an Iconic Persian Dish  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GW2cJ1cpIVE

268034.  Beef Stroganoff  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QlzF7bbMqE

268040.  Beef Wellington  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKOVvY91fCQ

268047.  Breakfast Pasta with Farideh  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6jASC8Mb38

268055.  Breakfast Quesadillas  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LDmm0_RLYE

268064.  Buffalo Chicken Dip  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tv-uthUy9fw

268074.  Carbonara Breakfast Pizza  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11doxeoVU6k

268085.  Cheese-filled Mortadella Salami Morning Buns  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiL4v1jdczg

268097.  Cheesy Broccoli-Stuffed Chicken  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qv-JwtCdrk0

268110.  Cheesy Sausage and Pepper Stromboli  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FT4DBV2a3Jg

268124.  Cheesy Stuffed Peppers  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQ-zAu35kGk

268139.  Chicken & Dumplings A Classic Comfort Food  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNZjNGdLtyo

268155.  Chicken & Waffles  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wa5lFxqkoi4

268172.  Chicken Marsala  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a199fuC3I8w

268190.  Chicken Parm Competition - Munchies Virtual Cook Off  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePkl1ekxz2Y

268209.  Chicken Tetrazzini  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrFz5c_9Htw

268229.  Chicky Chicky Parm Parm  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D17qucV-ujc

268250.  Coconut Nutella French Toast  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJEQr1jCy9w

268272.  Crab Eggs Benedict  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fFmw6Pxn7E

268295.  Cream Of Mushroom Soup & Chicken Casserole  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja0kDfXN7Dc

268319.  Deep Dish Pizza  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aQCg8ivJ14

268344.  DIY Crunchwrap  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLG3HZ5sYQQ

268370.  Dolmeh Barg Mo - Iranian Stuffed Grape Leaves  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFQ9wi5PMQ0

268397.  Easy Baked Bacon & Eggs  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y71odeGyv8o

268425.  Farideh Makes Baklava An Iconic Middle Eastern Dessert  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABVPJU8KebM

268454.  Farideh’s Fire-Licked Beef Kababs  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvCdLLK6Lvc

268484.  Farideh’s Green Eggs and Ham  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Za8_Zlotzx8

268515.  Farideh’s Marinara-less Meatball Sub  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cow2s-4LBAY

268547.  Farideh’s Ragu Is The Ultimate Comfort Food  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HS3axMIIto4

268580.  Fish & Chips  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnzriNEhepY

268614.  French Dip Sandwiches With Homemade Mustard  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0JmlcOU4-E

268649.  Fried Cheesy Rice Balls with Farideh  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7ZT4PYWxOs

268685.  Fried Clams & Coleslaw is Farideh's Perfect Summer Food  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWf9_qsUTc8

268722.  Frito Pie  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztm0Fo5s6Fo

268760.  Giant Cookie Bowl Sundae  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rn2O-LamVXc

268799.  Homemade Boston Cream Donuts  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1iBZic7FOc

268839.  Homemade Detroit-Style Pizza  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNi0WO8ZQSs

268880.  How To Cook Duck With Crispy Skin  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gmURN5FZlk

268922.  How To Make a Juicy Lucy  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6QFFBD1nUw

268965.  How to Make The Mexican Pizza at Home Now That it's Gone  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LkaVWqGmo0

269009.  Jalapeño Popper Monkey Bread  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKR2eWeqh7s

269054.  Make Farideh’s Fried Ice Cream and Funnel Cake  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FufqmBexNQg

269100.  Make Gnocchi With Sausage & Kale  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvnPUm0KoYA

269147.  Maryland + Cream Of Crab Soup  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmxgKiOYprA

269195.  Mashed Potato Pork Pie  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASJk2Km8jcQ

269244.  Meat Pies  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyF54adTr68

269294.  Peanut Butter & Jelly Cookies  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAfmWt-fkj8

269345.  Pizza Piena - Italian Easter Pie  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfOef98nVuQ

269397.  Salmon Burgers  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raZN8OkdwW0

269450.  Seafood Chowder  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Yg_klKfz90

269504.  Spaghetti Pie  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxg4-GEHU20

269559.  Spiced Apple Pancakes  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L7m1lt11GHE

269615.  Strawberry Shortcake Cobbler  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwdcEoQFgqA

269672.  Stuffed Shells with Farideh  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rf5c-CEueZo

269730.  Summertime Manicotti without Red Sauce  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWIFoKF9r5M

269789.  Supreme Pizza Nachos with Farideh  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27CkBUpOnPI

269849.  Surf & Turf Camping With Farideh  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oOLknxc03A

269910.  Tahdig - The Cooking Show (Farideh + Her Dad).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eqBqVDpRXw

269972.  The Best Banana Cream Pie  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3w_uyvJ2Eg

270035.  The Best Breakfast Sandwich Is Actually A Meatloaf  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4e_P0ptwu_4

270099.  The Hot Dog BLT  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ysEle8b-Ag

270164.  The Trail Mix Trifle  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkOIIy1heGA

270230.  Turkey Club Sandwich & Perfect Onion Rings  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjWT7mzCOk4

270297.  Use Your Leftovers To Make This Steakhouse Hash  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAX7nHF5hb4

270365.  White Bean Breakfast Bake  The Cooking Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woVQAsEIDeA
The Cooking Show with Farideh  Season 1