
1.  2pac feat Dr.Dre - California Love HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wBTdfAkqGU&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

2.  4 Non Blondes - What's Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NXnxTNIWkc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

3.  50 Cent - Candy Shop (Official Music Video) ft. Olivia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRcnnId15BA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

4.  50 Cent - In Da Club (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qm8PH4xAss&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

5.  50 Cent - Just A Lil Bit (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GllEDACUbNo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

6.  702 - Where My Girls At (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lO5eGEnyRA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

7.  Aaliyah - Try Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QH_V09v2BTI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

8.  Akon - Don't Matter (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWA5hJl4Dv0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

9.  Akon - I Wanna Love You ft. Snoop Dogg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJzF7H2e3Tw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

10.  Akon - Right Now (Na Na Na) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIaH35-MLsk&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

11.  Akon - Smack That (Official Music Video) ft. Eminem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKDdT_nyP54&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

12.  Alicia Keys - Fallin' (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Urdlvw0SSEc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

13.  Alicia Keys - No One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rywUS-ohqeE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

14.  Alors On Danse (Ft. Kanye West & Gilbere Forte) COMPLETE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6U7rdWY06C4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

15.  Amy Grant - Baby, Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMXuuYnoRdI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

16.  Amy Winehouse - Back To Black.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJAfLE39ZZ8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

17.  Amy Winehouse - Rehab.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUmZp8pR1uc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

18.  Amy Winehouse - You Know I'm No Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-I2s5zRbHg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

19.  B.o.B - Airplanes (feat. Hayley Williams of Paramore) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kn6-c223DUU&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

20.  B.o.B - Nothin' On You (feat. Bruno Mars) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PTDv_szmL0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

21.  Babyface - Every Time I Close My Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbrSO81KhBY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

22.  Backstreet Boys - Everybody (Backstreet's Back) (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M6samPEMpM&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

23.  Beastie Boys - Body Movin' (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvRBUw_Ls2o&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

24.  Beastie Boys - Intergalactic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qORYO0atB6g&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

25.  Beyoncé - Crazy In Love ft. JAY Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViwtNLUqkMY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

26.  Black Velvet by Alannah Myles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkXNEmtf9tk&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

27.  Blackstreet - No Diggity (Official Music Video) ft. Dr. Dre, Queen Pen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KL9mRus19o&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

28.  blink-182 - What's My Age Again (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7l5ZeVVoCA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

29.  Blu Cantrell - Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMOKlXfXn50&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

30.  Bob Sinclar - Love Generation (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0NSeysrDYw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

31.  Bon Jovi - Bed Of Roses (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvR60Wg9R7Q&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

32.  Britney Spears - ...Baby One More Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-u5WLJ9Yk4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

33.  Britney Spears - 3 (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTs6oQx1WJY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

34.  Britney Spears - I'm A Slave 4 U (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mzybwwf2HoQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

35.  Britney Spears - Me Against The Music (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clwLKJ294u4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

36.  Britney Spears - My Prerogative (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIOH8Trfas4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

37.  Britney Spears - Womanizer (Director's Cut) (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMqayQ-U74s&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

38.  Bruno Mars - Gorilla (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHDtXqjgEj4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

39.  Bruno Mars - Grenade (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SR6iYWJxHqs&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

40.  Bruno Mars - It Will Rain (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-w3WfgpcGg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

41.  Bruno Mars - Just The Way You Are (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjhCEhWiKXk&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

42.  Bruno Mars - Treasure (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPvuNsRccVw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

43.  Bruno Mars - When I Was Your Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekzHIouo8Q4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

44.  Can't Nobody Hold Me Down Puff Daddy And Mase.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmHMcKN8xlI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

45.  Cassidy - Hotel (VIDEO) ft. R. Kelly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKOT6teSarY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

46.  CeCe Peniston - Finally (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk8mm1Qmt-Y&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

47.  Chris Brown - Don't Wake Me Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOowQeKyNkQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

48.  Chris Brown - With You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmjdaBaZe8Y&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

49.  Chris Daughtry - Over You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQa1y4AoHZs&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

50.  Christina Aguilera - Can't Hold Us Down (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dg8QgUIKXHw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

51.  Christina Aguilera - Come On Over (All I Want Is You).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RQDIJ2CvbA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

52.  Christina Aguilera - What A Girl Wants (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpspGHeLOPE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

53.  Christina Aguilera - Your Body (Official Music Video) (Clean Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cfCgLgiFDM&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

54.  Citizen King - Better Days (And The Bottom Drops Out) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKxXHEx-XnU&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

55.  Craig David - Walking away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJvq_SRdJYk&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

56.  Céline Dion - All By Myself (Official Remastered HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGrLb6W5YOM&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

57.  Daddy Yankee - Gasolina [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGKrc3A6HHM&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

58.  Dave Matthews Band - Stay (Wasting Time).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnXeZclbO68&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

59.  David Guetta - Turn Me On ft. Nicki Minaj (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVw7eJ0vGfM&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

60.  David Guetta - Where Them Girls At ft. Nicki Minaj, Flo Rida (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4kVWCSzfK4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

61.  David Guetta - Without You ft. Usher (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUe8uoKdHao&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

62.  Deborah Cox - Nobody's Supposed To Be Here (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H947PtHmh0Y&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

63.  Des'ree - You Gotta Be ('99 Mix) [Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pO40TcKa_5U&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

64.  Destiny's Child - Bootylicious.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyYnnUcgeMc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

65.  Destiny's Child - Jumpin’ Jumpin’ (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vjw92oUduEM&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

66.  Destiny's Child - Say My Name (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQgd6MccwZc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

67.  Destiny's Child - Survivor (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wmc8bQoL-J0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

68.  Diddy - Dirty Money - Coming Home ft. Skylar Grey (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-ImCpNqbJw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

69.  Divine - LATELY  - Original Version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uOzZRgJsX8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

70.  Divine Brown feat. Nelly Furtado - Sunglasses (New Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHCZS2qox7c&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

71.  Donna Lewis - I Love You Always Forever (Official Music Videos).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdydipoUjkw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

72.  Dr. Dre ft. Snoop Dogg - Still D.R.E. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CL6n0FJZpk&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

73.  Dr. Dre ft. Snoop Dogg, Kurupt, Nate Dogg - The Next Episode (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZXc39hT8t4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

74.  Drake, Kanye West, Lil Wayne, Eminem - Forever (Explicit Version) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDuRoPIOBjE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

75.  Eagle Eye Cherry - Save tonight lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnEdUVBjZfo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

76.  Eminem - 3 a.m. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAuo8IOFNuE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

77.  Eminem - Cleanin' Out My Closet (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQ9_TKayu9s&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

78.  Eminem - Lose Yourself (8 mile).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBCXWdL7Wb8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

79.  Eminem - My Name Is (Dirty Version) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDj8kkVwisY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

80.  Eminem - No Love (Explicit Version) ft. Lil Wayne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KV2ssT8lzj8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

81.  Eminem - Rap God (Explicit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbGs_qK2PQA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

82.  Eminem - Sing For The Moment (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4hAVemuQXY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

83.  Eminem - Without Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVkUvmDQ3HY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

84.  Eminem - You Don't Know (Official Music Video) ft. 50 Cent, Cashis, Lloyd Banks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngH0fkiNo-g&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

85.  Enrique Iglesias - Bailamos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pv0PAchVGCw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

86.  Eve - Let Me Blow Ya Mind (Official Music Video) ft. Gwen Stefani.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt88GMJmVk0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

87.  Everclear - Everything To Everyone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1vQJFF2TKQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

88.  Everclear - Father Of Mine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkcbxjWG9Mc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

89.  Everclear - I Will Buy You A New Life (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W05cPXpUHGI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

90.  Everclear - Santa Monica (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MW6E_TNgCsY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

91.  Everclear - Wonderful (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUfgAbFY4CA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

92.  Fatboy Slim - Praise You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiXg_70rMeM&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

93.  Fatboy Slim - The Rockafeller Skank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmsTwQb1csc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

94.  Fatboy Slim - Weapon Of Choice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQ7z57qrZU8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

95.  Fergie - Glamorous (Official Music Video) ft. Ludacris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0SyUgw98tE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

96.  Flo Rida - Club Can't Handle Me ft. David Guetta [Official Music Video] - Step Up 3D.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgM3r8xKfGE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

97.  Flo Rida - Good Feeling [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OnnDqH6Wj8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

98.  Flo Rida - I Cry [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLuWHr6-0YQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

99.  Flo Rida - Right Round (feat. Ke$ha) [US Version] (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcCw1ggftuQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

100.  Fly - Sugar Ray.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUtnwcv-quE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

101.  Fugees - Killing Me Softly With His Song (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKOtzIo-uYw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

102.  Gin Blossoms - Hey Jealousy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah5gAkna3jI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

103.  Ginuwine - Pony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbnoG2dsUk0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

104.  Gotye - Somebody That I Used To Know (feat. Kimbra) [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UVNT4wvIGY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

105.  Gwen Stefani - Cool (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGwZ7MNtBFU&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

106.  Gwen Stefani - The Sweet Escape (Closed Captioned) ft. Akon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0lf_fE3HwA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

107.  Hey Leonardo (She likes me for me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSdbQLXpmPQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

108.  I like the way you move~By OutKast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ei7Yn2EF2U&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

109.  J-Kwon - Tipsy (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwXeN2FsE7w&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

110.  Ja Rule ft. Charlie Baltimore - Down Ass Bitch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wa4nhWZ2cBc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

111.  Jagged Edge - Where the Party At ft. Nelly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UCY_U4QwqI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

112.  Jamiroquai - Virtual Insanity (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JkIs37a2JE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

113.  Jann Arden - I Would Die For You Album Version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeSgYR-zaxQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

114.  Jann Arden - The Sound Of Album Version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UMtoVWGS0kA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

115.  Jason Derulo - Ridin' Solo [Official HD Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ESdn0MuJWQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

116.  Jason Mraz - I'm Yours (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkHTsc9PU2A&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

117.  Jay Sean - Do You Remember ft. Sean Paul, Lil Jon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a81eP2E8MEQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

118.  Jay Sean - Down ft. Lil Wayne (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUbpGmR1-QM&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

119.  Jennifer Lopez - Ain't It Funny ft. Ja Rule, Cadillac Tah.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr-H8dR0HLo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

120.  Jennifer Lopez - Get Right (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WIsnC-h1d0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

121.  Jennifer Lopez - I'm Real (Remix) ft. Ja Rule.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sjx9oSJDAVQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

122.  Jennifer Lopez - Waiting For Tonight (Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8MnwKvvDcxQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

123.  Jermaine Dupri - Sweetheart (Official HD Video) ft. Mariah Carey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vefhY2RfM_0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

124.  Jessica Simpson - I Think I'm in Love with You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7uxf8kBBlg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

125.  Jewel - Foolish Games (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNoouLa7uxA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

126.  Jewel - You Were Meant For Me HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrK-IxLv-LU&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

127.  Joe - I Wanna Know (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJ8VjyPw0qY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

128.  Jordan Knight - Give It To You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijXcYLV1aNg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

129.  Jordin Sparks, Chris Brown - No Air (Official Video) ft. Chris Brown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBKnpyoFEBo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

130.  Justin Bieber - Baby (Official Music Video) ft. Ludacris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kffacxfA7G4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

131.  Justin Bieber - Beauty And A Beat ft. Nicki Minaj (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ys7-6_t7OEQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

132.  Justin Timberlake - Cry Me A River (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DksSPZTZES0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

133.  Justin Timberlake - LoveStonedI Think She Knows Interlude.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUuKvHHt8Sk&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

134.  Justin Timberlake - Mirrors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuZE_IRwLNI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

135.  Justin Timberlake - Rock Your Body (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSVHoHyErBQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

136.  Justin Timberlake - SexyBack (Director's Cut) ft. Timbaland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gOHvDP_vCs&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

137.  Justin Timberlake - Señorita (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJHYDkvRB2Y&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

138.  Justin Timberlake - TKO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyXtoTLLcDk&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

139.  Justin Timberlake - What Goes Around...Comes Around.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOrnUquxtwA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

140.  Juvenile - Back That Ass Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WL2txMU50CI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

141.  k.d. lang - Constant Craving (Official Music Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXqPjx94YMg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

142.  Kanye West - All Falls Down ft. Syleena Johnson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kyWDhB_QeI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

143.  Kanye West - Amazing ft. Young Jeezy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PH4JPgVD2SM&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

144.  Kanye West - Can't Tell Me Nothing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E58qLXBfLrs&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

145.  Kanye West - Gold Digger ft. Jamie Foxx.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vwNcNOTVzY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

146.  Kanye West - Love Lockdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZwMX6T5Jhk&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

147.  Kanye West - Stronger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsO6ZnUZI0g&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

148.  Kardinal Offishall - Dangerous ft. Akon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ro7yHf_pU14&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

149.  Katy Perry - I Kissed A Girl (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAp9BKosZXs&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

150.  Katy Perry - Wide Awake (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0BWlvnBmIE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

151.  Ke$ha - Blow (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFWX0hWCbng&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

152.  Ke$ha - Take It Off.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edP0L6LQzZE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

153.  Kelly Rowland ft. Lil Wayne - Motivation (Explicit) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1XozsBN5Z4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

154.  Kylie Minogue - Can't Get You Out Of My Head (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c18441Eh_WE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

155.  Lady Antebellum - Need You Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eM213aMKTHg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

156.  Lady Gaga - Alejandro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niqrrmev4mA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

157.  Lady Gaga - Just Dance ft. Colby O'Donis (Official Music Video) ft. Colby O'Donis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Abk1jAONjw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

158.  Lady Gaga - LoveGame (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mB0tP1I-14&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

159.  Lady Gaga - Poker Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bESGLojNYSo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

160.  Lenny Kravitz - Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eW2qlKa6oHw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

161.  Lenny Kravitz Are You Gonna Go My Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLhpHjmxNw8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

162.  Lil Wayne - Lollipop ft. Static (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IH8tNQAzSs&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

163.  LL Cool J - Phenomenon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQsd7y5YbZw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

164.  LMFAO ft. Lauren Bennett, GoonRock - Party Rock Anthem (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQ6zr6kCPj8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

165.  Macy Gray - I Try (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEQ0l_m3Xm0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

166.  Madonna  - Give It 2 Me feat. Pharrell (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQRLSBUNupg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

167.  Madonna - Celebration (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWTDR6ztcnQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

168.  Madonna - Hung Up (Official Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDwb9jOVRtU&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

169.  Madonna - Vogue [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuJQSAiODqI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

170.  Mandy Moore - Candy (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkVsJGl5d6E&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

171.  Mariah Carey - Always Be My Baby (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfRNRymrv9k&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

172.  Mariah Carey - Butterfly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stcdNj0SANw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

173.  Mariah Carey - Honey (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3KOowB4k_k&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

174.  Mariah Carey - Touch My Body (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9b8erWuBA44&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

175.  Mark Morrison - Return of the Mack (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uB1D9wWxd2w&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

176.  Maroon 5 - Love Somebody (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MU8B4XDI3Uw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

177.  Maroon 5 - Makes Me Wonder (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAebYQgy4n4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

178.  Maroon 5 - She Will Be Loved (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIjVuRTm-dc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

179.  Maroon 5 - Sunday Morning (Closed Captioned).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2Cti12XBw4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

180.  Maroon 5 - This Love MUSIC VIDEO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_CqMFKak1c&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

181.  Maroon 5 - Won't Go Home Without You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VlMEGBsw6j8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

182.  Mary J. Blige - Family Affair (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znlFu_lemsU&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

183.  Melissa Etheridge - I Want To Come Over.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ckt0TuK0qv0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

184.  Melissa Etheridge - I'm The Only One (Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCphbDRkZSo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

185.  Miley Cyrus - Party In The U.S.A. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M11SvDtPBhA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

186.  Natalie Imbruglia - Torn (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VV1XWJN3nJo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

187.  Ne-Yo - Miss Independent (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6M5C-oKw9k&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

188.  Ne-Yo - So Sick (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxszlJppRQI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

189.  Nelly - Dilemma (Official Music Video) ft. Kelly Rowland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WYHDfJDPDc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

190.  Nelly - Hot In Herre (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeZZr_p6vB8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

191.  Nelly Furtado - ... On The Radio (Remember The Days) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmEiadAqDZc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

192.  Nelly Furtado - I'm Like A Bird (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roPQ_M3yJTA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

193.  Nelly Furtado - Maneater (US Version) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLolag3YSYU&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

194.  Nelly Furtado - Say It Right (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JnGBs88sL0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

195.  Nelly Furtado - Turn Off The Light (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOL7aeIDruA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

196.  Next - Too Close (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwEZRPkAAu8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

197.  No Doubt - Don't Speak (Official 4K Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TR3Vdo5etCQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

198.  No Doubt - Excuse Me Mr. (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=it1aZBPuH4w&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

199.  No Doubt - Hey Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wt1YkGO2Ieo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

200.  No Doubt - Just A Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHzOOQfhPFg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

201.  No Doubt - Sunday Morning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiBX-ESFDF0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

202.  No Doubt - Underneath It All (Official Music Video) ft. Lady Saw.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvuVFHTvdaY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

203.  NSYNC - Bye Bye Bye (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo-KmOd3i7s&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

204.  NSYNC - Gone (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbRwSI8yi1o&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

205.  NSYNC - I Want You Back (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=is6gtilerPk&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

206.  NSYNC - Tearin' Up My Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZcmuKsyvzg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

207.  Oasis - Wonderwall  (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hzrDeceEKc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

208.  OneRepublic - Counting Stars (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hT_nvWreIhg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

209.  OneRepublic - Secrets (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHm9MG9xw1o&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

210.  Original Music Video  Da Dip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZPQdZLyHYE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

211.  Outkast - Roses (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWju37TZfo0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

212.  Outkast - The Way You Move (Official Video) ft. Sleepy Brown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xI5NQ-0Ubfs&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

213.  Petey Pablo - Freek-A-Leek (PAL Dirty).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M48nlk-1kH8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

214.  Pitbull - Rain Over Me ft. Marc Anthony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmM0653YvXU&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

215.  Pitbull - Timber ft. Ke$ha.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHUbLv4ThOo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

216.  R. Kelly - Ignition (Remix) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6y_4_b6RS8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

217.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Otherside [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn_YodiJO6k&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

218.  Ricky Martin - Livin' La Vida Loca.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p47fEXGabaY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

219.  Right Round Florida.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRcmTtI4gac&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

220.  Rihanna - Rehab (Official Music Video) ft. Justin Timberlake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJYcmq__nDM&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

221.  Rihanna - Rude Boy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e82VE8UtW8A&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

222.  Rihanna - S&M (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdS6HFQ_LUc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

223.  Robin Thicke - Lost Without U (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DdCoNbbRvQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

224.  Santana - Into The Night (Video) ft. Chad Kroeger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQ9nQNx0KEs&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

225.  Santana - Maria Maria ft. The Product G&B (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPLV7lGbmT4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

226.  Santana - Smooth ft. Rob Thomas (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Whgn_iE5uc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

227.  Sarah McLachlan - Building A Mystery (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QUq72fla3o&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

228.  Sarah McLachlan - Sweet Surrender (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2JWJYLNUq4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

229.  Savage Garden - I Knew I Loved You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjnmICxvoVY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

230.  Savage Garden - Truly Madly Deeply.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQnAxOQxQIU&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

231.  Sean Kingston - Beautiful Girls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrTz5xjmso4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

232.  Sean Paul - Get Busy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmxD7jDuPR0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

233.  Sean Paul - Like Glue (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zZ2bifb338&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

234.  Sean Paul - Temperature (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dW2MmuA1nI4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

235.  Sean Paul - We Be Burnin' (Recognize It) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUGFhVWPOFs&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

236.  Semisonic - Closing Time (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGytDsqkQY8&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

237.  Shaggy - Boombastic (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6W5pq4bIzIw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

238.  Shakira - Whenever, Wherever (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weRHyjj34ZE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

239.  Shawn Mullins - Lullaby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hG9C0VwruXE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

240.  Sophie B. Hawkins - Damn I Wish I Was Your Lover (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lt6r-k9Bk6o&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

241.  Soulja Boy Tell'em - Crank That (Soulja Boy) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UFIYGkROII&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

242.  Spice Girls - 2 Become 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FA5jsa1lR9c&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

243.  Spice Girls - Say You'll Be There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ro0FW9Qt-4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

244.  Spice Girls - Wannabe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJLIiF15wjQ&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

245.  Sugar Ray - When It's Over (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmLv8rfunPo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

246.  T.I. - Dead & Gone ft. Justin Timberlake [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mEx9FtuN0k&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

247.  Taio Cruz - Break Your Heart (Official Music Video) ft. Ludacris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_SI2EDM6Lo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

248.  Taylor Swift - I Knew You Were Trouble.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNoKguSdy4Y&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

249.  The Black Eyed Peas - Don't Phunk With My Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4Bda6_usuc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

250.  The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD4vsh1zDA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

251.  The Black Eyed Peas - Shut Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRzMtlZjXpU&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

252.  The Calling - Wherever You Will Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAP9AF6DCu4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

253.  The Pussycat Dolls - Beep (Official Music Video) ft. will.i.am.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1r9ghI7YcL0&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

254.  The Pussycat Dolls - I Don't Need A Man (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBsEF7Qx09o&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

255.  The Pussycat Dolls - Wait A Minute ft. Timbaland (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWyvMerss4w&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

256.  The Tony Rich Project - Nobody Knows (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7EyUY3-Wrg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

257.  Timbaland - Apologize ft. OneRepublic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSM3w1v-A_Y&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

258.  Timbaland - Carry Out ft. Justin Timberlake (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRdHsuuXxfk&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

259.  Timbaland - If We Ever Meet Again ft. Katy Perry (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDKva-s_khY&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

260.  Timbaland - Scream (Official Video) ft. Keri Hilson, Nicole Scherzinger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXskfsgBihE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

261.  Timbaland - The Way I Are ft. Keri Hilson, D.O.E., Sebastian (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5rLz5AZBIA&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

262.  Tinie Tempah - Written In The Stars ft. Eric Turner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgFyi74DVjc&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

263.  TLC - Creep (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlZydtG3xqI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

264.  TLC - No Scrubs (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrLequ6dUdM&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

265.  TLC - Red Light Special (Dirty Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dP2t9LBeAwo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

266.  TLC - Unpretty (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2gy1Evb1Kg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

267.  TLC - Waterfalls (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WEtxJ4-sh4&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

268.  Toni Braxton - Breathe Again (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRFEz2MjZgg&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

269.  Toni Braxton - Un-Break My Heart (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2Rch6WvPJE&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

270.  Toni Braxton - You Mean The World To Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JB5FxcI7Pyw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

271.  Two Princes - Spin Doctors (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6XmNoauuOo&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

272.  Uncle Kracker - Follow Me [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Gjx-ZQuQ_Y&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

273.  Usher - Burn (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5XNWFw5HVw&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

274.  Usher - Confessions, Pt. II.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Sy19X0xxrM&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

275.  Usher - OMG ft. will.i.am.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RnPB76mjxI&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

276.  Whitney Houston - Heartbreak Hotel (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEmdW3_bi4c&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_

277.  Whitney Houston - It's Not Right But It's Okay (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6J538b-OLRU&list=PLcLtbK8Nf64InyudI1rnYwwRbCr08yup_
random hits 90's and 2000`s playlist