
2018 Grants 4 Plants Recipients - Where Are They Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rces1U6qofM

2019 Grant Recipient Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jddHs3UpDhw

2019 Tap Takeover (Eugene, OR) with WildCraft Cider Works and Mountain Rose Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0bpwbMV1UQ

2020 Grants 4 Plants Meet the Winners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MPn7LAhCJg

2020 Grants 4 Plants Winner Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-gnGaZ3Fyk

3-Seed Herbal Cordial Recipe for Digestion with Kami McBride
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJm_gZ3wePg

5 Popular Ways to Use Organic Lemon Essential Oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wExoavLcjUs

5 Tips for a Healthy Lifestyle with Dr. Tieraona Low Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNfgtqFv91Q

5 Ways to Use Green Tea for Skincare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HxFuiq49DNY

A Sustainable Workplace with Shawn Donnille  Episode 2 Sustainability in Customer Service
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_FE7_SuSF8

A Sustainable Workplace with Shawn Donnille Episode 1 Protecting Wildlife in Our Own Backyard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whKOdxIg-Fo

A Sweet Strawberry Tale & Tune with Doug Elliott
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uayfM3t0QTM

A Tour of the Ithaca Free Clinic with 7Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Unzo4NEHdHk

All About Adaptogens with Dr. Tieraona Low Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9XmLrj-0qo

Aromatherapy 101 Clary Sage with Christine Rice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSYN4KsyA6U

Aromatherapy 101 Cocoa Absolute with Christine Rice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQbpiG4xq6o

Aromatherapy 101 Lavender with Christine Rice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3f1pdvzHmQ

Aromatherapy Blend for Grief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQngAUHjiMc

Berry Ginger Summer Mocktail with Cooling Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXXgCTd-s7g

Blackberry Boogie at Rootstalk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KsuuNIaLlk

Blackcap Raspberry, Plant Walk with Howie Brounstein and Steven Yeager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWCsxaSKA24

Blending Botanical Perfumes Using Essential Oils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsrYey00QbU

Buy Nothing Day A Stand Against Throw-Away Culture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtfO81OZkUo

Calming Marshmallow Rose Tea for Bedtime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFH1hr-M-8c

Cascade Anderson Geller at Rootstalk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z65EmgErBf4

Castilleja, Plant Walk with Howie Brounstein and Steven Yeager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JagjG_lEmlk

Chives Goes to Rootstalk ~ Video Contest!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuNiyUp9PRI

Chives the Mouse Mountain Rose Herbs Rap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pe00xYLgTKU

Chocolate Superfood Smoothie Bowl Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Cf3Vvdr8AU

Coconut Vanilla Cardamom Granola Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ih0CAfeJL6s

Creating Essential Oil Roll-On Perfume Blends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbrMW9iHiZc

Dandelion Tips, Tales & Tunes with Doug Elliott
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=892RT5TPB_Q

Demulcent Herbs With Dr. Glen Nagel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3q2jkSqrM0

Distilling Hydrosols It Takes A Family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kw2fooB-Dsg

DIY Aroma Body Sprays with Essential Oils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TIHE0lQTDo

DIY Cooling Herbal Foot Soak with Kami McBride
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKshMDyKdn4

DIY Essential Oil Blends for Summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgHkV9o7KPo

DIY Four Thieves Essential Oil Blend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_P2bTSddnJg

DIY Granite Cleaner with Essential Oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umMoDoUCxa8

DIY Menthol Eucalyptus Rub A Balm to Soothe You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VExPq2jzS7Q

DIY Recipes with Mountain Rose Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsNVne29faQ

DIY Sweet Dreams Massage Oil with Hemp Essential Oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBvvuML_B6M

DIY Toning Body Butter with Coffee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsFreUP55pU

DIY Yoga Mat Cleaning Spray Recipes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1cH8kZSPZk

Easy Homemade Chocolate with Maca and Bee Pollen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4d5MVB4qm4

Emerald Award Winner ~ Mountain Rose Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7kh1stWrMHU

Essential Oils for Beginners with Kathi Keville - PART 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_2XLSky7Rc

Essential Oils for Beginners with Kathi Keville - PART 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-w5oi--IiNE

Essential Oils for Beginners with Kathi Keville PART 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oE-jf5Sp6NQ

Essential Oils from Mountain Rose Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2hjoFdt8JA

Explore The 2018 Soul Roots Planner & Journal!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ci6_KJ39SbY

FHP '20 Virtual Plant Walk & Botanical Singalong with Steven Yeager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLOJeJ766f8

Free Herbalism Project - Free Fire Cider Making!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M27pKgL6i7k

Free Herbalism Project 2020 Online Live Stream Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTJFc_o29D8

Golden Jojoba Oil from the Sonoran Desert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lndIm6-hK6s

Golden Milk and Turmeric Tea Recipes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEi59Rfbyjo

Green Festival 2011!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9DlmCr6KnA

Grow Your Own Alfalfa Sprouts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niq28mlhz5I

Growing The Herbalist's Garden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AeTNV2770M

Harvesting Willow with 7Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mfj5XuY5SIc

Hawthorn, Plant Walk with jim mcdonald
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGB9Do-IEv8

Herbal Coffee Substitute with Roasted Chicory and Dandelion Root
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFADpImjKOE

Herbal Folklore Juniper by Guido Masé
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZhTNw4kIsY

Herbal Folklore Linden by Guido Masé
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RaOIQOrxI4

Herbal Folklore Mugwort by Guido Masé
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kum3HjJFghk

Herbal Folklore Nettle by Guido Masé
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F7gP-L87n40

Herbal Folklore Rue by Guido Masé
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7kGiEYi-F4

Herbal Folklore Stories of the Silvani with Guido Masé
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9W6BngHvPc

Herbal Medics Navajo Nation - Where Are They Now - Grants 4 Plants 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1EI6RyICk8

History and Benefits of Marshmallow with Tieraona Low Dog, M.D.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dltF8o7dHNM

History of Tea - Tea of India - with Raj Vable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uWvmK97Q38

Homemade Body Care Using Herbal Tea with Janice Cox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ale5ucxQWuQ

Homemade Immune Root Beer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EP7Rf_vBn-Y

Homemade Natural Toothpaste Recipes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61Jb89P8-9I

Homemade No-Bake Almond Joy Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2uX5-n303E

How  to Make Herbal Infusions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1fm9eOOf5A

How Do You Say Opopanax — Herb's the Word with Mountain Rose Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gnx6OOAuGsQ

How to Burn Tree Resins for Incense
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pGYhLsBt7U

How to Clean and Re-purpose Your Essential Oil Containers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5t853SInzw

How to do Herbal Facials at Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQMvqqq9F60

How to Make an Herbal Steam with Chamomile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MN_02xKg134

How to Make Clay Face Masks with Mountain Rose Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-MQp8U3dp0

How to Make Elderberry Syrup & Pro Tips (Tieraona Low Dog, M.D.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w20EeRViTxA

How to Make Fire Cider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZOGDtPcxP0

How To Make Fresh Sprouts With Sprouting Seed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoaIpZZfcFc

How to Make Herb-Infused Honey Using Heat (with Maria Noël Groves)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgyOjSRKOJM

How to Make Herbal Bath Salts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WA7rvKxy6Q

How to Make Herbal Body Scrubs (Vanilla Mint Honey Scrub)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8VJ4ZFaBrk

How to Make Herbal Honey with Lavender
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFVKJl_0evA

How to Make Herbal Infused Oils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e095va7iAX0

How to Make Herbal Liniments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDVzYK96l4Y

How to Make Herbal Lozenges
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuETkbK8w-M

How To Make Herbal Pastilles with Rosalee De La Forêt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNIo2tPg89A

How to Make Herbal Salve
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqDq_VnZ8Ok

How to Make Herbal Tinctures The Folk (Maceration) Extraction Method
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt-lrzjzivg

How to Make Herbal Tinctures The Percolation Extraction Method
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWK_L-FCX0k

How to Make Herbal Tooth Powder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Elb83dPPc0o

How to Make Italian Herb Flavored Ghee with Kami McBride
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkmUfOAeNOE

How to Make Lip Balm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxXWF62Osa4

How to Make Matcha Tea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbHMReMOjDw

How to Make Tea with Loose Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnCqJ26VPcE

How to Make Vegan Caramel Apple Bites with Stephanie Mary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gntqOTzJSRI

How to Make Your Own Herbal Capsule Supplements with Thomas Easley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ae1jK3VeJVY

How to Use a Tea Infuser Travel Mug
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owou7VFdWNY

How to Use Soap Nuts for Laundry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSxcrA95PO0

How To Use The Aroma Mist Ultrasonic Diffuser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0sgXLqGC5M

How To Use The Aromatherapy Fan Diffuser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGle7mfL9gA

How To Use The Ceramic Diffuser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUg9_0Bj84U

How To Use The Electric Aromatherapy Diffuser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlPkeOG5If0

How To Use The Lily Electric Diffuser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bs9pmHg4JZ8

How To Use The Natura Ultrasonic Diffuser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpkQp4pAmD8

How To Use The Wooden Base Nebulizer (for Essential Oils)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-1Itl-4tT8

How to Use the Ziba Waterless Diffuser (for Essential Oils)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdWRJxN_cV4

How We Do Sustainability at Mountain Rose Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3J-VBjx-VLM

Introduction to Wild Foods The Dandelion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eMwVa_jKoU

Life Lessons Through a Song About an Apple with Doug Elliot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMI5IcJM3VU

Listening to the Land on Climate Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iePeK9otl3I

Make Your Own Herb & Fruit Infused Water with Kami McBride
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kX1bsgnjjbE

Making Extracts Behind The Scenes At Mountain Rose Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1GzfVsSRks

Making Herbal Dream Pillows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywKdQ5BacNE

Making Herbal Lozenges with Linden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGwIfj98jb8

Making Herbal Vinegar for Cooking, Skin Care, and Clean-Up with Kami McBride
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gN6uWkc5Yns

Making Homemade Skin Salves with Herb-Infused Oils with Maria Noël Groves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gl3uwxC-M1Y

Making Shelf-Stable Herb Infused Oils Using the Alcohol Intermediary Method (with Maria Noël Groves)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBemR9--yWQ

Manzanita, Plant Walk with Howie Brounstein and Steven Yeager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YE2eiPwork

Meet Danu, a Beautiful Osprey at the Cascades Raptor Center
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRHTX6sQ3Wc

Meet Guapo, a Swainson's Hawk at the Cascade Raptor Center
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9iwnALxyO4

Meet Mountain Rose Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaCpNA03WEk

Meet Parker, a Beautiful American Kestrel at the Cascades Raptor Center
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMTd-lRPlCw

Meet the First MRH Grants 4 Plants Winners!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKFyZ7zHqFI

Meet the Herbalist with Bevin Clare  Featuring Brandon Ruiz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEgAAoDbDm4

Meet the Herbalist with Bevin Clare  Featuring Dr. Crystal Dawn Silas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_qLjyaAFUE

Meet the Herbalist with Bevin Clare  Featuring Indy Srinath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9FA_IutKek

Meet the Herbalist with Bevin Clare  Featuring Jiling Lin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJG2GwsBnBM

Meet the Herbalist with Bevin Clare  Featuring Rosemary Gladstar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2Z4DKzY7IU

Meet the Mountain Rose Herbs Grants 4 Plants 2019 Winners!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqswKnf7m7I

Misty Forest Diffuser Blend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mc1k6BiLP8Y

Mountain Rose Herbs Hand Packed With Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnwzD4tBBCA

Mountain Rose Herbs How to Make a Tincture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9EUgL3wZVw

Mountain Rose Herbs is Zero Waste Certified
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pE2tfx7t3ro

Mountain Rose Herbs Oregon Ethics in Business Award
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_mgK0KPymw

Mountain Rose Herbs Our Farms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYl8otqCKC4

Mountain Rose Herbs Our Quality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FkT5jYUY9E

Mountain Rose Herbs Our Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RoaVVBnYX20

Mountain Rose Herbs Video Contest!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTui4-7fdz8

Mountain Rose Herbs Wins Trashbuster Award
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOfI5PorPnI

Mountain Rose River Project - Pulling English Ivy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ph-jT9f3y7s

Native Tree Walk at Mountain Rose Herbs Headquarters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YE9MaOSOkaM

Nettles ~ Rootstalk Plant Walk with jim mcdonald
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1N4XNgF5aA

New Books at Mountain Rose Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gofX_bMKbA

Online Free Herbalism Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3jmnwRi3Fs

Organic Farming In The Trout Lake Valley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1efoIhel6uA

Paleo Coconut Ashwagandha Energy Bites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuDjwOoZYhk

Phacelia, Plant Walk with Howie Brounstein and Steven Yeager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8U3_GsKUb0E

Plant Walk Bloopers! with Steven Yeager and Howie Brounstein
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Si2hcxMTtNU

Protecting At-Risk Botanicals with Forest Farming & Responsible Wildcrafting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwVvuwT9d6A

Pumpkin Spice Moon Milk with Chamomile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAa2bfGXMD8

Reishi Mushroom Chai Tea for Immune Support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnFcEQwRb_w

Rootstalk Photo Booth!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9hhgtS0LcU

Rose Foaming Face Wash for Dry Skin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEBKzM6l-VA

Rose for Aromatherapy with Kathi Keville
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJ4V384FP28

Rosemary Gladstar's Garden Wisdoms - Elderberry Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMWtLcYs4T4

Rosemary Gladstar's Garden Wisdoms Cilantro, Dill, and Carrot Family Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Nlsd0TcJeI

Rosemary Gladstar's Garden Wisdoms Sage and Thyme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gO89--te8F4

Rosemary Gladstar's Garden Wisdoms Shiitake Mushrooms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0ASys53lBc

Rosemary Gladstar's Garden Wisdoms Yarrow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiVymj446dg

Rudbeckia, Plant Walk with Howie Brounstein and Steven Yeager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRBo7jX5Qc4

Rural Riddles & Blackberry Boogie with Doug Elliott
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjjCEQ7o_yw

Saving the Plants with Kathleen Maier from United Plant Savers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHctFAqRZTA

Simple 4-Step K-Beauty Routine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROJrG26-HhA

Simple Herbal Facial Scrub Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHPFXzottA4

Smreka Recipe A Bosnian Fermented Beverage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-B_QdTdUFUI

Speedy Fire Cider Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8Jml2qxips

St. Johns Wort, Plant Walk with Howie Brounstein and Steven Yeager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mr6kDmiBynE

St. Louis Teens Dig Into Herbalism at Seeds of Hope Farm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsaUOt-NVAU

Sustainable Forest Farming with Dr. John Munsell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZJiVgUqJ98

Susun Weed - Artemisia Medicine (Cronewort)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-rF_nGJrF8

Susun Weed - Dandelion Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxJ_reyhH1g

Susun Weed - Hops Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbLcbcQyLvU

Sweet Basil Lip Scrub
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ON3XF9R2sFQ

Talking Fair Trade with Bryan at Expo West
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yAvu3Qg8i4

Taste of Herbs Astragalus Chai Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhTkRfskKNw

The 2019 Soul Roots Planner & Journal Has Arrived!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvhzEbfgmrU

The Link Between Soil and Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMeaP7ueaKs

Tree Identification Douglas fir and Incense cedar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YczNTUmsh4g

Tree Identification Oregon Ash and Big Leaf Maple
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDiovn5i-AQ

Tree Identification Oregon White Oak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ys4Y0XLQNFA

Triphala Taste Test Can You Handle It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIkiN_ZRDoc

Turn Old Socks into Catnip Toys for Kitty (in 1 Minute!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hbbmsa0ESzw

Valerian, Plant Walk with Howie Brounstein and Steven Yeager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZbQamvmFck

Vegan Tom Kha Soup Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdXaf20Svv8

Wake Me Up Essential Oil Blend for a Gentle Start to Your Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmRHl2ZX2Tg

What's Your Favorite Herb ~ Expo West 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rG753kiXadE

Wild Rose, Plant Walk with Howie Brounstein and Steven Yeager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7sLEULYh4g

Yarrow, Plant Walk with Howie Brounstein and Steven Yeager
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XbxAr7AA3g
Mountain Rose Herbs - Videos