
Baby Thanos Shark (Baby Shark Marvel Thanos Tony Stark Parody).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsYAVTvs9zA&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Baby Yoda Song - A Star Wars Rap  by ChewieCatt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXXkTPUHdMw&list=PLBoA8k6SENO0HeuvFuxbqtFI8vfc1jyFG

BUSHES OF LOVE -- Extended Lyric Video (1373341).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM&list=PLBoA8k6SENO0HeuvFuxbqtFI8vfc1jyFG

BUSHES OF LOVE -- Extended Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Chocolate Raisins (Palpatine's Jam) - Star Wars Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55LdKp-G6a4&list=PLBoA8k6SENO0HeuvFuxbqtFI8vfc1jyFG

Here Comes My Arrow - Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 PARODY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BunrJFs3g6Y&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Hostiles on the Hill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fBVXCxvSvo&list=PLBoA8k6SENO0HeuvFuxbqtFI8vfc1jyFG

IT'S NOT A MOON — A Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars (1900333).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT4shwU4Yc4&list=PLBoA8k6SENO0HeuvFuxbqtFI8vfc1jyFG

IT'S NOT A MOON — A Bad Lip Reading of Star Wars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT4shwU4Yc4&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Lil Nas X - Old Town Road (Clean).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eMKT8H_76g&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Lil Nas X - Panini (Clean Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c34vQJ22Oq8&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Morningstar DESTROYS EVERYTHING! (I ALMOST DIED!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUR3VNFc26E&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

MY STICK! — A Bad Lip Reading of The Last Jedi (1903294).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xl0Qr0uXuY&list=PLBoA8k6SENO0HeuvFuxbqtFI8vfc1jyFG

MY STICK! — A Bad Lip Reading of The Last Jedi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Xl0Qr0uXuY&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

NOT THE FUTURE -- Extended Lyric Video (1273975).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9tgLnI0fFc&list=PLBoA8k6SENO0HeuvFuxbqtFI8vfc1jyFG

NOT THE FUTURE -- Extended Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9tgLnI0fFc&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Queen - Another One Bites the Dust (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rY0WxgSXdEE&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Queen - We Will Rock You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tJYN-eG1zk&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Save The Child - A Mandalorian Season 2 Song  by ChewieCatt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PRfEEqiniY&list=PLBoA8k6SENO0HeuvFuxbqtFI8vfc1jyFG

Seagulls! (Stop It Now) -- Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HXYJUgt6Hs&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

SEAGULLS! (Stop It Now) X MY STICK!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pH1gGL7A-ss&list=PLBoA8k6SENO0HeuvFuxbqtFI8vfc1jyFG

Seagulls! Stop It Now - (clean).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbCo3oQzl9U&list=PLBoA8k6SENO0HeuvFuxbqtFI8vfc1jyFG

STAR WARS A Bad Lip Reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w8Z0UOXVaY&list=PLBoA8k6SENO0HeuvFuxbqtFI8vfc1jyFG

Survivor - Eye of the Tiger  [HQ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2b2Mbl_QhGo&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

The Final Countdown - Europe (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nu6Os0R-tq4&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

THE FORCE AWAKENS A Bad Lip Reading (Featuring Mark Hamill as Han Solo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv_hGITmNuo&list=PLBoA8k6SENO0HeuvFuxbqtFI8vfc1jyFG

Turn Down For What (clean).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=np8TgeHneIk&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Weird Al Yankovic - Amish Paradise (Official Parody of Gangsta's Paradise).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOfZLb33uCg&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Weird Al Yankovic - Eat It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcJjMnHoIBI&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Weird Al Yankovic - Fat (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2mU6USTBRE&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON

Weird Al Yankovic - White & Nerdy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9qYF9DZPdw&list=PLJv8PkxpXZN6k5WOniIk_HpAPFocBA9ON
star wars bad lip reading