
1.  'Sample of My Pasta' Lyrics (BTS Bad Lip Reading).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sihF0017yV8&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

2.  Asian Baby - Justin Bieber and Rascal Flatts That Should Be Me, cover by a bad lip reader.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0GutrcKbRM&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

3.  BLACK UMBRELLA (The Right Stuff), a bad lip reading of Miley Cyrus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ii5IUihNuno&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

4.  Bouncy Ball (From High School Musical A Bad Lip Reading).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLj9HTglPDA&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

5.  BUSHES OF LOVE -- Extended Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RySHDUU2juM&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

6.  Carl Poppa (feat. Carl G.).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChmJ26KzNp0&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

7.  Danny Elephant (From Descendants A Bad Lip Reading).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FGGnMxMi10&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

8.  do the castle dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfNDTjLNgdE&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

9.  Don't Stare at the Sun - Bad Lip Reading lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y2CbC4US2Ko&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

10.  Everybody Poops - a bad lip reading of the Black Eyed Peas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQTW7Pd1vqc&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

11.  Gang Fight -- Rebecca Black, as interpreted by a bad lip reader.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GaKaGwch0U&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

12.  Haiku.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4Jxk7Dxbg0&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

13.  Hostiles on the Hill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRhvA6EoBe8&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

14.  Hot Jumping Beans -- another bad lip reading of Justin Bieber and Rascal Flatts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gXotGSe_JE&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

15.  Kicked Your Monkey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUDtw66SIsM&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

16.  Magic Man --  a bad lip reading of Ludacris and The Bee Gees.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmobkT8IuxM&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

17.  Mommy Says (From Descendants A Bad Lip Reading).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2qHxudFUFo&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

18.  Morning Dew — a bad lip reading of Bruno Mars, feat. Lady Gaga and Jay-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bUcszN8jRB8&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

19.  NOT THE FUTURE -- Extended Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9tgLnI0fFc&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

20.  Russian Unicorn — a bad lip reading of Michael Bublé.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjaZNYSt7o0&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7

21.  SEAGULLS! (Stop It Now) -- A Bad Lip Reading of The Empire Strikes Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9t-slLl30E&list=PLB5Umr9ZEDwoxSdYviTX6F0_TUP9gJSn7
Top Tracks - Bad Lip Reading