
29 Life Lessons I Learned In 29 Years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5uRIb3o4-U&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

30 Life Lessons I Learned In 30 Years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2972jP4ntY&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

A Bald Cap Full Of Eyelashes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLokc7dsVK4&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

A Full Face Of Rhinestones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RycMNSM8Mns&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

A Virgo And An Aries Make Cannolis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9qjYySeWfU&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

ASMR Mukbang Unboxing Gaming Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyC-bCMjZs4&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Bleaching My Eyebrows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmGnedYflqY&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Body Massage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGWLrONk7Rw&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Braiding Things Into My Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YllrAmXfrME&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Camouflaging Myself Into A Chair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAqG0wcTfV4&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Christmas Glitter Beard DIY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFuYC2uaKGU&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Come Do Terrible Things To My Hair With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvwTBPrrZcI&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Conjoined Twin Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=257OqEliWMM&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Cutting And Coloring My Boyfriend's Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Elw7nfwxOcQ&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Cutting and Coloring My Own Hair 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZOyzi4W-wg&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Cutting And Coloring My Own Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EWZyU_mXf4&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

DIY Wedding Gift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mg0X8ENw2js&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Doing Double Vision Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rfWADlx-M0&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Doing My Mom's Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45eM2cd8Grk&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Doing My Own Acrylic Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDJMcoeTYN0&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Doing My Own Acrylic Toenails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnuNKg-r_P4&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Double Drag Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmyKv-v9iyQ&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Drawing With My Feet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSZgePq0tFo&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Dress Up Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLeereuSuuM&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Ear Blood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63ruIqgxQuU&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Everything is Glue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVRrgBecaeU&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Extras 2015 Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFRxl5Z3A84&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Extras 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Omm7T5GZatg&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Face Swap Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqVEENNtZ3U&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Following A Bob Ross Painting Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZW-ZnQoj5g&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Full Face Using Only Highlighters Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Un57W0eN1o&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Giving My Boyfriend A Brazilian Blowout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IezfWhKTYPY&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Giving My Boyfriend Acrylic Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p42rWr6D4Xc&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Giving My Hamster A Home Makeover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWbr7_7gKs0&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Giving My Man The Hair He Deserves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6t41dgYCQjw&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Giving Myself A 90's Hair Wrap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOvK8haeqBw&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Giving Myself A Lash Perm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a2h1aILVi4&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Giving Myself A Perm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jMnJ0cApcY8&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Giving Myself A Set Of Gel Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HUQ2DH-wtYw&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Giving Myself Eyelash Extensions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aHk8_F08NQ&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Giving Myself Tape In Hair Extensions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB7_1CoKntI&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Google Deep Dive With Me 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkQ6Ah_TSUY&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Google Deep Dive With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eC5bgxkxEYM&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Helium Booth Tag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WXCoCzBv4Q&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Hello Young People, I'm Hillary Clinton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7dxBlTC_9c&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Hello Young People, It's Hillary Clinton Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llkIkLRF26M&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

How I Used To Do My Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnV5NYy8bAQ&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

I Buy My Boyfriends Outfits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v3BWoddSgk&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

I Cook My Boyfriends Favorite Meal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-Aifw2A2Q4&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

I Let My Dogs Walk Me For A Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ew1JYegKF7s&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

I Suck At Pranks 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bf2Pd__zq8c&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

I Suck At Pranks 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOMBQBNIpSA&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

I Suck At Pranks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSaqfAFaTwI&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

I Suck At Video Games 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RKMrXzYLDU&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

I Suck At Video Games 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Se5b8FSrLGM&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

I Suck At Video Games
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5a37VGuHvI&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

I Tried Following A James Charles Makeup Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzP676lbUYA&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

I Want To Be A Toothbrush For Halloween
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QccBAHil6SI&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Jenna's Rachet Fashion Boutique My Boyfriend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8iQoimAlqk&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Jenna's Rachet Fashion Boutique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgPmSTRCMp0&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Jenna's Rachet Nail Salon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9jMKiyetJo&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Jenna's Rachet Salon Waxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYJouoSc2gU&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Jenna's Ratchet Fashion Boutique Dog Costumes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICBJSNvi3RE&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Just Trying To Blend In With My Green Screen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icLIdzEJ1Uo&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Making A Tiny Living Room For My Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEx1wcbBvdg&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Making My Boyfriend A Romphim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENgR3aw5Snk&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Making My Dog A Bed Out Of Soap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3it6WSL15A&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Making My Dogs Homemade Dog Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92ZU3IcYEIE&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Making Our Favorite Soup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62lpPNvscis&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Making Terrible Hot Glue Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4VzWKMc38k&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Making Tiny Things For Our Hamster 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVsqqfHXd0w&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Making Tiny Things For Our Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5O_oXjz4Kc&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Boyfriend Buys My Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb4gebXtC60&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Boyfriend Buys My Outfits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBN9kLaS-uw&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Boyfriend Cooks My Favorite Dessert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rd2-zQNog9E&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Boyfriend Cooks My Favorite Meal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DYcovm9i0M&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Boyfriend Does My Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2StIQCbKo6Q&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Boyfriend Does My Voiceover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0kjpdcT-Yo&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Boyfriend Guides Me Through A Makeup Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DL_Un-euzBs&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Boyfriend Teaches Me Jiu Jitsu 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=In7FBG6rPw0&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Boyfriend Teaches Me Jiu Jitsu 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0txgvcMZMVk&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Boyfriend Teaches Me Jiu Jitsu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkvTpmQ7M48&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Dog Reviews Soap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouj_on9MxcQ&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Dogs Eating Peanut Butter For 3 Minutes Straight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csQHg3YLwrI&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Dogs Meet A Cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtlLI_pBC3s&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Dogs Pick My Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yJJlb3E6JQ&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVikUbTnUqU&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wRgNPdU7fQ&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Dogs' Bike Trailer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6z0aU6V9wsY&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

My Dogs' Wedding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gML71RXkMNE&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Oops I'm In Tokyo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JW70oTiQbm8&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Opposite Contour Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRrBcxsIVeo&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Prank Calling in Sick From Jobs I Don't Have 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxZss9dLpgI&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Pssy Grabbing Self Defense
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGUeuk--0kc&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Punk Edits In Real Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5lR_6719Ho&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Putting 200 Fake Nails On One Nail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhUsye2ewNg&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Questions Video #6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPrvpaGF6Lk&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMn3p7hhMew&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74EDvTEhqtE&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reacting to Compilation Videos of Me 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Y4E8XC70x0&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZtpWXGyRtSw&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNs9IZAeFQU&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reacting To My Old Videos (300th Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_PFgg0QnVI&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reading Mean Comments About My Dogs 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPpBz9x6a6I&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reading Mean Comments About My Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRbHTeAcJLQ&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reading Mean Comments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVB0v963fkE&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Realistic Love (Song)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnb2-lmE2us&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Recreating Face Paintings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CSKB7CzrZU&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Recreating The Hamster Picture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYoQmcSn_UM&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reviewing Bad Apps 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6J8JDNlkrco&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reviewing Bad Apps 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ri5p6WM6Jf8&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reviewing Bad Apps 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wPSNvyvEw4&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reviewing Bad Apps 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=id2engoWMv8&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Reviewing Bad Apps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJKjYF88XMU&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Roast Yourself Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iIwCPXVDlA&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

See You In 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6wJxjePPCA&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Sharing Things From My Special Shoebox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0Vv8YJXS8w&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Shaving My Boyfriends Face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xv3uTh9nJY&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Shaving My Eyebrows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZngynzkNQ0&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Shaving My Face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li7HdK2vIlw&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Taking My Dog To Meet Santa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp2rFoZ3GN8&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Teaching My Boyfriend How To Pitch A Softball
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nexADgoWo54&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Teaching My Dogs How To Swim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olONgK_CxG4&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Testing My Dogs' Intelligence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSnQ1hsmCTE&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Things I Get Excited About As An Adult
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIsgoafssIo&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Thoughts From A Bathtub 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfywWEEsy8Y&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Thoughts From A Bathtub
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxH20-Us2QM&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Thoughts From A Couch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWcqbZc9CfI&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Thrift Store Roulette
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1cX-ZMTzT4&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Throwing My Dogs A Pool Party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mO7yKkq5HkE&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Transforming Myself Into My Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ag6Xj26WBf8&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Treating My Dogs Like Babies For A Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fvv83jYh8pA&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Trying To Decorate Our House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIFwDxdF_a4&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Ultimate 100 Coats of Things Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsFLMjlgR_o&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

We Bought A House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kTWIm7m4Uw&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

We Got A Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAJba5bf88Y&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

We Got In A Car Accident, We Are Okay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07gjpwfq7fc&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

What Happened To My Fishies Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFwMTG6T_PI&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

What's The Best Mascara To Cry In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lteC_JdTObE&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Who's Smarter Chihuahua Vs. Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44OxwxcclI8&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq

Yoga Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-LW7hRVTXU&list=PLGmeHMir9mAn4fGnMhoLRQE_G0sJbUAJq
all jenna marbles videos