
1.  Al Green - Let's Stay Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COiIC3A0ROM&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

2.  Ben E. King - Stand By Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwZNL7QVJjE&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

3.  Billy Stewart - Sitting In The Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3O1RT392fY&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

4.  Bobby Darin - Dream Lover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98UeREfgNzE&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

5.  Bobby Day Rockin' Robin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OFESufsZG0&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

6.  Bobby Vinton Mr. Lonely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYvBBl1WAvU&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

7.  Breakin' Up Is Hard To Do - Neil Sedaka.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbad22CKlB4&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

8.  Brenda Lee - Rock The Bop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2-j6eXuSRQ&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

9.  Cant Take My Eyes Off You - Frankie Valli and The 4 Seasons + lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcJm1pOswfM&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

10.  Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

11.  Curly Myrick - It Be's That Way (Rare Oldies Soul Music).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjfnDfnR09c&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

12.  Danny and the Juniors- At The Hop (lyrics in discription).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6EeObPCMR8&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

13.  Dion & The Belmonts - I Wonder Why (I Love You Like I Do).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TocbHLqmf4&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

14.  Everly Brothers- All I Have To Do Is DreamCathy's Clown 1960 (Reelin' In The Years Archives).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTYe9eDqxe8&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

15.  Four Tops - Ain't No Woman (Like The One I've Got).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rK3CGdyJBrI&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

16.  Frankie Lymon & The Teenagers - Why Do Fools Fall In Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU9Q7hEhQjY&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

17.  Frankie Lymon Little Bitty Pretty One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9PNVUpI19A&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

18.  Gene Chandler - The Duke of Earl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qa88gqvXJMc&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

19.  Hit the road Jack!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8Tiz6INF7I&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

20.  In the Still of the Night - Fred Parris and The Satins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBT3oDMCWpI&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

21.  In the Still of the Night-The Five Satins-original song-1956.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRb1-SAAIzs&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

22.  Johnnie & Joe - Over The Mountain, Across The Sea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDpzLIeCYSc&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

23.  Kathy Young & The Innocents - A Thousand Stars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwX4bjFrP_0&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

24.  Little Anthony Tears on My Pillow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxjQ3M_v7xc&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

25.  Little Darlin'-The Diamonds-1957.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SaHPgTdF1g&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

26.  Maurice Williams & the Zodiacs - Stay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Pd9MFSsoeE&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

27.  One Summer Night- The Danleers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QT4LJxBBaF0&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

28.  Platters - Smoke Gets In Your Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57tK6aQS_H0&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

29.  Ritchie Valens - We Belong Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkSfMj8D-7c&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

30.  Roy Orbison - Blue Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qas5YmLCCjs&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

31.  Ruby Baby by The Drifters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpANME0IS0o&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

32.  Santo & Johnny - Sleep walk [Original instrumental].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBRCvVpknvg&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

33.  Sea Of Love - Phil Phillips & The Twilights 1959.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrkNRcyvtF4&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

34.  Something I Want To Tell You - Johnny & The Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzLO1GdwN4A&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

35.  The Cadillacs - Speedo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGxfRZnKPMQ&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

36.  The Capris - There's A Moon Out Tonight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t18igMWNfBI&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

37.  THE CELLOS - UNDER YOUR SPELL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aXEMuJTT6Q&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

38.  The Chantels - Maybe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0eKGjqchp4&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

39.  The Charts - Deserie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zj1Vv4-Pj5Y&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

40.  The Chords - Sh Boom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSL-YtVV9U4&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

41.  The Cleftones - Can't We Be Sweethearts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kato7EMyhWY&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

42.  The Clovers - Love Potion Number Nine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8KDknyNzsw&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

43.  The Crests - Step By Step.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEWPyxRftc0&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

44.  The Del-Vikings- Whispering Bells-1957.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ao3EqVG9jXU&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

45.  The Dells - Oh What A Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1ozQT8yQXA&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

46.  The Drifters   -   Stand By Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaqjpfZJjpk&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

47.  The Drifters - Ruby Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2hVa8KHFFU&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

48.  The Duprees - You Belong To Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUGCCSAa_OQ&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

49.  The Earls - Remember Then.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1igHnZts4Gs&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

50.  The Earls-Its You (Doo wop).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udwC2EMDENE&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

51.  The El Dorados - At My Front Door.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12Sdmhaz3ms&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

52.  THE FIVE SATINS -  A MILLION TO ONE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwu8FxpNfnE&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

53.  The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbgiOfhsBQg&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

54.  THE FLEETWOODS - Mr. Blue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9ceb6uzG3I&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

55.  The Harptones - What Will I Tell My Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OT76Kej748g&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

56.  The Impalas - Sorry (I Ran All The Way Home).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9j0NXdt6ZdU&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

57.  The Marcels   -   Blue Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0fy1HeJv80&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

58.  The Marcels - Blue Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gFqeslmpC8&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

59.  The Marvelettes - Please Mr. Postman (1961).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=425GpjTSlS4&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

60.  The Penguins - Earth Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

61.  The Penguins - Memories of El Monte.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3b2hIh9PEM&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

62.  The Platters - Only You (And You Alone) (Original Footage HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FygIKsnkCw&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

63.  The Regents - Runaround.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkTZYOrVh50&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

64.  The Shangri-Las -Leader Of The Pack Video with High Quality Sound.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8UKf65NOzM&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

65.  The Sinceres - Don't Waste My Time (Classic Oldies).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Q8BHQqGLbE&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

66.  The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

67.  The Temptations - Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5Z9-QCmZyw&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

68.  The Vanguards - Somebody Please.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eL1XTRmy54&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe

69.  Tommy Edwards - It's All In The Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gtizr2G_7Bk&list=PL5KaoEDhMVCSsQQGug0h1ClTGeLenfIMe
Best Oldies Classics (50s Music, 60s Music and Beyond)