
1.  Asking Freshman About College Parties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzJp1YsLCB0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

2.  Asking Hypebeasts About Brands That Don’t Exist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yEo50KkUZ0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

3.  Asking Old People About Pop Culture Slang  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHJSyhqZrQs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

4.  ASKING STRANGERS 'FAMILY FRIENDLY QUESTIONS'  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykqeIZuemyU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

5.  Asking Strangers About Ariana Grande.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dXp-lmCPyzY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

6.  Asking Strangers About Billie Eilish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXp0rYp8ZEc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

7.  Asking Strangers About Corona Virus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ro7ur5OwPM8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

8.  Asking Strangers About Fake Coachella Lineups.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icHSpiaksQE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

9.  Asking Strangers About Millennials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7B6j4838rA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

10.  Asking Strangers About Porn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXBQGFol0D0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

11.  Asking Strangers About Their New Year's Resolutions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XdrRY_2YzY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

12.  Asking Strangers How They Lost Their Virginity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUD0VoNFDyo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

13.  Asking Strangers If Hot Dogs Are a Sandwich or Not.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bW9oeEZ_CdI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

14.  Asking Strangers If I Have Big Dck Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWqQhEJnNVk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

15.  ASKING STRANGERS REDDIT QUESTIONS (feat. Alexis G. Zall)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGGaVBHbieg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

16.  Asking Strangers Stoner Questions  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=povqfk7eXfI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

17.  Asking White People Where They're Really From.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxh-_fxYrAU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

18.  AWKWARD TALKS WITH STRANGERS (feat. Harrison Webb)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5uVO_kgBjE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

19.  CALLING RANDOM PEOPLE IN STRANGERS' PHONES  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWhjXRfGXoY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

20.  Christine Sydelko and I Ask Strangers About Sex  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3YBu4bD8yI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

21.  CONSIDERING ANAL WITH STRANGERS (with Amy Ordman)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RosdlDHi3sg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

22.  DOING EVERY TREND OF 2017 WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5shJDM4pUY0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

23.  DRUNKENLY INTERVIEWING VERY DRUNK PEOPLE  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mGFnqGbBBHs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

24.  Exclusive Interview with Adele (with Amy Ordman and Miles McKenna)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vo9qZMhs5jc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

25.  FRENCH KISSING MY GRANDMA... (feat. Carrie Rad)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mKxI3A7UVo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

26.  GOING THROUGH STRANGERS' BROWSER HISTORY  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvxXkzjrKxI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

27.  HOOKING UP WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpWnuWzJ6kU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

28.  HOW TO BE A BAD BITCH  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNsY19RcD_Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

29.  HOW TO GET A SUGAR DADDY  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGhDAb9GF2M&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

30.  HOW TO GET RID OF FCKBOYS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVCzVfG9_P8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

31.  HOW TO SURVIVE VALENTINES DAY  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9RabJHDNlc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

32.  I ALMOST DIED  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MY0d-PYGft8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

33.  I AM PERFORMING AT BONNAROO PRANK  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5_4K_AtdDU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

34.  I DONT KNOW WHAT THIS VIDEO IS TBH  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sfj_8BIKXkc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

35.  I Got A Girl Pregnant! (feat. Diane Kang)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0XmH0Y1hic&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

36.  I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dm-4tJj-aYQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

37.  I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS 2  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sk2aajP-EMM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

38.  I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS 3  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8pCiJtC3k4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

39.  I Got High and Interviewed Strangers 4  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8f7vEhNphM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

40.  I Got High and Interviewed Strangers 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjIqLIy2vok&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

41.  I GOT HIGH AND INTERVIEWED STRANGERS ABOUT THE HOLIDAYS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CpxlrRc0xA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

42.  I GOT HIGH AND USED AWFUL PICKUP LINES ON STRANGERS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsY73Z25rVw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

43.  I HAD A THREESOME IN 2015  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgLdZ0z5GoI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

44.  I INTERVIEWED DONALD TRUMP  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5Icw_VBFRc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

45.  I INTERVIEWED STRANGERS FROM MY HOMETOWN IN DELAWARE  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hx0OQjhB3G8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

46.  I MESSED WITH TEXAS AND THE PEOPLE ARE CRAZY  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjRkDvllm3c&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

47.  I Only Interviewed Kids...  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeEchDsmnvI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

48.  I STOLE A STRANGER'S PUPPY  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGwHGIclWn8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

49.  I WANT THE D PRANK  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WxqrPOr3Z0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

50.  I WAS KICKED IN THE BALLS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Koz7cP8lU8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

51.  I'M BECOMING SAM PEPPER  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiFzhYspanc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

52.  I'M SO FAMOUS NOW  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ms_MZ3OfbYM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

53.  INTERVIEWING DRUNK SANTA  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWrmLaNywng&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

54.  INTERVIEWING DRUNK STRANGERS (with OrinsEyes)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTjPInHFpl0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

55.  Interviewing Instabaddies at the Famous Pink Wall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6Ve4oIxvkg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

56.  Interviewing Jake Paul's Neighbors  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0214qYnzBE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

57.  INTERVIEWING STRANGERS AT COMIC CON  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWJWondyIMo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

58.  Interviewing Very Drunk People.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Sj1w4qcSGU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

59.  JUSTIN BIEBER NUDES (feat. Joey Kidney)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dFV-yLzKTs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

60.  KISSING STRANGERS DRUNK (feat. Catrific)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmTQFpIowZ0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

61.  Letting Strangers Ask Me Anything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7T0yDQ0jCIU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

62.  Making College Students Compete for an iPhone 11 Pro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiMnS4XAElU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

63.  MOANING AT STRANGERS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLjeeak1W6k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

64.  My Biggest Regret...  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efG2Jx8s3IA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

65.  My Last Video  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqpsJIxcI4Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

66.  NYC REACTS TO CAITLYN JENNER  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYm_wsuSnZ8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

67.  NYC REACTS TO ZAYN MALIK LEAVING ONE DIRECTION  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4gNbIBuHt8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

68.  On the Street and Off My Meds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8mFeQT_s6s&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

69.  ONE BIG THANKSGIVING MESS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rku9NgZNIUE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

70.  One Wish  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kI2UIPiFVYc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

71.  People Watching in New York (Part 1)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sShMPKOo4_E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

72.  People Watching in New York (Part 2)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txjxAeV_gTc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

73.  People Watching in New York (Part 3)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHJge1dtY7Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

74.  People Watching in New York (Part 4)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkuHk16mGjs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

75.  Public Puking Prank  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dziLnK6QsrM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

76.  Public Puking Prank (Part 2)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjiEgtZCT8o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

77.  REACTING TO 2 GIRLS 1 CUP WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRq8HMn907I&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

78.  REACTING TO CRINGEY INSTAGRAM COUPLES WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKp5Ml3vyeE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

79.  REACTING TO MEAN COMMENTS WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeixwIVxBVo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

80.  REAL LIFE FCK, MARRY, KILL WITH STRANGERS (with Amy Ordman and Alexis G Zall)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HT0uU2MEssk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

81.  RECREATING MY FRIENDS' INSTAGRAMS WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OPHviW61mw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

82.  ROASTING WHITE SUPREMACISTS WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z2HmZWt11s&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

83.  SEDUCING STRANGERS (feat. Pierson Oglesby)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb2RBC-brpM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

84.  Seeing If Strangers Notice I'm Wearing a Wig.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mcpldz9pwPc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

85.  SEX STORIES WITH STRANGERS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfbthsb0_IU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

86.  SEX STORIES WITH STRANGERS 2  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpG-V9jfwD8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

87.  Smoking with Strangers on 420.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwwS3QaADY4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

88.  STRANGERS BRUTALLY ROAST OUR INSTAGRAMS (feat. Andrew Lowe)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frUyICPvRZ8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

89.  STRANGERS DO OUR MAKEUP (feat. Nikki Phillippi)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXEbSw_CSj4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

90.  STRANGERS GIVE THE TALK 2... (feat. Ben J. Pierce)   Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyo-2cXp1mk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

91.  STRANGERS GIVE THE TALK... (feat. Alexis G. Zall)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbqYZk8fqWA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

92.  Strangers Guess How Much My Outfit Costs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Abrfr2TyyJk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

93.  Strangers Guess If I’m High or Not.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUV2_rrLfcI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

94.  Strangers Guess My Age.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O76HKKOOOY0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

95.  Strangers Guess Which YouTubers Have Filler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Irha_lxpgDs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

96.  Strangers in NYC Ask Me Anything....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7Z8J24pLhA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

97.  STRANGERS INTERPRET KANYE WEST LYRICS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lUtzM352HY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

98.  STRANGERS INTERPRET POPULAR SONG LYRICS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rIfXw9u0xU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

99.  STRANGERS INTERPRET SONG LYRICS COACHELLA EDITION (feat. Hayley Williams)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxJZfSfwR7k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

100.  STRANGERS PLAY POKEMON GO FOR FIRST TIME  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5evOs10w8XA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

101.  STRANGERS REACT TO 'LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DO' BY TAYLOR SWIFT  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyTBq2NbLug&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

102.  STRANGERS REACT TO 'SIGN OF THE TIMES' BY HARRY STYLES  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iWK-uYSczE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

103.  STRANGERS REACT TO BEYONCE'S TWINS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zr_goYOS7t0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

104.  Strangers React to Election Results  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxhdND3J0o4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

105.  STRANGERS REACT TO FCKBOY MUSICAL.LYS (feat. Andrew Lowe)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOIJt3Vaa84&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

106.  STRANGERS REACT TO IPHONE 7 & 7 PLUS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeOhYw5RHtI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

107.  Strangers React to Jeffree Star.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QnB1TFFTZA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

108.  STRANGERS REACT TO JUSTIN BIEBER NUDES...AGAIN  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ-si_-ARy4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

109.  STRANGERS REACT TO KANYE WEST 'FAMOUS' MUSIC VIDEO  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6TY68Mg3HI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

110.  STRANGERS REACT TO KYLIE JENNER'S PREGNANCY  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vg0IBSoPUFE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

111.  STRANGERS REACT TO LEMONADE BY BEYONCE  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fH_X6wL3vWo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

112.  STRANGERS REACT TO MY NUDES...  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xDsUDf_F1E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

113.  STRANGERS REACT TO NEW MANDELA EFFECTS live footage  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3mc52h5syI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

114.  STRANGERS REACT TO NEW MUSIC (POST MALONE, 5SOS, + MORE)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xl8Jso5tMkY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

115.  STRANGERS REACT TO OUR NUDES (feat. Lena the Plug)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWLmVJo32bA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

116.  STRANGERS REACT TO PILLOWTALK BY ZAYN (feat. Christian Leave)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtV4DpN6Xb8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

117.  Strangers React to Victoria's Secret Fashion Show (feat. AmandasChronicles)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-6-zyRwUXU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

118.  STRANGERS REACT TO YOUTUBERS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GobZiXpfjtY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

119.  STRANGERS REACT TO YOUTUBERS 2  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTjrWkX7mfQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

120.  STRANGERS REACT TO YOUTUBERS 3  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSWotOvox_A&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

121.  STRANGERS REACT TO YOUTUBERS 4  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUMHL85OYOw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

122.  Strangers React to Yummy by Justin Bieber.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DapvbosHtF4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

123.  STRANGERS READ MY HATE COMMENTS 4  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8H4w-lyL6E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

124.  Strangers Read My Hate Comments from Jake Paulers  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xD2pRAeeX2k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

125.  STRANGERS READ MY SEXUAL COMMENTS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeLfQMLf1gg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

126.  STRANGERS READ MY SEXUAL COMMENTS...AGAIN  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKiKgM0cTaM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

127.  STRANGERS READ MY SEXUAL COMMENTS...yet again  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcD_rRhZxMo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

128.  STRANGERS ROAST MY INSTAGRAM  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLcFnLPt8ys&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

129.  STRANGERS SHAVE MY HEAD Live Footage  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTFtJGlEUKs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

130.  STRANGERS SMASH OR PASS ME LIVE FOOTAGE  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbhiM_dvL2c&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

131.  STRANGERS TALKING SHT ABOUT 2016  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjtssaCId98&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

132.  STRANGERS TALKING SHT ABOUT 2017  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJLtw8tvdfA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

133.  STRANGERS TRY SNAPCHAT FILTERS FOR THE FIRST TIME  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOa6LxrZL5E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

134.  STRANGERS TURN ME INTO PENNYWISE THE CLOWN FROM IT  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDrb9vPKlXg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

135.  Strangers Watch Laura Lee's Apology and Laugh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ar1X9VkDcE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

136.  Strangers Watch Lele Pons for the First Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93weUPq4eE8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

137.  Strangers Watch My First Video and DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS ME  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k63u4HWLISU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

138.  TAKING OVER STRANGERS' PHONES (not clickbait)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsyKaixoOPg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

139.  TALKING GIBBERISH TO STRANGERS (feat. Christine Sydelko)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDSuKW4z9Lo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

140.  Talking to Strangers in Sexual Innuendos  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N60xQfBPwyU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

141.  TALKING TO STRANGERS IN SONG LYRICS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOXl9c0QEXM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

142.  Talking to Strangers Using Cringy Noah Centineo Tweets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qip7epqj6uA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

143.  TALKING TO STRANGERS USING KANYE WEST TWEETS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDnPiWtSAyo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

144.  Talking to Strangers Using Weird Voices.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIm-Z9TBzmY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

145.  Talking to Strangers Wearing Tiny Hands  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JG_4AhLNZ0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

146.  TALKING TO STRANGERS WITH HARRY STYLES LYRICS  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpUXK2zWY54&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

147.  TEACHING STRANGERS GAY SLANG (feat. Ryan Charch)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF1y3rqJAaI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

148.  Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Amy Ordman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mv8hnU5yNZU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

149.  Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Andrew Lowe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0EYZtqfeuw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

150.  Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Carly and Erin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IxvYoHM-E8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

151.  Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Claudia Sulewski.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRYxmSFdTpk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

152.  Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Elle Mills.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSUWX_sdx-g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

153.  Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Lexie Lombard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVsu8qlKlAg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

154.  Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Matt King.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaKq4d0tfjA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

155.  Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Shannon Beveridge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQXNQurvUVA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

156.  Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Tana Mongeau.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPDzhGFybZA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

157.  Telling Each Other What to Say to Strangers Tina Woods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xb7o0Ej2CLY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

158.  THE BIG BOOBIES PRANK  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3pyW6dS67w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

159.  THE MOST OFFENSIVE HALLOWEEN COSTUME  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ7JFINCrGE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

160.  The Proposing Prank  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHtV_A8fvJ4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

161.  The Public Falling Prank  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDoTDJTKOlM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

162.  The Real Me  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_iEf0JjXgAc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

163.  THE SECRET TO MAKING A LOT OF MONEY  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMHIPVLj_pk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

164.  The Truth About My Videos..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGXC8einU9k&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

165.  THE WORST ADVICE EVER  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vY3tOnHJu3U&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

166.  Twerking in Public - 5K Subscribers  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhozbTEDUWs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

167.  U.S. History With Strangers (feat. TooTurntTina)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GUvY3KhADw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

168.  Uncomfortable Would You Rather (feat. Justin Escalona)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w58y2i-a2Ao&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

169.  UNSEEN FOOTAGE & BLOOPERS THAT NO ONE ASKED FOR  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YX_nYOTfM2s&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

170.  WATCHING WEIRD PORN WITH STRANGERS (feat. Ayydubs)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lowW4uElroY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

171.  We Can't Stop New Yorkers  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhbYwrJibUY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

172.  WEIRD AMERICAN WOULD YOU RATHER  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD_nqdFZ2Mo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

173.  What Guys Look For In Girls (feat. Kevin Droniak & Aaron Idelson)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRMw2hzYdBI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

174.  What Strangers REALLY Think of Stoners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqWikSSpIlo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

175.  What Strangers Will Do for Two Dollars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRdlV0xlPps&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

176.  WHO SAID IT TRUMP OR A SUPERVILLAIN (feat. Orion Carloto)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cy2VahYR3R0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

177.  WHY NO ONE SHOULD GO TO TIMES SQUARE  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDzXd2-4Rsw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

178.  WHY ONE DIRECTION BROKE UP (feat. Tyde Levi)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOPdDEfo1r0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov

179.  WOMEN'S SUFFRAGE PRANK  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceXT8zJE7ys&list=PLSjne1BUS-nRBnJZrhowSCMQXYlWgw8ov
ON THE STREET  Chris Klemens