
A Teenager In Love-Dion and The Belmonts-Original Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-Xvgv92GBc&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Blue Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=955BivrSW80&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Buddy Holly - Everyday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMezwtB1oCU&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Buddy Holly - Learning the game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBINlle0YRc&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Buddy Holly- Words of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcuojSU_hOY&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Cant Take My Eyes Off You - Frankie Valli and The 4 Seasons + lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcJm1pOswfM&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Dean Martin - Arrivederci Roma (1962)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Gz07QiFevg&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Dean Martin - Buona Sera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZKtRyjfbjU&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

DEAN MARTIN - INNAMORATA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3zA7dgQ2dU&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Dean Martin - Memories are made of this
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mv9PSkNkUfs&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Dean Martin - Return To Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpBjgQlT_jA&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Dean Martin - You're Nobody till Somebody Loves You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIAEAVKcKrs&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Dean Martin When You're Smiling (High Quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvgFVlJUx-M&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Dean Martin ~ Non Dimenticar (wDino photos)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vggDRr_ydzQ&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Dean Martin-Everybody Loves Somebody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXJL7tlECg0&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Dion & The Belmonts - Where Or When
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2YI4lEK_wo&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Dion & The Belmonts- No One Knows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9VLtelUUMk&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Dion - Lovers Who Wander
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thNWwGGRMCk&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Elvis Presley - (Let Me be Your) Teddy Bear (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkDbk-egHH4&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Elvis Presley - Are You Lonesome Tonight wlyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cS5aCozhcA&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Elvis Presley- Loving you (lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMjWtohpShk&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Heartbeat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRmqC1vVDFs&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Honey - Dean Martin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLfDui09Yew&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

In the Still of the Night-The Five Satins-original song-1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRb1-SAAIzs&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

LISTEN TO ME. Buddy Holly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOR0P-lzbeg&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Patsy Cline - Someday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKnvwnhx5zI&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Paul Anka - Lonely Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxJepkZa_Ag&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Paul Anka - Put Your Head On My Shoulder (1959) HQ Audio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvxagNIBVLU&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Puppy Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyshr1hhv3E&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Rave On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-t4KSTGzSo0&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Ritchie Valens - We Belong Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkSfMj8D-7c&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Ritchie Valens-Donna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMcHbh6HBDk&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Sam Cooke - Unchained Melody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV8XwoIGo5M&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Sam Cooke~ Hits of the #50s~ #Too Young~A Classic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quiQ5qYK72U&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

The Penguins   That's How Much I Need You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ley0d2V-9xk&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

The Penguins   Want Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4g0fOxHtF8&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

The Penguins - Earth Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

The Platters - Only You - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5p2k55F-uag&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

The Platters - Twilight Time - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGwa2tw7Vws&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

True Love Ways  Buddy Holly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjFRHIhSvwc&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

Will Love Ever Come My Way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBEdS6UKgxk&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

You Belong to Me  -   Dean Martin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAdx_P8fSpA&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1

You've Got Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbsP8zx_t4k&list=PLNDhBcjuPp0-UCSML4DxFqqc5WN4aGcW1
1950s Love Songs