
10cc - I'm Not In Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STugQ0X1NoI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Abba - Dancing Queen (Official Music Video Remastered)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFrGuyw1V8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Abba - Knowing Me, Knowing You (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUrzicaiRLU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Abba - SOS (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvChjHcABPA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Abba - Take A Chance On Me (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-crgQGdpZR0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Abba - Voulez-Vous
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=za05HBtGsgU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Abba - Waterloo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sj_9CiNkkn4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Ambrosia - How Much I Feel (with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQB5qpxcixc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Anne Murray I Just Fall in Love Again (2003)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPZ9p5FdoXQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Baba O'Riley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIbMbXjbW98&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Baccara - Yes Sir, I Can Boogie (Starparade 02.06.1977) (VOD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32wDFCM7iSI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Barry Manilow - Mandy • TopPop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XeSQVWleqY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Bee Gees - You Should Be Dancing - Saturday Night Fever John Travolta USA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0lm58cet1g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Billy Joel - Just The Way You Are (from Old Grey Whistle Test)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkuJJsApACc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Blondie - Heart Of Glass (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGU_4-5RaxU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Boney M. - Rasputin (Sopot Festival 1979) (VOD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16y1AkoZkmQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Carly Simon - You're So Vain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j13oJajXx0M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Carpenters - Only Yesterday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evETS8_WFGE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Carpenters - Rainy Days And Mondays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjFoQxjgbrs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

CHIC - Le Freak (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXgSHL7efKg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Commodores - Sail On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg-ivWxy5KE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Conway Twitty - Hello Darlin' (1971).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hLrGjh0Mk8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Creedence Clearwater Revival - Run Through The Jungle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7PUPNxsRQ0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Dancing in the Moonlight (Original Recording) - King Harvest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5JqPxmYhlo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Dionne Warwick  I'll Never Love This Way Again (ORIGINAL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LO9NP-SiT8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Dr Hook -  Sharing The Night Together (1978)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_n_NgGWpR4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Earth, Wind & Fire - That's the Way of the World (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhW3P7_jvWY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Elton John - Don't Go Breaking My Heart (with Kiki Dee)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0qW9P-uYfM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Elton John - Rocket Man (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtVBCG6ThDk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

England Dan & John Ford Coley - I'd Really Love To See You Tonight.avi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuUVgKT4roQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Eric Clapton - Wonderful Tonight (Live Video)  Warner Vault
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUSzL2leaFM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Fleetwood Mac - Dreams (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3ywicffOj4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Gilbert O'Sullivan - Alone Again (original version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_P-v1BVQn8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Just When I Needed You Most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoMn41bFqVA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Kenny Rogers - The Gambler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hx4gdlfamo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Long Cool Woman in a Black Dress by The Hollies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0LTRPMpOVM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Mammas Don't Let Your Babies Grow up to Be Cowboys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i85ob2DackI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Neil Diamond  I Am... I Said
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhEaHcQgyLs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Rod Stewart - You're In My Heart (from One Night Only!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-xHOR8_ZSU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Simon & Garfunkel - Bridge over Troubled Water (from The Concert in Central Park)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrcwRt6J32o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Sometimes When We Touch - Dan Hill - Official Video 1994
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IATz8ZVTALo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Stevie Wonder-Isn't She Lovely Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVvkjuEAwgU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Sundown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kv8zyBi4ZXk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

The Carpenters - Yesterday Once More (INCLUDES LYRICS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTaWayUE5XA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

The Manhattans - Kiss and Say Goodbye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtjro7_R3-4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Todd Rundgren - Hello Its Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsezr0qiFIc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX

Zoom - Commodores
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPQz5nCn158&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCnsp1WWMqy-LHlvpCj_RuX
70s Pop Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1970's Pop Songs