
1.  .ahk


2.  2-32 - Empire Of The Sun - Keystone (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFmZHNCOBIU&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=47&t=0s

3.  2-42 - Empire Of The Sun - Way To Go (Gomez & Tritter Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epWP7_LCokI&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=49&t=0s

4.  3-07 - Empire Of The Sun - On Our Way Home (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpiZYtzhT9U&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=10&t=0s

5.  3-15 - Empire Of The Sun - Way To Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xg9ebVTL9yE&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=6&t=0s

6.  3-20 - Empire Of The Sun - Walking On A Dream (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eimgRedLkkU&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=2&t=0s

7.  3-30 - Empire Of The Sun - Lend Me Some Light (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEBOfZ0V_8U&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=48&t=0s

8.  3-34 - Empire Of The Sun - Alive (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPKAwJKGSDc&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=4&t=0s

9.  3-37 - Empire Of The Sun - Two Leaves (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_Je3cY2JGw&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=46&t=0s

10.  3-44 - Empire Of The Sun - High And Low (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntlpTad3PLM&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=5&t=0s

11.  4-08 - Empire of the Sun - DNA (The M Machine Remix for Helios).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6w2SYF0zHlY&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=52&t=0s

12.  4-25 - Empire Of The Sun - DNA (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDN08Ia7CNI&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=9&t=0s

13.  4-29 - Empire Of The Sun - Half Mast (Slight Return) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Z8R38QrBhM&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=8&t=0s

14.  4-30 - Empire Of The Sun - Keep A Watch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vx7VJE3Zvuc&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=45&t=0s

15.  4-35 - Empire Of The Sun The Art Of Driving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWyFhGpmFxI&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=50&t=0s

16.  4-41 - Empire Of The Sun - Standing On The Shore (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02_Lhj1gxO8&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=7&t=0s

17.  5-12 - Empire Of The Sun - We Are The People (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hN5X4kGhAtU&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=3&t=0s

18.  6-05 - Celebrate (The Dissociatives Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtiohX08zMU&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=51&t=0s

19.  Empire Of The Sun - Awakening (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFDsHqC7HC0&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=20&t=0s

20.  Empire Of The Sun - Before (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jn9bdAv2U0E&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=17&t=0s

21.  Empire of the Sun - Breakdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTGqvXzVaj4&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=42&t=0s

22.  Empire Of The Sun - Celebrate (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSauTBKoOqE&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=12&t=0s

23.  Empire of The Sun - Celebrate (Tommy Trash Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOGiIY_tuK4&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=39&t=0s

24.  Empire Of The Sun - Chrysalis (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXucw06v54w&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=13&t=0s

25.  Empire Of The Sun - Concert Pitch (Live At The Sydney Opera House).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrZrHWpIA-Y&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=19&t=0s

26.  Empire Of The Sun - Country.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0QYDwr8kwY&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=30&t=0s

27.  Empire of the sun - Delta Bay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPLM3Or4XYs&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=33&t=0s

28.  Empire Of The Sun - Digital Life (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBKKKRE_5Qg&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=34&t=0s

29.  Empire Of The Sun - Disarm (Lyrics) (Ice On The Dune 2013).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdvZZcVqXfo&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=31&t=0s

30.  Empire Of The Sun - Etude.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EpXR40wm1g&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=44&t=0s

31.  Empire Of The Sun - First Crush (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siuKE2rMXqc&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=27&t=0s

32.  Empire Of The Sun - Friends (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VoPfrXfk6bk&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=21&t=0s

33.  Empire Of The Sun - Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmYMM9PBJ90&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=43&t=0s

34.  Empire Of The Sun - Ice On The Dune (Live At The Sydney Opera House).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpckklTG8uk&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=25&t=0s

35.  Empire of the Sun - Old Flavours.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHkyFdsYw7M&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=15&t=0s

36.  Empire Of The Sun - Ride (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VVsL-G_2ro&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=29&t=0s

37.  Empire of the Sun - Romance To Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Wn_HjJ_UtQ&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=41&t=0s

38.  Empire of the Sun - Surround Sound.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hI3fhAX7AnQ&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=32&t=0s

39.  Empire of the sun - Swordfish hotkiss night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbyAtMkgrao&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=28&t=0s

40.  empire of the sun - the world.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XF46qPRD1WM&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=37&t=0s

41.  Empire Of The Sun - There's No Need (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eehJ9k5aKpI&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=24&t=0s

42.  empire of the sun - tiger by my side.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oO4dZR8SQpc&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=23&t=0s

43.  Empire Of The Sun - To Her Door (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZiNX0BYeQT4&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=36&t=0s

44.  Empire Of The Sun - Tonight (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11lHalUROE4&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=35&t=0s

45.  Empire Of The Sun - Two Vines (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T48WTcC243o&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=26&t=0s

46.  Empire Of The Sun - Wandering star (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iy06kZIaH9Y&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=16&t=0s

47.  Empire Of The Sun - Welcome To My Life (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sR1nQ14e0y0&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=38&t=0s

48.  Empire Of The Sun - Without You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVarVeryQFo&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=22&t=0s

49.  Empire Of The Sun - Zzz (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHYa5jvMo34&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=18&t=0s

50.  Empire of the Sun I'll Be Around.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dt_kKQjyN8E&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=14&t=0s

51.  Eric Prydz & Empire Of The Sun - We Are Mirage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNebOJbgnIw&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=11&t=0s

52.  Lux.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WH4raRAz2hU&list=PLwoOET_eN2ifqUJRWwJf0WSlJjkpKqnPl&index=40&t=0s
Playlist on Youtube