
5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Concrete Edition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5MJp7_LTkE&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Quarantine Edition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCEEplSRsd4&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Adventures in Vegan Cooking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ahNqOrn6Z0&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Christine and I Go Wig Shopping.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5fbZQU8gbY&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Cleaning Out My Closet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lisxvNEd5nQ&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Dyeing a Designer Sweater a Different Color.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnBEyhx19yk&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Dyeing My Hair Leopard Print.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1COWMxgjY8&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Dyeing My Hair the Louis Vuitton Pattern.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO7u0Te9uxQ&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Dyeing My Hair to Match the Sky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EVvLUlG0hI&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Going Through Every Old Report Card with My Mom (BRUTAL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FsxUJ9Fok0&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

I Bought Kylie Skin and Now It Hurts When I Pee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAxnSlSfnqM&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

I Bought My Dream Car Tesla Model 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYFvOZl0elw&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

I Did a Full Face of Makeup on My Face Mold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REiMC5NI9mY&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

I Dyed My Hair Burberry Plaid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdFe5smLt_s&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

i got laser hair removal...new asshole who dis  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eJfThUbnzA&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

I Made a Giant Vegan Ravioli.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nleSsLZTEcY&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

I Made a Mold of My Face (RIP Eyebrows).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ega51e2cHsY&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

I Made Everything Bagel Ice Cream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cir4Jlpnm9s&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

I Tried Those Earwax Candles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP5tm6SP464&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Making a Pair of $850 Platform Crocs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyHpJBTdRjw&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Most Likely To Roommates Edition (with Christine Sydelko & Andrew Lowe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge7vI_1eqo8&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Oh Rainbow, Im gonna add that to the list of baby names.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGBrod37UbE&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

so i got a little work done... (please dont be mad)  Chris Klemens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAi-Dp5hgI0&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

The Ultimate Mukbang with Trisha Paytas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfyKM996ylQ&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Things I Bought High.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGcOlcek9jA&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Trying Every Hot Sauce at My Grocery Store.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLC0AQ2RnK8&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Trying to Do Basic Things with Acrylic Nails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCkZmpOGWec&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS

Vegan Fast Food Taste Test.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5PiAfK2JGE&list=PLHKtYCbTwwK82VTchJYz4ccgVXSDL44pS
best of chris klemens