
ABOUT CATS....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_O6R_P-koEg&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

Ask Gryphon  What's Your Favorite Thing to Pee On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGKvmIgSpu8&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

BAD MOVIE TRAILER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiJNNySoEyg&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

CARTOON NETWORK CHARACTERS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ruh7ncmp0jw&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

DISAPPEARING ACT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMS4g7P2OUc&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

DOG LOOKS IN THE MIRROR!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUnix9VZ4Ds&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

Dog vs Tesla Windshield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_7E1MCNsEM&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

DOGGY BLACKMAIL - TOBY AND GRYPHON.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DkEKHSC7x0&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

EVIL TALKING DOG!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yz14i8OIKqc&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

FAKE IT 'TIL YOU MAKE IT! - Gryphon Commercial Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5PutrG4YAU&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

FULL OF SH tzu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJCmWY_u9aY&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

GRYPHON COMMERCIAL EMOTIONAL MASK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvExDa2_XeQ&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

GRYPHON HATES HUMANS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kTB_ZUIbHY&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

GRYPHON LAUGHS SO HARD HE PEES HIMSELF.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRevG5JyKZ8&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

GRYPHON the TALKING DOG (feat. JACKSFILMS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TcIkrEBmcE&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

GRYPHON'S COMMERCIAL SERIES - START HERE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Und1o5K1FJ8&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

GUESS WHAT!  - The Talking Dog Show (feat. Tobuscus).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oY1i0jJ37hc&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

I CALLED THE COPS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcNHG8W5-_I&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

I'M GETTING MARRIED!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-BVIKHL1Ic&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

I'M IN LOVE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MtVECu5k9E&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

IDENTITY THEFT!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JLoP50C3_I&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

Justin Bieber Deposition PARODY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9KvD5sIqo8&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

MAGIC TRICK!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JozoTPhp_6c&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

MAGIC WIZARD GRYPHON!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyIUgB5Xeow&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

MICHELLE OBAMA'S TALKING DOG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJbOfARsruQ&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

MINI-MINOTAUR VS GRYPHON.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQVp-AxYTg8&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

MOVIE TRAILER VOICE OVER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtkdO1yc930&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

MY CHILDHOOD....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AzBNkSBjFY&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

MY DOG IS TRANS(-species) [Toby & Gryphon] (1096683).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezaF7sFelSE&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

MY DOG IS TRANS(-species) [Toby & Gryphon].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezaF7sFelSE&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

MY DOG WENT TO COLLEGE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqVOLyMl7ug&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

Puppy Love CHAINSAW!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gitOIfe-6Ss&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

QUICKSAND! (Stop Motion Animated Tobuscus Adventures #3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7PRzeDum3A&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

SRY LADIES (.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HihRAC-jZa4&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

THIS DOG CAN TALK!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iB86nV-J_Zw&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

Tobuscus Adventures SNOWBALL FIGHT! (Stop Motion Animation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkYgO6WIpTY&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

TOBUSCUS COPIED ADVENTURE TIME - GRYPHON TV COMMERCIALS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2WnMZPXUx0&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

TOBY Vs. DOG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAxlY8ipIRI&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

TRAPPED in a COMMERCIAL KFC.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sL4bUO-0G7M&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

TRAPPED in MY DOG'S COMMERCIAL Ting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxnyWwLNVfs&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

WE DID IT, GRYPHON! - Tobuscus Adventures The Game - UPDATE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njzX9ZiZvPo&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

WHO IS HARRY POTTER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mP9WMhu9BTA&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ

YOUR QUESTIONS ANSWERED (by Gryphon).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i94tVrMinfw&list=PLjMyftFeAnd316p_ukyT1TNyzXRDy1bQJ
Tobuscus & Gryphon