
72578.  A brain in a supercomputer  Henry Markram.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LS3wMC2BpxU

72580.  Aaron Huey America's native prisoners of war.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tEuaj4h8dw

72583.  Andrew McAfee Are droids taking our jobs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMF-Z74C1QE

72587.  Baba Shiv Sometimes it's good to give up the driver's seat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tal0NkWW1E

72592.  Barry Schuler An introduction to genomics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xJXZBCOWMY

72598.  Becky Blanton The year I was homeless.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvvjDOtS2sw

72605.  Benoit Mandelbrot Fractals and the art of roughness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay8OMOsf6AQ

72613.  Bjorn Lomborg Global priorities bigger than climate change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dtbn9zBfJSs

72622.  Bruce Bueno de Mesquita predicts Iran's future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts5MKtXNpMQ

72632.  Bruce Schneier The security mirage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQJC2MMB8nA

72643.  Carl Safina The oil spill's unseen culprits, victims.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gouSXt2zE4

72655.  Class Day Lecture 2009 The Uniqueness of Humans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrCVu25wQ5s

72668.  Dan Barber A surprising parable of foie gras.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvrgD0mAFoU

72682.  Daniel Goldstein The battle between your present and future self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1Z_oufuQg4

72697.  Daniel Wolpert The real reason for brains.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s0CpRfyYp8

72713.  Dave deBronkart Meet e-Patient Dave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTxvic-NnAM

72730.  Deb Roy The birth of a word.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RE4ce4mexrU

72748.  Ed Gavagan A story about knots and surgeons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhMi0tkYyT8

72767.  Eric Mead The magic of the placebo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cb_6PPBJJB8

72787.  Eric Topol The wireless future of medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTZM9X3JfTk

72808.  Ethan Zuckerman How to listen to global voices.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXPJVwwEmiM

72830.  Exploring the mind of a killer  Jim Fallon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2V0vOFexY4

72853.  Gary Flake is Pivot a turning point for web exploration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LT_x9s67yWA

72877.  Geoffrey West The surprising math of cities and corporations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyCY6mjWOPc

72902.  Golan Levin makes art that looks back at you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G0MzlfMPuM

72928.  Hans Rosling Debunking third-world myths with the best stats you've ever seen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUwS1uAdUcI

72955.  How algorithms shape our world  Kevin Slavin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDaFwnOiKVE

72983.  How architecture helped music evolve  David Byrne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Se8kcnU-uZw

73012.  How Arduino is open-sourcing imagination  Massimo Banzi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoBUXOOdLXY

73042.  How great leaders inspire action  Simon Sinek (1439169).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp0HIF3SfI4

73073.  How great leaders inspire action  Simon Sinek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp0HIF3SfI4

73105.  How to spot a liar  Pamela Meyer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_6vDLq64gE

73138.  Iain Hutchison Saving faces.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5ZJ6bK1EIc

73172.  If I should have a daughter ...  Sarah Kay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0snNB1yS3IE

73207.  Impossible photography  Erik Johansson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mc0vhSseGk4

73243.  Isabel Behncke Evolution's gift of play, from bonobo apes to humans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjBwhwe5-cc

73280.  Jason Clay How big brands can help save biodiversity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcp5vvxtEaU

73318.  Jonathan Drori Why we don't understand as much as we think.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hJCxSiH4ts

73357.  Joshua Walters On being just crazy enough.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruvWiXowiZ8

73397.  Juan Enriquez The life-code that will reshape the future (1715581).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KdOPY1Iqiw

73438.  Juan Enriquez The life-code that will reshape the future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KdOPY1Iqiw

73480.  Kevin Kelly The next 5,000 days of the web.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDYCf4ONh5M

73523.  Leah Buechley How to sketch with electronics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTBp0Z5GPeI

73567.  Let the environment guide our development  Johan Rockstrom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgqtrlixYR4

73612.  Let's use video to reinvent education  Salman Khan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTFEUsudhfs

73658.  Lewis Pugh's mind-shifting Mt. Everest swim.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QISHX5UKky0

73705.  Marcel Dicke Why not eat insects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6GimGZz6a8

73753.  Michael Pritchard How to make filthy water drinkable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXepkIWPhFQ

73802.  Molly Crockett Beware neuro-bunk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b64qvG2Jgro

73852.  Neil Pasricha The 3 A's of awesome.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPE0G00XFV0

73903.  New experiments in self-teaching  Sugata Mitra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk60sYrU2RU

73955.  Nic Marks The Happy Planet Index.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1o3FS0awtk

74008.  Omar Ahmad Political change with pen and paper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWhLSORCwW0

74062.  Paul Bloom The origins of pleasure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPicL1AWrs8

74117.  Paul Root Wolpe It's time to question bio-engineering.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovV7v2XYJAI

74173.  Paul Zak Trust, morality - and oxytocin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFAdlU2ETjU

74230.  Richard Seymour How beauty feels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiXd_9DFCOQ

74288.  Rob Hopkins Transition to a world without oil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8meWY0W40OA

74347.  Rob Legato The art of creating awe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luoKOkTxOtU

74407.  Robert Full Learning from the gecko's tail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3syTrElgcg

74468.  Robert Neuwirth The power of the informal economy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONM4JupBz_E

74530.  Rory Sutherland Perspective is everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iueVZJVEmEs

74593.  Science can answer moral questions  Sam Harris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj9oB4zpHww

74657.  Scott Fraser The problem with eyewitness testimony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buhMdC7MO0U

74722.  Scott McCloud Understanding comics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXYckRgsdjI

74788.  Sebastian Seung I am my connectome.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HA7GwKXfJB0

74855.  Secrets of success in 8 words, 3 minutes  Richard St. John.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6bbMQXQ180

74923.  Sendhil Mullainathan Solving social problems with a nudge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBJQENjZJaA

74992.  Shea Hembrey How I became 100 artists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpROaNue9GM

75062.  Sir Martin Rees Earth in its final century.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qF26MbYgOA

75133.  Teach every child about food  Jamie Oliver.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=go_QOzc79Uc

75205.  TEDxNYED - Jeff Jarvis - 030610.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTOLkm5hNNU

75278.  The freakonomics of McDonalds vs. drugs  Steven Levitt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UGC2nLnaes

75352.  The game that can give you 10 extra years of life  Jane McGonigal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfBpsV1Hwqs

75427.  The happy secret to better work  Shawn Achor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLJsdqxnZb0

75503.  The history of our world in 18 minutes  David Christian.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqc9zX04DXs

75580.  The magic washing machine  Hans Rosling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZoKfap4g4w

75658.  The new era of positive psychology  Martin Seligman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FBxfd7DL3E

75737.  The next species of human  Juan Enriquez.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNcLKbJs3xk

75817.  The opportunity of adversity  Aimee Mullins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTwXeZ4GkzI

75898.  The paradox of choice  Barry Schwartz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VO6XEQIsCoM

75980.  The pattern behind self-deception  Michael Shermer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_6-iVz1R0o

76063.  The power of introverts  Susan Cain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0KYU2j0TM4

76147.  The psychology of evil  Philip Zimbardo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsFEV35tWsg

76232.  The surprising decline in violence  Steven Pinker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ramBFRt1Uzk

76318.  The surprising science of happiness  Dan Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4q1dgn_C0AU

76405.  The tribes we lead  Seth Godin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQGYr9bnktw

76493.  Thulasiraj Ravilla How low-cost eye care can be world-class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5QCM1_gVGA

76582.  Tim Berners-Lee The next Web of open, linked data.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OM6XIICm_qo

76672.  Tim Berners-Lee The year open data went worldwide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YcZ3Zqk0a8

76763.  Tim Harford Trial, error and the God complex.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5wCfYujRdE

76855.  Timothy Prestero Design for people, not awards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpldYJ3sSIo

76948.  Tom Shannon The painter and the pendulum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPA-rQyKeLY

77042.  Try something new for 30 days  Matt Cutts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnfBXjWm7hc

77137.  Turning trash into toys for learning  Arvind Gupta.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnCqR2yUXoU

77233.  Understanding the rise of China  Martin Jacques.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imhUmLtlZpw

77330.  Underwater astonishments  David Gallo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVvn8dpSAt0

77428.  Unveiling the genius of multi-touch interface design  Jeff Han.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac0E6deG4AU

77527.  Use art to turn the world inside out  JR.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PAy1zBtTbw

77627.  Wadah Khanfar A historic moment in the Arab world.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKQnL9Mmgng

77728.  Wade Davis Cultures at the far edge of the world.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bL7vK0pOvKI

77830.  What you don't know about marriage  Jenna McCarthy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8u42OjH0ss

77933.  Why the universe seems so strange  Richard Dawkins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1APOxsp1VFw

78037.  Why we do what we do  Tony Robbins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cpc-t-Uwv1I

78142.  Why we make bad decisions  Dan Gilbert (1759086).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4

78248.  Why we make bad decisions  Dan Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4

78355.  Why we think it's OK to cheat and steal (sometimes)  Dan Ariely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUdsTizSxSI

78463.  Wii remote hacks  Johnny Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgKCrGvShZs

78572.  Your body language may shape who you are  Amy Cuddy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks-_Mh1QhMc
Best Ted Talks lectures - life changing content