
1.  1. C# For Beginners Introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpc86RF7mVI

2.  10. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Scope and Statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVfQkRYPMAU

3.  11. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96vtXG0HFrU

4.  12. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Creating and Using Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGfcpTiEpz0

5.  13. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Numeric Types.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_2fYL8731Q

6.  14. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using Numeric Types.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTTdpvxjRkI

7.  15. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Suffixes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ulydjj1ZITY

8.  16. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Basic Arithmetic Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9l0LEtQe-I

9.  17. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Explicit Conversions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efFEvfpLAhI

10.  18. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Increment and Decrement Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxCUcZmcXlg

11.  19. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Strings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrMcer2uIrE

12.  2. C# For Beginners  Section Outline - Installing and Using Visual Studio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1CO-3E6r9Q

13.  20. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using Strings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mkljgGm3vs

14.  21. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Arrays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFO2bDZlYgs

15.  22. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using Array Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbN-KdTxnQI

16.  23. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Debugging Code.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2h0GZ7i5MQQ

17.  24. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Debugging Code Demo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW97otBCCAY

18.  25. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Section Outline - Control Flow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx_B77zzN3A

19.  26. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Relational Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEFM9ZoI8_s

20.  27. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using Relational Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyG5WTc9X2E

21.  28. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Logical Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFo4fUDYqO0

22.  29. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using Logical Operators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkGZy884GFc

23.  3. C# For Beginners Downloading And Installing Visual Studio 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5P_q6Q01vdU

24.  30. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) If Else Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzGE3kcqjCY

25.  31. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Else If Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-mdmerf8rs

26.  32. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Switch Case Statement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svNoCxjN7-w

27.  33. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) While Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfNRUfbmxyk

28.  34. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using A While Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-3mfrt-2XE

29.  35. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Do While Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0tNeULI85s

30.  36. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) For Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tl8KXmTcZZM

31.  37. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Foreach Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEAssu-KWIg

32.  38. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Jumping Statements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qohRcb-zfvM

33.  39. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Try Catch Blocks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYmRJDBnKWw

34.  4. C# For Beginners Creating a Solution and Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyhG0vcd8-Q

35.  40. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Section Outline - Classes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=is8C1cPgpeo

36.  41. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) What Are Classes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYknzBP7oH8

37.  42. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Creating A Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4L9ZpLfxgFA

38.  43. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Declaring A Method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiDJyUzgUT8

39.  44. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Parameters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQvopXBgeVw

40.  45. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Declaring A Property.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PevvPARvoAk

41.  46. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Declaring An Object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TX8oSkUOrx8

42.  47. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Using An Object.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsMJkfDHmYw

43.  48. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Property Shortcuts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTN36Myf_Lw

44.  49. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Method Overloading And Signatures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrGJBGxe9SY

45.  5. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Visual Studio Windows and Navigation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBUXVM3kEa8

46.  50. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Class Constructors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WawbhaxTul0

47.  51. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Classes and Reference Types.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAEPP6102VI

48.  52. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Section Outline - Object Oriented Programming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPQRHb_7gOc

49.  53. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Object Oriented Programming and The Pillars of OOP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DZFnTiyiN4

50.  54. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Encapsulation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZ84k4euSEY

51.  55. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Inheritance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBapjY-AnMQ

52.  56. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Polymorphism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3meJ6GYd1uw

53.  57. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Abstraction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6rd0fCaqAM

54.  58. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Interfaces.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OexOnor-LCM

55.  59. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Section Outline - Odds And Ends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIfmN64WU1A

56.  6. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Solution and Project Properties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4On73tR3p0E

57.  60. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Generics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yecylMUrbUY

58.  61. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Collections.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQx4D3IZ824

59.  62. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Adding Projects and References.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUWp9E66y_A

60.  63. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) NuGet Packages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCEUOvwxKtg

61.  64. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Conclusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kEOjTSoUcQg

62.  7. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Section Outline - Basic Concepts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrJgGibIdao

63.  8. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) Writing Your First Code.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bn0bJy7QTvI

64.  9. (C# Basics Beginner Tutorial) .NET Framework.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXwJGIqk3lI

65.  Async and await in C# example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5VhaxQWcpE

66.  c# wait for thread to finish without blocking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgHYVPKJRX8

67.  Part 1 - C# Tutorial - Introduction.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXmVym6L8dw

68.  Part 10 - C# Tutorial - If statement in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TIAA-vgNeY

69.  Part 100   Func delegate in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Q4LKCIYrzQ

70.  Part 11 - C# Tutorial - switch statement in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soKhwNYxs2I

71.  Part 12 - C# Tutorial - switch statement in c# continued.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iORcA42zptA

72.  Part 13 - C# Tutorial - while loop in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xlc9qzOQmk

73.  Part 14 - C# Tutorial - do while loop in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7fVZZeNXec

74.  Part 15 - C# Tutorial - for and foreach loops in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zbFaDbADsQ

75.  Part 16 - C# Tutorial - Methods in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4hOXIG8yPo

76.  Part 17 - C# Tutorial - Method parameters.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xYSFbUPP0E

77.  Part 18 - C# Tutorial - Namespaces.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQTbvVemMAg

78.  Part 19 - C# Tutorial - Introduction to classes.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Us2i7D-urgs

79.  Part 2 - C# Tutorial - Reading and writing to a console.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QcHJ33YrYk

80.  Part 20 - C# Tutorial - Static and instance class members.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFQLmHCguGs

81.  Part 21 - C# Tutorial - Inheritance in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLTk0xAVY00

82.  Part 22 - C# Tutorial - Method hiding in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FhagHE3nw8

83.  Part 23 - C# Tutorial - Polymorphism in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4a_iTOtGhM8

84.  Part 24 - C# Tutorial - Difference between method overriding and method hiding.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Igt-X-9WF8

85.  Part 25 - C# Tutorial - Method overloading in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSYpddX1jVI

86.  Part 26 - C# Tutorial - Why Properties.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYXQH2QFmqk

87.  Part 27 - C# Tutorial - Properties in C#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGR425gMKeA

88.  Part 28 - C# Tutorial - Structs in C#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8DZqt3tCr4

89.  Part 29 - C# Tutorial - Difference between classes and structs in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGNW0jH1sn0

90.  Part 3 - C# Tutorial - Built - in types.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3k5d6xub-E

91.  Part 30 - C# Tutorial - Interfaces in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6d8CIVoYSI

92.  Part 31 - C# Tutorial - Explicit interfaces implementation.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5C7W98VVI88

93.  Part 32 - C# Tutorial - Abstract classes in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7amjs2y_dgo

94.  Part 33 - C# Tutorial - Difference between abstract classes and interfaces.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlLqvwocSr4

95.  Part 34 - C# Tutorial - Problems of multiple class inheritance.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KFCD-DxEhw

96.  Part 35 - C# Tutorial - Multiple class inheritance using interfaces.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Huj3Jbz-NFw

97.  Part 36 - C# Tutorial - Delegates in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2h46fvQX04

98.  Part 37 - C# Tutorial - Delegates usage in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBOzvNO8lvk

99.  Part 38 - C# Tutorial - Delegates usage in c# continued.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0tkKZoMN1Y

100.  Part 39   C# Tutorial   Multicast Delegates in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uJYp9NIhfQ

101.  Part 4 - C# Tutorial - String type in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5g3TTPaGVzE

102.  Part 40   C# Tutorial   Exception Handling in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxdSb3ZCWYc

103.  Part 41   C# Tutorial   Inner Exceptions in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MO3sOTWfZPc

104.  Part 42   C# Tutorial   Custom Exceptions in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9qHb-2Edg7o

105.  Part 43   C# Tutorial   Exception handling abuse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anbiOWXem98

106.  Part 44   C# Tutorial   Preventing exception handling abuse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiIpETRweVo

107.  Part 45   C# Tutorial   Why Enums.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-LJlrMXZ5k

108.  Part 46   C# Tutorial   Enums Example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsTVTCP-c4w

109.  Part 47   C# Tutorial   Enums in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2f5R8NdIdzc

110.  Part 48   C# Tutorial   Difference between Types and Type Members.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6WWi6t-C1c

111.  Part 49   C# Tutorial   Access Modifiers in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G238zPCJBu4

112.  Part 5 - C# Tutorial - Common Operators in c#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFWwWcZ74gU

113.  Part 50   C# Tutorial   Internal and Protected Internal Access Modifiers in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2h27E7Yw2E8

114.  Part 51   C# Tutorial   Access Modifiers for types.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfJY1X7XSco

115.  Part 52   C# Tutorial   Attributes in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWZXj27-6Cw

116.  Part 53   C# Tutorial   Reflection in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8-uq6Ur7Dc

117.  Part 54   C# Tutorial Reflection Example.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHHd3GNOuXU

118.  Part 55   C# Tutorial   Late binding using reflection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0eIgl5iqqQ

119.  Part 56   C# Tutorial   Generics in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zHRmXkJ5Bw

120.  Part 57 C# Tutorial Why should you override ToString Method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwPZLPNR3ns

121.  Part 58 C# Tutorial Why should you override Equals Method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhXWil0kcTo

122.  Part 59 C# Tutorial Difference between Convert ToString and ToString.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8QODekVo58

123.  Part 6 - C# Tutorial - Nullable Types.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuLJbiqpIM0

124.  Part 60 C# Tutorial Difference between String and StringBuilder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lFAs6FYTXg

125.  Part 61  Partial classes in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNCkrtmqpW0

126.  Part 62   Creating partial classes in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eB7UhLBW87U

127.  Part 63   Partial methods in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDlR24_sPTo

128.  Part 64 - C# Tutorial - How and where are indexers used in .net.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHj8HHCjQU0

129.  Part 65 - C# Tutorial - Indexers in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=km1hd9-dVz4

130.  Part 66 - C# Tutorial - Overloading indexers in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teBsjG20TW4

131.  Part 67 Optional parameters in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbtjGii300k

132.  Part 68  Making method parameters optional using method overloading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khcOI3-Kh84

133.  Part 69  Making method parameters optional by specifying parameter defaults.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dmycz0ro1Yc

134.  Part 7   C# Tutorial   Datatypes conversion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcDaNmGDMoM

135.  Part 70  Making method parameters optional by using OptionalAttribute.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_9f5SSXxLw

136.  Part 71   Code snippets in visual studio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBmb_3Uv5xI

137.  Part 72   What is dictionary in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMjt6ywaSow

138.  Part 73   What is dictionary in c# continued.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8QbpMxO_As

139.  Part 74   List collection class in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXyoJA579QI

140.  Part 75   List collection class in c# continued.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DKvOREiLBg

141.  Part 76   Working with generic list class and ranges in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASGgnLD4C-E

142.  Part 77   Sort a list of simple types in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHqg6qOn4no

143.  Part 78   Sort a list of complex types in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bUI6r19z-s

144.  Part 79   Sort a list of complex types using Comparison delegate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMQ-RRh2FR8

145.  Part 8 - C# Tutorial - Arrays in C#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sqUaw4g_iQ

146.  Part 80   Some useful methods of List collection class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdiOQWwMXCE

147.  Part 81   When to use a dictionary over list in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOatGvMrt68

148.  Part 82   Generic queue collection class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ffr_qo0BbM

149.  Part 83   Generic stack collection class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sn6Qa26EeQc

150.  Part 84   Real time example of queue collection class in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIs7ZsMCUWA

151.  Part 85   Real time example of stack collection class in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lz8BVFmCX6E

152.  Part 86   Multithreading in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mjqXiggWNc

153.  Part 87   Advantages and disadvantages of multithreading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QyeiwdymGU

154.  Part 88   ThreadStart delegate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzW4DdlPCEo

155.  Part 89   ParameterizedThreadStart delegate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGKn2sOZBGg

156.  Part 9 - C# Tutorial - Comments in C#.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRgAAokHBNw

157.  Part 90   Passing data to the Thread function in a type safe manner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asSMDgkwIvw

158.  Part 91   Retrieving data from Thread function using callback method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnaLAIpRUws

159.  Part 92   Significance of Thread Join and Thread IsAlive functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjvMr12TU1Q

160.  Part 93   Protecting shared resources from concurrent access in multithreading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjzplzR8E3U

161.  Part 94   Difference between Monitor and lock in C#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9jJKPVxD7c

162.  Part 95   Deadlock in a multithreaded program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMCyZLYVODI

163.  Part 96   How to resolve a deadlock in a multithreaded program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=px4bXKYb2-Y

164.  Part 97   Performance of a multithreaded program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDCAMwTgiZU

165.  Part 98   Anonymous methods in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4trl43Ycksg

166.  Part 99   Lambda expression in c#.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDgQ-spnrYY
C# Tutorial For Beginners