
10th Day of Christmas  Heat Embossed Festive Drinking Glasses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8grL16CNB5M

10th Day Of Christmas 2016 - Chocolate Lolly SantaFather Christmas Holder Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-DbDNDO4_w

10th Day of Christmas 2018  Wreath Shaped Christmas Card Using Dies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPr9ZVjfJyI

11th Day of Christmas  Stampin'Up!  Mini Pinwheel PouchesCards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTWOZyOC2aU

11th Day Of Christmas 2016 - Small Hanging Treat Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKfItsMUQVk

11th Day of Christmas 2018  Simple Paper bag Mini AlbumBrag book
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDntu8KJjiM

12 Days of Christmas 2020  Festive Train Gift Box Tutorial  Day 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDNbI48t6Zw

12th Day of Christmas  DIY Foiling On Treat Boxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dw9yso-6CfA

12th Day Of Christmas 2016 - Ferrero Rocher Stacked Gift Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzPyMwYJHwU

12th Day of Christmas 2018  Mini Pizza Box Table Favours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BotKJT0VZOk

1st Day of Christmas - Stampin'Up! Large Pretty Snowflake Gift Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruh6swCQFcA

1st Day of Christmas 2017  2 in 1 Planner & December Daily - PART 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqWKIDuKts8

1st Day of Christmas 2017  Part 1  Christmas Planner Walk through
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RE0NIA4Gyuw

1st Day of Christmas 2018  Light Up Mason Jar Decoration Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4olFaViNA0

1st Day of Christmas 2019  Black Ice Technique with Colour Inks  Festive Cards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdmahYKBt-8

1st Time Using Fabri-Tac Glue  What Did I Think of it!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPri_6Bs5eU

2016 2017 Stampin'UP! Haul from the new annual catalogue Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oTwXdFAn4g

2016-2017 Stampin'Up! Haul From The New Annual Catalogue Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zz4LfmonxR4

2nd Day Of Christmas 2016 - Christmas Treat Gift Bag Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6NKGp_B_Ko

2nd Day of Christmas 2017  Pinwheel Christmas Cards & Envelopes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HY7Ogphw87c

2nd Day of Christmas 2018  Book of Candy Gift Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8b0_JhHzr70

2nd Day of Christmas 2019  Light Up Ornament Collab with Paper Discovery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdNEjN07MyQ

3D Forest Christmas Card Tutorial With Stampin'Up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ftweHwYES0

3rd Day Of Christmas 2016 - Woodland Foxy Friends Reindeer Christmas Card Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IctFJzMIv2s

3rd Day of Christmas 2017 - Tower of Gift Boxes & Tying the Perfect Bow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxZanhYc9pY

3rd Day of Christmas 2018  Envelope Split Page Mini Album PART 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YYesVwi_08

3rd Day of Christmas 2018  Envelope Split Page Mini Album PART 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1k1rixUBIE

3rd Day of Christmas 2019  Giant Exploding Gift Box  Holds 64 Ferrero Rochers  Nitwit Collections
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3NsvauDtbg

4th Day Of Christmas 2016 - Small Tartan Christmas Gift Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pofaUjZSOJE

4th Day of Christmas 2017  Pillow Pocket Treat Pouches For Candy Canes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQtHSdoJiG8

4th Day of Christmas 2018  Faux Acetate Treat Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNOudO8RGQI

4th Day of Christmas Day 2019  Christmas Popcorn boxes & Making Popcorn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Uisi4lXpXQ

5th Day of Christmas 2016 - Gingerbread Man Trio Christmas Card Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pe4ccMIW9Ik

5th Day of Christmas 2017  Festive Light Up Lantern & Discount Code
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3_2W_HMLRE

5th Day of Christmas 2018  Musical Gift Box Stack with Red Car & Tree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ityWyh_L9YQ

5th Day of Christmas 2019  Easy Christmas Eve Box Ideas & Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS-s0_Yrv30

6th Day of Christmas  Chocolate Bar Gift Box With Window
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wB6n5Jr2uVQ

6th Day Of Christmas 2016 - Reindeer Ferrero Rocher Christmas Cracker Stampin'Up! Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvtlo0C4tnc

6th Day of Christmas 2018  Paper Star Ornaments  HUGE & Tiny Ones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=patGIBQCwZs

6th Day of Christmas 2019  Fun Party Wear for Christmas & New Year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9amPZ83dYTI

75`% Off Craft Magazines Sale  Black Friday Offer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFR5DeRyPcs

7th Day of Christmas  Stampin'Up! Gift Card Wallet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1FLf2aVG_U

7th Day Of Christmas 2016 - Stampin'Up! Gold & Silver Snowflake Tile Coaster Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6Fk4xBJ4i4

7th Day of Christmas 2018  Matching Christmas Cards & Gift Tags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0cp6Pg8RD4

7th Day of Christmas 2019  Loaded Paperbag Pocket Pouches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1b64uxXSy8

8th Day of Christmas  Guest Room Door Hanger Pillow Boxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qs9xEWrPznw

8th Day Of Christmas 2016 - Giftbox Punch Board Snowflake Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAggMtjdwSY

8th Day of Christmas 2018  Square Pillow Box Favour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCcKvQFWZss

8th Day of Christmas Part 1  Mini Album with Cascading Pocket Pages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WL-sHmjZj4k

8th Day of Christmas Part 2  Decorating the Cascade Mini Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJ-KSqhjNhI

9th Day of Christmas  Curly Paper Christmas Wreath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbmXTnLVlGc

9th Day Of Christmas - Christmas Gift Card Money Treat Pouch With Card Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1OFOham5RQ

9th Day of Christmas 2018  How to Make Coordinated Gift Packaging with 123 Punch Board
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-Qv05SyRaE

Adorable Mini Take Out Boxes  Host the BEST Movie Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeHhy7CMZ8Q

Advent Calendar Die Set Assembly Instructions  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0S9dFK_FMeg

Amazing  Hexagonal Exploding Memory Box Dies  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhnTde_dOjE

Amazing Water Slide Decals for Mugs with ALTENEW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt8qYv-ePWI

AtlasMap Covers For Traveler's NotebookJournal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDVp_oAqOrU

AutumnFallThanksgiving Cards With Stampin'Up! Vintage Leaves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMzU-lBkO9c

Back To Basics  Heat Embossing Without Versamark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvofmV2U-os

Back To Basics Heat Embossing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mymtCzgxCSY

Beautiful Printables From NitWit Collections & Little Announcement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BDmq03YITk

Black & Gold Birthday Card with Timeless Textures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zb0h-A1-0Ec

Black Friday Offers on Simply Made Crafts! MUST SEE!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iG6Hjh5WmY8

Black Ice Technique  Gold & Silver Christmas Cards  Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKjzLpZp5l4

Bold BlackWhite & Pink Rose Card With Stampin'Up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Roq-3l4cVSg

BONUS  Christmas in July 2018  Envelope & Card Mini Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_PBVvzSfE4

Burger Gift Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSfB4CjQmRk

Candy Cane Lane Paperbag Mini Album (12 Days Of Christmas Series BONUS PROJECT)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bQu4ByTkao

Christmas 2017 BONUS  Ultimate Christmas Mini Album  PART ONE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_5L47XF4V0

Christmas Bonus Ultimate Mini Album PART THREE  Adding Elastic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACvs4ydvq7A

Christmas Bonus Ultimate Mini Album PART TWO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgjGMAo1rrA

Christmas Craft Magazine Reviews - Amazing Free Gifts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSHp2q3lMHQ

Christmas Exploding Gift Box Die  Simply Made Crafts Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnWAki01BHw

Christmas in July 2018  Shopping Haul  Let's Get Ready! Part 1 - RE-UPLOADED VERSION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=39ICy1aQomE

Christmas in July 2019  Day 1  Mini Cracker Box for Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rB5MoP5__JQ

Christmas in July 2019  Day 2  Paperbag Mini Album with Lid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QBdfYozj04A

Christmas in July 2019  Day 3  Rolodex Style Flip Christmas Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbxKh7stk-g

Christmas in July 2019  Day 4  Snowflake Wrapped Treat Bags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ob2T5QbhOY

Christmas In July 2020  Light Up Jar Ornament - London Taxi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdFNrL9ReEg

Christmas in July 2020  Mini Album with Case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAChQp231fg

Christmas in July 2021  Festive Elf Gift Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6SQALWaDVig

Christmas in July 2021  Starts 8th July at 7pm (GMT+1)  New Intro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bgl85MMX2yo

Christmas In July BONUS  Giant Twist & Pop Folio Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8Mxk0TH8Ek

Christmas In July DAY 1  Mini ChampagneWine Gift Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEWXjhqm1MM

Christmas In July DAY 2  Scandinavian Style Gift Box  Thornton's Chocolates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3lO47FkJpP4

Christmas In July DAY 3  Luxury Champagne Presentation Gift Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CjfV-QBvd8

Christmas In July DAY 4  Mini Glitter Pillow Boxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lPDedcF2Pg

Christmas In July DAY 5  Ferrero Rocher Layered Gift Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rvx05mSuUK4

Christmas in July Shopping Haul Part 2 - Crafter's Companion Winter Wonderland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBOCFIMHKOM

Christmas in London Mini Album  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MckpFeRI_-0

Christmas Mistletoe Wreath Card  Free Magazine Altenew Stamps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g23CYujKoFg

Christmas Papercraft Magazines Review 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNzg9x3gU2E

Christmas Suitcase with Memory Index Cards  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqsGhQo8Ox4

Christmas Treats & Quick Envelope Mini Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VT0-dfveBxY

Clean & Simple Card with Stampin'Up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYihidrfc-M

CLIP  Jumping presents in action
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHznXFeUgS0

Close Shut Fries Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ph5mski1r0I

Coaster - DIY Motorbike Tile Coaster Set (Easy!) With Stampin'Up! One Wild Ride
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKLFDEnS4r4

Coffee Cup GiftTreat Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1MBrzPO7lU

Craft Haul  January 2019  New Ink Pads!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3Jo79lNRXI

Craft Haul  November 2020  What's New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekXd5Hq7MGQ

Craft Haul  UK Craft Magazines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhtSUJO0iSg

Craft Haul  UK Craft Supplies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIW7OsfodOw

Craft Haul  UK Magazines & Papercraft Society Unboxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5lCLgZM7c0

Craft Haul & Christmas  - Stampin'Up!, Crafter's Companion, Hobbycraft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOVxprLsyIQ

CRAFT HAUL JUNE 2018 & MONTH IN REVIEW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ni4Nb-v8rEI

Craft Haul May 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQT8lGjmq6A

Craft Haul September 2018 - More Christmas!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCGfse9x0PY

Craftalong with With Helen Griffin  Book your place  Picnic Hamper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrpGzOUwcWw

CRAFTELIER Craft Haul  Mini Album Supplies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9w6YR-4wnHM

CraftStash Boxing Day Sale & 50`% off Magazines!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3X9wTl43uI

CraftWorld.com Tour  New Community Craft Website
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_bkbOsOJoI

Cute Fold Out Noodle Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRY0Cj6ni5I

Cute Square Treat Box With Window Box Dies  Stampin'Up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jK6vaM3LPXM

Day 1 - Christmas In July 2016 - Stampin' Up! Copper Pine Cone Card Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QuCqD-RsQLY

DAY 1 Christmas in July 2018  Lift Flap Presentation Treat Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fp-_Ybl-cS0

Day 2  The Easiest Mini Album You Will Ever Make  12 Days of Christmas 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuge5U4yoC4

Day 2 - Christmas In July 2016 - Stampin' Up! Gold Snowflake Vellum Treat Bag Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tG1-IH4qTKM

DAY 2 Christmas in July 2018  Snow Cool Mini Album  Easy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDmpmh5Ty4c

Day 3 - Christmas In July 2016 - Stampin' Up! Merry Wishes Square Card Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puoSSdH2l-0

DAY 3 Christmas in July 2018  Memory Dex Style December Daily Display Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXT0Rs9Dggw

Day 4 -  Christmas In July - Christmas Mini Paperbag Album Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XF7p9nOsyrg

DAY 4 Christmas in July 2018  Accordion Box Mini Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ClHX82uEAAk

Day 5 - Christmas In July 2016 - Stampin' Up! 'Tis The Season Small Treat Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnDTZOBGZag

Day 5 Christmas in July 2018  Real Christmas Crackers that go BANG!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGXuChaLMrE

December 2018 Craft Supplies Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3ph473Oh4o

Decorating The Christmas Paper Bag Mini Album Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkAWGmVEQHg

Die-Cutting Essentials 56  Festive Foliage Die Set Gift Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQPOD5SPJ0A

DIY Custom Backgrounds For Light Boxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aa7hfE6vsaM

DIY Fuzzy Felt  Using Your Dies With Felt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kifI3uX-cSg

DIY Galaxy  Rainbow Planner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qn9MinxyyNI

EASY Microwave Chocolate Baileys Fudge Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ys81linh7ng

Easy Watercolour Techniques With Arteza Pens & Watercolours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJhYE2lti9w

Elegant 5x7 Silver Forest Christmas Card with Stampin'Up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ro9Zxl8lLE

Elegant New Years Party Invite Inside Pretty Snowflake Bag Envelope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahqkoiCW84Q

Envelope Punch Board Wedding Favour Treat Boxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hk02rYALibc

Ep 1  Mini Album Die Set Series  Binding and Adding Covers Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JR5wJ1JAoo4

Ep 2  Mini Album Die Series  Adding Pages to the Binding  Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vm1mSmKvh_M

Ep 3  Mini Album Die Series  Additions Set Instructions  Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0cpsCOljfM

Ep 4  Mini Album Die Series  Adding the Curved Spine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-jae9wsPr8

Fabulous TOP HAT Gift Box Tutorial  What Style Will You Make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pc-MdQrA22U

Fancy Gatefold Card Tutorial With Stampin'Up!'s Free Papers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6-ejV_1dQQ

Fantastic Black Friday Offers Inc. Craft Trolley!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8v5vTKJR6Y

Ferrero Rocher Gift TrayTube Tutorial with Stampin'Up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsytoQrY2Pc

Flip Page Mini Album Tutorial  One Sheet Album  Easy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rr_n7BOtE9s

Floral Envelope Mini Album Tutorial  Mini Album Die Series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcbOOFFtkeU

Free ALTENEW Layer Rose Dies  Simply Cards & Papercraft Magazine 174
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjkLcfZB-Ec

French Country Themed Matchbook Album  Beginner Friendly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wy4hDZT6clU

Gift Bag Punch Board Woodland Satchel  Stampin'Up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VN6vxlHXxhA

Gift Bag Tutorial For Chocolate Baileys Fudge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYRMb6mynCM

Gift Box With Pillow Box Punch Board Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5M-OuV3SrM4

Gift Card & Jumping Box Die Set Assembly Instructions  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coFzcVrNLDQ

Gnome Scene 3DDiorama Birthday Card Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tJkOCGLn0g

Green Eyes  Simply Cards & Papercrafts Magazine Scrapbook Page
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mBwgnVB5fY

Guardsman Gift Box Tutorial  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nkeEr2E970

Guide  How To Store Craft Magazines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8G-VMLvsgs

Halloween  Armoir Chest of Drawers  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNwbo-JzxE4

Halloween 2020   Easy Treat Paperbag Pouches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye2GX2BqNSo

Halloween 2020  Easy Treat Acetate Lid Boxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlUHrEqaThs

Halloween 2020  Swinging Tray Treat Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYb6IsXknhQ

Hello Baby Boy 8x8 Envelope Mini Album Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3HhBZLOGbM

Hello Baby Girl 8x8 Envelope Mini Album Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsyzrWJ8ri8

Hexagon Clutch Box Die Set from Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bU5qyFx1J0

How I Print Digital Embellishments From Nitwit Collections
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsN3m-_9iQ8

How To Clean Stazon & Archival Ink From Your Stamps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkkZvipgals

How to Cut Chipboard Album Covers  3 Easy Ways
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgmpAsE9yAc

How To Make A Christmas Diorama Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkZR8w3L5TI

How To Make A Deer Spinner Christmas Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKRnb1Ar4ic

How To Make a Giant Birthday Cracker For Holding Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8MO0TV23Wo

How To Make A Good Luck Treat Bag Using Stampin' Up! Products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KOx-iLLD2c

How To Make a Notebook With The Planner Punch Board by We R Memory Keepers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDDZ06yM8Uk

How To Use Dies With Kraft-Tex  Vintage Luggage Gift Bag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XF8wffeAlnw

How to use the Candy Box Punch Board  We R Memory Keepers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxiTkySSADM

Huge Craft Haul  February 2020  What did I buy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jTS_br7EOY

Huge UK Craft Magazine Discount Sale - Today Only!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gvl3uG8fd8w

Huge UK Papercraft Magazine Sale! While Stocks Last!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vq38EfYkMuA

I'll be on FB LIVE tomorrow for Demonstrations and a HUGE Giveaway!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gqYmq4dfk8

Intricate Heart Valentine's Treat Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UY8wG0huocE

January Craft Haul  I've Been Shopping!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aLOpIZ53eA

Kraft Christmas Tree Gift Tags with Copper Hints ~ Stampin'Up! Supplies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85TcmmvuV-E

Laminated Traveler's Notebook Journal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrkroLVbABU

LIVE  9th Day of Christmas 2019  Double Accordion Mini Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3h7PpsUDfkk

LIVE  Alice in Wonderland Mini Album  Echo Park Digital
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knqddE3_UV4

LIVE  Cascading Mini Album  Making the Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3XV9VlJlLa0

LIVE  Cascading Mini Album with CD Wallets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wg4CzIiqOnc

LIVE  Christmas Crafting in July  Flip Flap Envelope Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwFIW8hKJZk

LIVE  Christmas Crafting in July  Quick Projects with Minimal Tools
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nF0GFaOA2f4

LIVE  Dr's Bag Tutorial (the bigger one)  New Collection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyH4LU4otXI

LIVE  Exploding Balcony Gift Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3M-6WV9acGE

LIVE  Exploding Memory Box Dies  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuW0Do0b_30

LIVE  Festive Christmas Campervan with Lights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_rjETjEoWc

LIVE  Gatefold Folio Mini Album  Part 1  Covers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLsdPMbRz4o

LIVE  Glorious Star Boxes & Bows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SieQsKryOhs

LIVE  Hardback Pocket Mini Album  Start to Finish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OQPuo12yGQ

LIVE  Mini Baskets with Die-Cutting Essentials Magazine 63
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVKvd3bZAJk

LIVE  Nautical Mini Album with Shutter  Mini Album Die Series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_HKNgMfgvQ

LIVE  New Die-Cutting Machine & Mini Printer Unboxing  Demos  Coupon Code
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwD80kSPu38

LIVE  New Orchid & Pretty Pots  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtaeMI6KrC0

LIVE  Paper Bag Folio Album with Nitwit Collections  Ooh La La Paris Theme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yKsAMZB_Ho

LIVE  Papercraft Society June Box  Album Assembly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJF5LAnJcPo

LIVE  PART 1  Suitcase for Summer Mini Album  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqisTwcWYcU

LIVE  Planner Style Mini Album  Tropical Theme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XP_t4yoeltY

LIVE  Simply Made Crafts Mini Album with Gift Bag Die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyyBtDuGj7Q

LIVE  UK Christmas Craft Magazines & Craft Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vu3Bw3MRI5c

LIVE Replay  Papercraft Society Box 7  Unboxing & Demos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLJajV9O0Ys

LIVE REPLAY EDIT  Papercraft Society Album Assembly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsjJPsgWlUQ

Make Your Own Red Nordic Style Gift Tags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0EjzBuqQvw

May Papercraft Magazine Review & Tiny Craft Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyjFxwCBt6A

MEGA SALE  60`% off Selected UK Crafting Magazines and Kits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJfqotX9CCo

Merry Mice Blender Pen Faux Watercolouring Christmas Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pP2wJezt20

Micro Mini AlbumBook Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSz-mwryqbU

Mini Album Die Set New Series  Introduction  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1liwzRDDI9w

Mini Album for May's Masterclass  Quick Peek and Discount Info
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwuKRZQLuXQ

Mini Album Masterclass with Simply Cards & Papercraft Magazine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q99H6hUz17Q

Mini Pizza Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhUq7Egshx0

Mini Valentine's Day Album  Complete Start to Finish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIy7KVldUrI

Movie Night Popcorn Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bOt8Ex-E-Q

My Day At The IndigoBlu Art Retreat & Rubber Stamp Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Lf_glyqBQc

My Free Mini Album Masterclass  Midi Album Die Set
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07NCvjDnUVA

My New Christmas Collection Reveal  The Toy Box  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psP1x14lmGM

My New Papercraft Society Box  Mini Album Theme!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIV0e2uSdK4

My Own New Brand!  Simply Made Crafts by Helen Griffin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8iY9V9rpss

My Top 5 Digital Collections for September  2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nge1__uSwTg

New  Album Addition Die Sets Release from Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjC1pzwP_L0

NEW  Altenew Magazine Box Kit Contents & Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhxvWdH3oug

NEW  August Craft UK Magazine Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKPrQXCBy0c

NEW  Cake Box Tutorial  3 Ways to Make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFbsbPybVLk

NEW  Christmas in London Collection  From Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gs1r6rJByYE

NEW  Handbags & Gladrags Launch  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gd4adxqFgY

NEW  Pretty Teacup & Saucer Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B6BnnIHPvmM

NEW  Simply Made Crafts Christmas Collection 2019 Preview
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Np-KdHMg95c

NEW Botanicals Collection Release  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQwDRBnlwUY

NEW Captain Christmas Die Set  Make a Gift Box or Bag  How to assemble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfluwHoPa60

NEW Christmas Drum Gift Box Die Set  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAdTGl1pUTw

NEW COLLECTION  A Very British Summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tzOfIw2-C4

NEW COLLECTION  Afternoon Tea Gift Boxes & Cake Stand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AL4ebAwSnW4

NEW COLLECTION  The Perpetual Calendar & Accessories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtKrPWRqqqk

New Collection Full Reveal  Simply Made Crafts  Hats & Boxes galore!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqKyHKwom0Q

NEW Gable BoxLantern Die Set from Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8g9HmrXE9tA

NEW Hang your Stocking Die Set  How to assemble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFztNJtwJPM

NEW LAUNCH  Snapshot Collection from Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-HMvUna0oE

NEW Sleigh Bells Ring Die Set  With Secret Hidden Drawer!  How to assemble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-u9lozl-Lk

NEW Stampin'Up!! Floral Statements Smooshing Technique
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yVaMZcOGKc

NEW Surprise & Delight Collection - A Closer Look & Chit Chat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKj2-Cbbb0I

NEW Travel papers and stamps in detail + Discount Code
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JrqR9STAIU

New Travel Papers Launch Sneak Peek - Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCAcWkW2_3Y

October 2019 Craft Haul & Discount CodesFree Stamp Set
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqkt37wVSyE

One Sheet Mini Album  Slim Mini Books  Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUxI36raeYo

Paperbag flip book  Start to finish Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JsAKaXyCfA

Paperbag Mini Album Tutorial  Beginner Friendly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5TwPaVnwBE

Paperbag Trifold Folio  Farmhouse Style  Beginner Friendly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMgJWgMymSs

Papercraft Essentials 179 Shaker Kit  How To Make a Festive Shaker Card  EASY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4SwtKT_re4

Papercraft Society Box 3  Easy Mini Album  Bright Rosa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaIi8iDgo4k

Part 1 - Stampin'Up! Valentine's Miniature Envelope Album Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_8GfrTNlBM

PART 2  Suitcase for Summer Mini Album  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIwKjdd9HUs

Part 2 - Stampin'Up! Valentine's Miniature Envelope Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkLgc62zi6c

Pink & Gold Butterfly Card Tutorial  Stampin'Up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkUBOADR0zI

Pinwheel Cards with Martha Stewart Score BoardSU! Diagonal Board
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZuQMG-78kA

Pocket Shaker Card With Altenew Roses  Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TO3F_FPY0kM

Poinsettia 3x3 Christmas Treat Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3-ghZBJG4M

Postbox Die Set Tutorial  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8AAQlph3MI

Pretty Floral Gift Box With Watercolour Flowers Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nureOt8LJN8

Pretty Teapot Tutorial  Afternoon Tea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16tN1bUtTtc

Project Life by Stampin'Up! - Hello Lovely Card Collection Close Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zu9l-HlKHgE

Quick, Easy & Simple Gents Birthday Card Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UBZ4cxti_g

Red Nordic Style 2x2x2 GiftTreat Box With Stampin'Up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0839f7Kw3mc

Round Hat Box Tutorial  Pretty Storage Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fw1wqwTlqas

Shutter Box Die  How to Assemble This Fun Shutter Mechanism  Easy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cE5_uTW_C94

Silhouette Christmas Cards With Tim Holtz Distress Oxide Inks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFHJQ9-p0Dk

Simple Black, White & Turquoise Dragonfly Card With Stampin'Up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmFWds8ltMM

Simply Cards & Papercraft 203  Layering Peony Stamp & Die Set Gift  FREE SHIPPING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Nw3U39LaOg

Simply Made Crafts  How to use the NEW Rectangle Treat Drawer Dies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZN_dPp5pRU

Simply Made Crafts  New Die Set  Discount offer  Stock Replenishment Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=467kU76uT3Q

Simply Made Crafts PAPERCRAFT SOCIETY BOX  Unboxing & Project  NEW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mklaWOrmvA

Simply Made Crafts Special Celebrations Collection Launching Today - Sneak Peeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k028bhH-45E

Slim Mini Travelers Notebook  One Sheet Album Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3SsLhJ_FrY

Small Twist & Pop Album With Mini Twist Inserts Tutorial  Requested
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LL7tDm0m7Z4

Sparkly Winter Leaves Thank You Card Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDCgF3RlO9A

Spooky Gable Box  Simply Made Crafts Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2ECdpwto5A

Spring Wreath Easter Treat Bags
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxMpf4Evf6s

Springtime #1 Purple Hydrangea Birthday Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3GNhmKJSoA

Springtime #2 Butterfly Coaster With IndigoBlu Rubber Stamp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCJ4q4crKFE

Springtime #3 Stampin'Up! Ribbon CaddyHolder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVwn8me-oOM

Springtime #4 DIY Faux Forsythia Easter Tree Ornament
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTurFByhWkU

Springtime #5 Stampin'Up! Easter Treat Envelope Pouch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYGGQidslfo

Springtime #6 Stampin'Up! Easter Mini Milk Treat Boxes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Kf5GPauP4s

Springtime#7 SpringEaster Picket Fence Gift Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZT7dETR7On0

Square Window Gable Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJidfvH2KVU

Stamp Your Own Scrapbook PaperDSP with Stampin'Up! Vintage Leaves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIT9tOt57w8

Stampin' Up! Baby Boy Mini Album Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGW4aUvfwBg

Stampin' Up! Wooden Rainbow Coaster Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHKow_vUkO4

Stampin'Up! Elegant Clear Treat Box for PartyWedding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evhHQsMvzog

Stampin'up! Envelope Flip Folio Mini Album Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIXw3vVJG2c

Stampin'Up! Envelope Mini Album Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=itgn7DyO1SU

Stampin'Up! Ferrero Rocher Valentines Mini Post Box Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FG5j1BtSddM

Stampin'Up! Floral Boutique Mini Folio Flip Album Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Svcymi_6hWc

Stampin'Up! Foxy Friends Mini Notepad Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lK0G3nQFeTk

Stampin'Up! Mini Album Tutorial featuring Affectionately Yours DSP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHNv7dwrEqQ

Stampin'Up! Mother's Day Wreath Card Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c8wne0aX-0

Stampin'Up! Sale-a-Bration CASE Card  With FREE Stamp Set Avant Garden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cL058GQJHiE

Stampin'Up! Teal Blue Oriental Inspired Gift Bag Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBfYo3cZIDg

Stampin'Up! Twist & Fold Mini Album Share
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPDTNG4C-pM

STUNNING Rose Gold Mock Croc Drs Bag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdWjvDN6jMI

Terrarium Glass House Tutorial  Simply Made Crafts  NEW DIE SET
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J41llTjga98

The Bouquet - Scrapbook Layout For Simply Cards & Papercraft Magazine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psxwkNVtjTI

The Grand Christmas Tree Die Set  Simply Made Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N60XTzaUEOM

Tiffany Inspired Wedding Gift Box Tutorial With Perfect Bow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Swr3pjON7r8

Traditional Christmas Cards  Quick & Easy  Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbMjb-l07c0

Trifold Folio Mini Album Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2-fNLo8x2o

Trimcraft Christmas Bloggers Day & Huge Goodie Bag Haul!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAqT7jOaZjk

Trying Out Silicone Make Up BrushPad for Ink Blending
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doAZHSQF7oM

Trying Out the Big Shot Magnetic Extended Platform  WOW!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMHKw-J9T3w

Tutorial  8x8 Vintage Garden Mini Album - Start to Finish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxFaOyrTGSM

Tutorial  Abigail Paper Bag Mini Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGdyhzc7zzI

Tutorial  Beach Hut Gift Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ech77Jd4P8

Tutorial  Christmas Bauble Tea Light Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwmjqrfmdDI

Tutorial  Cute Easter Chick Chocolate Egg Holder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ey0cKUgPF6w

Tutorial  Easy Envelope Mini Album with Pocket Pages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SzQUruzqtnw

Tutorial  Embossed Background Glitter Christmas Cards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n58BRMiYPzg

Tutorial  Faux Leather Traveller's Notebook With Nitwit Collections
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sav6FD68Et8

Tutorial  Garden In Bloom Card (Stampin'Up!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81JXgVg20F0

Tutorial  Glitter Night Scene Card (no mess!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilIY2nsBPik

Tutorial  How to Make a Campervan Gift Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-rxEc0iCJw

Tutorial  How To Make a Cute Caravan Gift Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wdc6M7giwbA

Tutorial  How To Make Last Minute Christmas Cards
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLs6mMPzfLI

Tutorial  How to Reinforce the Suitcase Die Set
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsPjwRIKIJE

Tutorial  Ice Cream Cone Gift Box  Super Cute!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1ZTEXkYlr8

Tutorial  Large Loaf Tin for Gifting Cakes & Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28KIaeuovBE

Tutorial  Mini Album Case  Perpetual Calendar Accessories
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKd13rQ8wjc

Tutorial  Mother's Day Treat Basket  Envelope Punch Board
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yiLmNjjKlpo

Tutorial  My Simple A5 Planner for 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXgFAHPOIcU

Tutorial  NEW Pinwheel Card Die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWp2bLcMkCI

Tutorial  One Sheet Mini Album Trio In Vintage Suitcase Holdall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-H3oAnUuUxw

Tutorial  Paperbag Fold Out Folio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tj-fPmxyMpA

Tutorial  Perpetual Calendar with Gift Box Number Cubes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHuWd83GbBY

Tutorial  Pretty Pink & White Wreath Card
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xOqtn6XZpI

Tutorial  So In Love With You Scrapbook Page
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvOPGF0bkdk

Tutorial  Tiny Sunflower Mini Album  Start to Finish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrd4sfpSEjs

Tutorial  Trifold Shutter Mini Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4k8egHrcSE

Tutorial  Twist & Fold Pop Up Mini Album
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mVC9IiTGKU

Tutorial  Valentine's Day HUGE Ferrero Rocher Exploding Gift Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agsAY7Fbe8s

Tutorial  Waterfall Folio Mini Album with CD Wallets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8ppGoSgs-w

Tutorial - Watercolour Rose With Aqua Painter Brushes Or Blender Pens (Stampin'Up!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UT51-_Z2Os

UK Craft Haul & Storage  April 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrUadew37lw

UNBOXING  I'm the Designer for November's Papercraft Society Subscription Box!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ld_sgVEYv2U

Unboxing  So Beautifully Organised Stationery Box 1  Traveler's Notebook Set
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g41baNu2daI

Unboxing Papercraft Society Box 3 - What's inside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-4rzZM0xRo

Unboxing Video  Spellbinders Platinum 6 & First Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAmoKyUm6Oc

Valentine's Day Gift & Card Ideas  2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVLH5I_du_E

Valentine's Day Mini Handbag for Ferrero Rocher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4DMHqhd4x4

Vintage Envelope Flip BookAlbum Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKoOiHGIV7A

Wedding Gift CardMoney Holder With Pocket Slot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GF5BpdXlQtU

Woodland Fox New Baby Stepper Card Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kB2f2wtX4tY
Helen Griffin UK - Videos