
1.  50 Cent - Just A Lil Bit (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GllEDACUbNo&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

2.  A.R. Rahman, The Pussycat Dolls - Jai Ho (You Are My Destiny) ft. Nicole Scherzinger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yc5OyXmHD0w&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

3.  Afroman - Because I Got High (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeYsTmIzjkw&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

4.  Akon - Beautiful (Official Music Video) ft. Colby O'Donis, Kardinal Offishall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSOzN0eihsE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

5.  Akon - Locked Up (Official Music Video) ft. Styles P.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14PgWitIbSk&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

6.  Akon - Smack That (Official Music Video) ft. Eminem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKDdT_nyP54&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

7.  Alicia Keys - Fallin' (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Urdlvw0SSEc&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

8.  Amy Winehouse - Rehab.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUmZp8pR1uc&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

9.  Ashanti - Foolish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUPrnu3BEU8&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

10.  ATC - All Around The World (la la la la la la la la).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRvGZffXhfk&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

11.  Avril Lavigne - Complicated (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NPBIwQyPWE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

12.  Avril Lavigne - Girlfriend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bg59q4puhmg&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

13.  Avril Lavigne - I'm With You (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGR65RWwzg8&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

14.  B.o.B - Nothin' On You (feat. Bruno Mars) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PTDv_szmL0&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

15.  Basshunter - Now You're Gone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnuhOxHUHfE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

16.  Beyoncé - Baby Boy (Video) ft. Sean Paul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ucz_pm3LX8&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

17.  Beyoncé - Crazy In Love ft. JAY Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViwtNLUqkMY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

18.  Beyoncé - Upgrade U (Video) ft. Jay-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6nr8hPnZfMU&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

19.  Beyoncé, Shakira - Beautiful Liar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrOe2h9RtWI&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

20.  blink-182 - First Date (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVy9Lgpg1m8&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

21.  blink-182 - I Miss You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1tAYmMjLdY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

22.  Bon Jovi - It's My Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx2u5uUu3DE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

23.  Britney Spears - Gimme More (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elueA2rofoo&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

24.  Britney Spears - I'm Not A Girl, Not Yet A Woman (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IlV7RhT6zHs&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

25.  Britney Spears - Lucky (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vvBAONkYwI&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

26.  Britney Spears - Womanizer (Director's Cut) (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMqayQ-U74s&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

27.  Chamillionaire - Ridin' (Official Music Video) ft. Krayzie Bone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtwJvgPJ9xw&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

28.  Chris Brown - Forever (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sMKX22BHeE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

29.  Chris Brown - Kiss Kiss ft. T-Pain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNII9PDlFJ0&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

30.  Chris Brown - Say Goodbye (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJ26gAc7BtU&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

31.  Chris Brown - Yo (Excuse Me Miss) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yn_6LC4loY8&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

32.  Christina Aguilera - Dirrty (VIDEO) ft. Redman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Rg3sAb8Id8&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

33.  Ciara - 1, 2 Step (Official Video) ft. Missy Elliott.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBHNgV6_znU&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

34.  Ciara - Like A Boy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HKH7Emy1SY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

35.  Coldplay - Fix You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4V3Mo61fJM&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

36.  Coldplay - In My Place (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnIZ7RMuLpU&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

37.  Coldplay - Yellow (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKNxeF4KMsY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

38.  Crazy Town - Butterfly (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FEDrU85FLE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

39.  Céline Dion - A New Day Has Come (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaGLVS5b_ZY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

40.  Destiny's Child - Say My Name (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQgd6MccwZc&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

41.  Destiny's Child - Soldier ft. T.I., Lil' Wayne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFJ3VKnwmJw&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

42.  Diddy [feat. Keyshia Cole] - Last Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxFhwtwiw6o&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

43.  Dr. Dre ft. Snoop Dogg, Kurupt, Nate Dogg - The Next Episode (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZXc39hT8t4&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

44.  Eminem - Without Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVkUvmDQ3HY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

45.  Empire Of The Sun - We Are The People (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hN5X4kGhAtU&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

46.  Empire State Of Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ydMlTassYc&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

47.  Estelle - American Boy [Feat. Kanye West] [Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ic5vxw3eijY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

48.  Eve - Let Me Blow Ya Mind (Official Music Video) ft. Gwen Stefani.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt88GMJmVk0&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

49.  Fall Out Boy - Sugar, We're Goin Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhG-vLZrb-g&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

50.  Fantasia - When I See U.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8iqEfje7Aw&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

51.  Far East Movement ft. The Cataracs, DEV - Like A G6 (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4s6H4ku6ZY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

52.  Fat Joe - What's Luv ft. Ashanti (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpvyG2NrS1Y&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

53.  Fergie - Fergalicious (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T0utQ-XWGY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

54.  Fergie - Glamorous (Official Music Video) ft. Ludacris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0SyUgw98tE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

55.  Flo Rida - Club Can't Handle Me ft. David Guetta [Official Music Video] - Step Up 3D.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgM3r8xKfGE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

56.  Flo Rida - Right Round (feat. Ke$ha) [US Version] (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcCw1ggftuQ&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

57.  Foo Fighters - The Pretender.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBjQ9tuuTJQ&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

58.  Fountains of Wayne - Stacy's Mom (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZLfasMPOU4&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

59.  Gnarls Barkley - Crazy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-N4jf6rtyuw&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

60.  Gorillaz - DARE (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAOR6ib95kQ&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

61.  Green Day - American Idiot [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ee_uujKuJMI&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

62.  Gwen Stefani - Hollaback Girl (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kgjkth6BRRY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

63.  Gwen Stefani - Rich Girl (Official Music Video) ft. Eve.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rlNpWYQunY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

64.  Gwen Stefani - The Sweet Escape (Closed Captioned) ft. Akon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0lf_fE3HwA&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

65.  Hey Ya!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7XnDlYY9qw&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

66.  Ja Rule - Mesmerize ft. Ashanti (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcP96KbFIIU&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

67.  Ja Rule ft. R. Kelly, Ashanti - Wonderful (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVXE1EzMrfw&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

68.  Jason Derulo - Whatcha Say [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBI3lc18k8Q&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

69.  Jay Sean - Do You Remember ft. Sean Paul, Lil Jon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a81eP2E8MEQ&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

70.  Jay Sean - Down ft. Lil Wayne (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUbpGmR1-QM&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

71.  Jennifer Lopez - Get Right (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WIsnC-h1d0&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

72.  Jennifer Lopez - I'm Real (Remix) ft. Ja Rule.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sjx9oSJDAVQ&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

73.  Jeremih - Birthday Sex (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYMxOzxKYYo&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

74.  Justin Bieber - One Time (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHVhwcOg6y8&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

75.  Kanye West - Gold Digger ft. Jamie Foxx.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vwNcNOTVzY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

76.  Kat DeLuna - Whine Up (Official Video) ft. Elephant Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcMXZjYqIog&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

77.  Katy Perry - Hot N Cold (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTHNpusq654&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

78.  Katy Perry - I Kissed A Girl (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAp9BKosZXs&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

79.  Katy Perry - Teenage Dream (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98WtmW-lfeE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

80.  Ke$ha - TiK ToK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP6XpLQM2Cs&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

81.  Keri Hilsonft. Kanye West, Ne-Yo - Knock You Down (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_RqWocthcc&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

82.  Kings Of Leon - Sex on Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RF0HhrwIwp0&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

83.  Kylie Minogue - Can't Get You Out Of My Head (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPwtJ89jes4&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

84.  Lil Jon & The East Side Boyz - Get Low (feat. Ying Yang Twins) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYH7_GzP4Tg&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

85.  M.I.A. - Paper Planes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewRjZoRtu0Y&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

86.  Madonna  - 4 Minutes feat. Justin Timberlake & Timbaland (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAQZPBwz2CI&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

87.  Madonna - Hung Up (Official Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDwb9jOVRtU&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

88.  Mariah Carey - We Belong Together (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0habxsuXW4g&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

89.  Maroon 5 - She Will Be Loved (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIjVuRTm-dc&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

90.  Mary J. Blige - Be Without You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XNaPX6MKlU&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

91.  Mary J. Blige - Family Affair (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znlFu_lemsU&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

92.  Michael Jackson - You Rock My World (Official Video - Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4tpuu-Up90&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

93.  Miley Cyrus - Party In The U.S.A. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M11SvDtPBhA&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

94.  Missy Elliott - Work It [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjIvu7e6Wq8&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

95.  Modjo - Lady (Hear Me Tonight) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMfxI3r_LyA&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

96.  Ne-Yo - So Sick (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxszlJppRQI&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

97.  Nelly - Over And Over (Official Music Video) ft. Tim McGraw.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3htOCjafTc&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

98.  Nelly Furtado - I'm Like A Bird (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roPQ_M3yJTA&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

99.  NSYNC - It's Gonna Be Me (It's Gonna Be May - Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQMlWwIXg3M&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

100.  Owl City - Fireflies (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psuRGfAaju4&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

101.  Paramore Misery Business [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCyGvGEtOwc&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

102.  Pitbull - Hotel Room Service.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2up_Eq6r6Ko&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

103.  R. Kelly - Ignition (Remix) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6y_4_b6RS8&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

104.  Replay (Prequel) [Music Video] - Iyaz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXxV9g7lsFE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

105.  Rihanna - Disturbia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1mU6h4Xdxc&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

106.  Rihanna - Don't Stop The Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yd8jh9QYfEs&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

107.  Rihanna - Pon de Replay (Internet Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEauWw9ZGrA&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

108.  Rihanna - Rehab (Official Music Video) ft. Justin Timberlake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJYcmq__nDM&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

109.  Rihanna - S&M (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdS6HFQ_LUc&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

110.  Rihanna - Umbrella (Orange Version) (Official Music Video) ft. JAY-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvBfHwUxHIk&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

111.  Robbie Williams - Rock DJ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnO3nijfYmU&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

112.  Sean Kingston - Beautiful Girls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrTz5xjmso4&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

113.  Sean Paul - Get BusyLike Glue (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPQ3o14ksaM&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

114.  Sean Paul - Give It Up To Me (feat. Keyshia Cole) [Disney Version] (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMoNV9oWs2E&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

115.  Shaggy - Angel ft. Rayvon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWJrPzAUzAs&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

116.  Shaggy - Hey Sexy Lady ft. Brian & Tony Gold (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gcg__eDktgY&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

117.  Shakira - Don't Bother.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjRRQdnOR-A&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

118.  Shakira - Hips Don't Lie ft. Wyclef Jean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUT5rEU6pqM&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

119.  Shakira - Whenever, Wherever (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weRHyjj34ZE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

120.  Snoop Dogg - Drop It Like It's Hot (Official Music Video) ft. Pharrell Williams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtUVQei3nX4&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

121.  Soulja Boy Tell'em - Crank That (Soulja Boy) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UFIYGkROII&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

122.  Soulja Boy Tell'em ft. Sammie - Kiss Me Thru The Phone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47Fbo4kU2AU&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

123.  T-Pain - Buy U A Drank (Shawty Snappin') ft. Yung Joc.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBrRBZy8OTs&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

124.  Taylor Swift - Love Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xg3vE8Ie_E&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

125.  Taylor Swift - You Belong With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuNIsY6JdUw&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

126.  The All-American Rejects - Gives You Hell (Full Narrative Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxUATkpMQ8A&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

127.  The Black Eyed Peas - Boom Boom Pow (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m48GqaOz90&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

128.  The Black Eyed Peas - Don't Phunk With My Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4Bda6_usuc&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

129.  The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD4vsh1zDA&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

130.  The Black Eyed Peas - Let's Get It Started.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKqV7DB8Iwg&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

131.  The Black Eyed Peas - My Humps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEe_eraFWWs&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

132.  The Black Eyed Peas - Pump It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaI2IlHwmgQ&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

133.  The Black Eyed Peas - Shut Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRzMtlZjXpU&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

134.  The Game, 50 Cent - Hate It Or Love It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuMBmK5uksg&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

135.  The Killers - Mr. Brightside (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGdGFtwCNBE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

136.  The Offspring - You're Gonna Go Far, Kid (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql9-82oV2JE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

137.  The Pussycat Dolls - Don't Cha (Official Music Video) ft. Busta Rhymes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNSxNsr4wmA&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

138.  The Pussycat Dolls - Hush Hush; Hush Hush (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BBsF7VIQyo&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

139.  The Pussycat Dolls - Stickwitu (Official Music Video) ft. Avant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1uNjmxJQUo&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

140.  The Script - The Man Who Cant Be Moved (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gS9o1FAszdk&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

141.  The Strokes - Reptilia (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8-tXG8KrWs&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

142.  Three Days Grace - I Hate Everything About You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8ekz_CSBVg&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

143.  Train - Hey, Soul Sister (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVpv8-5XWOI&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

144.  Usher - Burn (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5XNWFw5HVw&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

145.  Usher - Yeah! (Official Video) ft. Lil Jon, Ludacris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxBSyx85Kp8&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

146.  VITAS FT. NAPPY ROOTS - Roll With the Beat (Official Music Video) 432hz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uib7u_O9dfI&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

147.  Westlife - Fool Again (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4BB9eGUEaE&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

148.  Young Money - Bed Rock (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ha80ZaecGkQ&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj

149.  Yves LaRock - Rise Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoMYU_nOGNg&list=PLyORnIW1xT6yUz8DYvkQZZPx6pYuArctj
Best 2000's Teenage Anthems Playlist