
AJAX Crash Course (Vanilla JavaScript)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82hnvUYY6QA

Animate Your Font Awesome Icons With JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XP-MRCUPZao

Animated Counter With JavaScript (HTML, CSS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6XIMIKmj9k

Async JS Crash Course - Callbacks, Promises, Async Await
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoRJizFvM7s

Breathe & Relax App - JavaScript & CSS Animations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-1ZrU6avzI

Build A Filterable List With Vanilla JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1eW3Oi6uoc

Build a Music Player  Vanilla JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTHRWGn_sJw

Build A Pet Find App  JS, Parcel, Babel, Fetch-JSONP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XH7ha_MNnXc

Build a Reddit Search App With ES6, Fetch & Parcel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VITzIZB-bXU

Build A Speed Typing Game In JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yw-SYSG-028

Build a Touch Slider with HTML, CSS & JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bxFSOA5JYo

Build Minesweeper with JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0No1JDc6vE

Build Pac-Man Game With JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBtzzVwrTeE

Create a Custom PDF Viewer With JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydCSSgwZjzs

Create a Modal With HTML, CSS & JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ophW7Ask_0

Drag & Drop With Vanilla JS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C22hQKE_32c

Dynamic Landing Page  JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSTQzlprGLI

Easy Frontend JS Workflow With No Framework
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rD9amRSOQY

Facebook Login & Graph API  JavaScript SDK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gXux8b3wcYw

Fancy Form UI From Scratch -  HTML, CSS3, JS & Sass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiTdhLc8JCo

Fetch API Introduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oive66jrwBs

Forward Head Posture Excersies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DE_SS1F9sWA

Full Screen Image Slider With HTML, CSS & JS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZO2RTMNSAY

Full Screen Responsive Image Slider  No Libraries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWWNrANNO1k

Future Content, How I Got Started With Youtube and Q&A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2KctKdAKuI

Google Geocode API & JavaScript Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRiQeo17u6c

Google Maps JavaScript API Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zxf1mnP5zcw

JavaScript BookList App  No Frameworks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaMCxVWtW58

JavaScript Crash Course For Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdI2bqOjy3c

JavaScript DOM Crash Course - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ik6X4DJKCc

JavaScript DOM Crash Course - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mPd2aJXCZ2g

JavaScript DOM Crash Course - Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wK2cBMcDTss

JavaScript DOM Crash Course - Part 4 [Final Project]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i37KVt_IcXw

JavaScript Higher Order Functions & Arrays
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRgD1yVwIvE

JavaScript OOP Crash Course (ES5 & ES6)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDJpGenyHaA

JavaScript Password Generator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duNmhKgtcsI

JavaScript Zipcode App Using Fetch & Bulma CSS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3GfUH7AZKs

Learn JavaScript By Building A Bookmarker Application
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIVfDZZeGxM

Modern Image Gallery With ES6 Vanilla JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afoxd5b0bJo

Multiplayer Snake Game  JavaScript & Socket.io
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppcBIHv_ZPs

Pure JavaScript Type Writer Effect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POX3dT-pB4E

Quick Autocomplete App With JS & JSON
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1iysNUrI3lw

Responsive Coming Soon Landing Page With Countdown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNpwqrvPyyU

Rock Paper Scissors Game - UI & JavaScript
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WR_pWXJZiRY

Simple JavaScript Slideshow In 5 Minutes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YQ4svkETS0

Simple Weight Converter App With JavaScript & Bootstrap 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7l-ZAuU8TXc

Star Ratings With JavaScript & Font Awesome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3rylF3y3og

Text To Speech & Synthesis App - JavaScript & Web Speech API
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZORXxxP49G8

Use Babel & Webpack To Compile ES2015 - ES2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWUR04B42Hc

Vanilla JavaScript Search App  Wikipedia API
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dk6Wopar10k

Vanilla JS Number Facts App - Ajax & Fetch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUE2Nic21BA

Web Components Crash Course
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCWaFLy3VUo

YouTube API Project With Authentication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-yxNNO1EI8
Vanilla JavaScript