
Gifts for SNP - Let's Talk About Sex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNyQjSI5Nds

Pepa performing Whatta Man Live  Australia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNF4k1NRNW0

Push It w Salt-N-Pepa on The Mix Tape Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9R8qx37Ax8

Salt N Pepa - Big Girls (Dee Wiz Mix) f. Pretty Big Movement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MMpAKjd40k

Salt N Pepa behind the scene taping of Strahan and Sara Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAooiHAVBSY

Salt of Salt-N-Pepa plays the Drums
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-PfLQb9Y_M

Salt-N-Pepa - Ain't Nuthin' But A She Thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=na3u8S9tF9o

Salt-N-Pepa - Expression
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ej6pQFfA_fo

Salt-N-Pepa - Extra Interview wDarius Brown [Behind the Scenes]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOw7YO34zKU

Salt-N-Pepa - Gitty Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGKAk7djRkk

Salt-N-Pepa - Heaven 'n Hell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gocu9N6k6as

Salt-N-Pepa - Imagine ft. Sheryl Crow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gL47tW_kc7A

Salt-N-Pepa - Independent (1353771)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vOyKdmeTwI

Salt-N-Pepa - Independent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1I8J7Q1ho-4

Salt-N-Pepa - Let's Talk About Aids
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ac04hUr4WM

Salt-N-Pepa - Let's Talk About Sex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydrtF45-y-g

Salt-N-Pepa - Push It (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCadcBR95oU

Salt-N-Pepa - Push It [LIVE in Vegas 2019]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DhHmmZoF1L8

Salt-N-Pepa - R U Ready ft. Rufus Moore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZg_Jehko7c

Salt-N-Pepa - Shoop (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vaN01VLYSQ

Salt-N-Pepa - Twist & Shout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsJzMC2EHpE

Salt-N-Pepa BIG GIRLS (Dee Wiz Mix) LYRIC VIDEO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5S1kGXMA-Q

Salt-N-Pepa Knows How To Party  Outro Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xyPkAMmJ9I

Salt-N-Pepa Live audience taping of Straham and Sara Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJriXnfWPTo

Salt-N-Pepa Mixtape Tour 2019 Wrap Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xphvcl1723A

Salt-N-Pepa talk early rap days and female Run DMC comparison
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fe9wmEVZ3LE
Salt Pepa