
35107.  Components of UNIX, Execution Flow, Basic Commands with Online Terminal  Session - 2  By DURGA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zfh8eC7cY0

35109.  File System Navigation Commands & LINUX File System Hierarchy  Session - 4  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aqx97d4NSbg

35112.  Introduction, Characteristics & Flavours  Session - 1  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txRD_bK062Y

35116.  LINUX Classes  Session - 15 View Content of Files  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuzpoZwDcZU

35121.  LINUX Classes  Session - 21 wc command (word count command)  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmPHZBR-9Wk

35127.  LINUX Classes  Session - 24 Input, Output and Error Redirection  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_B6BIxlYFw

35134.  LINUX Classes  Session - 25 Piping and Importance of tee and xargs commands  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ko3VktocAQw

35142.  LINUX Classes  Session - 27 Command Aliasing  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2I-Qfa0HkBQ

35151.  LINUX Classes  Session - 35 grep vs egrep vs fgrep commands  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9ViEtXctPc

35161.  LINUX Classes  Session - 39 cut command and various options with clear examples  By Mr. DURGA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFD57jbd_Gk

35172.  LINUX Classes  Session - 40 paste command with clear examples  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9u_ytq_0xQ

35184.  LINUX Classes  Session - 41 tr command with clear examples  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLDjHVBqEi4

35197.  LINUX Classes  Session - 54 Variable Substitution and Command Substitution  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLIMfM88hME

35211.  LINUX Classes  Session - 6 Virtual Box and Ubuntu Installation Part-1  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZF8i52eM5jA

35226.  LINUX Classes  Session - 69 Arrays - Multiple Demo Scripts to get Perfection  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqEJ9PUHwbo

35242.  LINUX Classes  Session - 7. Virtual Box and Ubuntu Installation Part-2  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntxHMilUnBk

35259.  LINUX Classes  Session - 8  ls command and its options  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpxT2L3t1a8

35277.  LINUX Classes  Session - 9 Date and Cal commands  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmJyVY1Mvww

35296.  LINUX Classes  Session-58 Control Statements - if, elif, else  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUbYfcGHrGk

35316.  LINUX Classes  Session-62 Case Statement and Demo Scripts  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Q3W8UPOZPg

35337.  LINUX Classes  Session-65 Excellent Scripts by using while, break and continue  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcgBYJ3-eiw

35359.  LINUX Classes  Session-75 Shell Scripting Project-1 Secret Agent Application  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lw7UCto9QAQ

35382.  LINUX ClassesSession-29 How to use Regular Expressions with Linux Commands-28 ExamplesBy DURGA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9EDJWTmZGM

35406.  LINUX ClassesSession-32 JACKPOT Assignment, Differences between find & locate commandsBy DURGA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6t9R2t424HU

35431.  LINUX ClassesSession-56 Reading Dynamic Data from the user by using read keywordBy DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUkIlYbo5P8

35457.  Session-49. What is Shell, Types of Shell, Default Shell & Switching between Shells By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsUcY5Tm6Us

35484.  Session-50 How to Write & Run First Shell Script and Importance of Shabang  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nujs7VhT9zo

35512.  Session-71 Shell Script Functions - Several Example Scripts with Clear Explanation  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmdiIv2Z3rA

35541.  Session-72 Shell Script Functions- Demo Scripts on Prime Numbers and many more  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dr3kJmUZnJQ

35571.  Session-77 Shell Scripting Project-3 DURGASOFT Book Management Application  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYa7fHd1Gxs

35602.  Types of Files in LINUX  Session - 3  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Y4bjL-fBMY

35634.  UNIXLINUX For Beginners  Live Session - 1  By Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALU8LhiCWGw

35667.  UNIXLINUX for Beginners  Live Stream - 2  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1QHv8UFUi0

35701.  UNIXLINUX for Beginners  Live Stream - 3  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTSTjCQTwI4

35736.  UNIXLINUX for Beginners  Live Stream - 4  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-h021IMtP4g

35772.  UNIXLINUX for Beginners  Live Stream - 5  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTMRu3-a5pg

35809.  UNIXLINUX for Beginners  Live Stream - 6  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmtRvKs0LRw

35847.  UNIXLINUX for Beginners  Live Stream - 7  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMPKb-sEZXc

35886.  UnixLinux Tutorials  Beautiful Stunt In Redirection  by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiXzHmBrO28

35926.  UnixLinux Tutorials  Finding Biggest of 3 Numbers  by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYzHB3_rmh4

35967.  UnixLinux Tutorials  How to Write and Run PYTHON program in LINUX    by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyhx6xFp1mg

36009.  UnixLinux Tutorials  Input,Output and Error Redirection In Simple Way  by DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VOoibeR_Pg

36052.  UnixLinux Tutorials  Shell Script for Digital Timer  by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpxDkwiOFbI

36096.  UnixLinux Tutorials  The Comparison of Two Integer Numbers  by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8qi8ruJK34

36141.  UnixLinux Tutorials  The Funniest Example with if else  by Durgasir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVakgtBDP7o

36187.  UnixLinux Tutorials  Word Count (wc) Command in UNIXLINUX  by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jxybw9blgsM

36234.  You can find Sunny very easily in Linux !!! by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxvoo7f7htE
UnixLinux Tutorial Videos