
All I Have To Do Is Dream - Everly Brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbU3zdAgiX8&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Bill Haley & His Comets - Rock Around The Clock (1955) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgdufzXvjqw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Bobby Darin - Beyond the sea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8OlDPqYBLw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Bobby Darin - Dream Lover (Lyrics On-Screen and in Description)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_urVDCrf5A&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Buddy Holly - Everyday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMezwtB1oCU&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Chordettes - Lollipop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rYoRaxgOE0&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Chubby Checker-The Twist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHGXwQeUk7M&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Dave Brubeck - Take Five ( Original Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHdU5sHigYQ&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Dean Martin - Mambo Italiano
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAQQ1Vlk1nE&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Dean Martin - That's Amore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnFlx2Lnr9Q&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Dion & The Belmonts I Wonder Why 1958
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAPEfdjvTqE&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Doris Day - Que Sera Sera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZbKHDPPrrc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Elvis Presley - Blue Suede Shoes 1956 (COLOR and STEREO)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bm5HKlQ6nGM&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Elvis Presley - Don't Be Cruel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fM4svoKvotw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Elvis Presley - Heartbreak Hotel (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9BLw4W5KU8&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock (Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj0Rz-uP4Mk&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Elvis Presley All Shook Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rQEbQJx5Bo&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Elvis Presley Love Me Tender (1956) (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lD711_Xh8s&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

elvis presley-hound dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzQ8GDBA8Is&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Fats Domino - Blueberry Hill (From Legends of Rock 'n' Roll)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mix3gmzPa0&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Fever - Peggy Lee
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGb5IweiYG8&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Harry Belafonte - Banana Boat Song (Day-O)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Tou8-Cz8is&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

I've Got You Under My Skin - Frank Sinatra  Concert Collection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqH7VwpSwBo&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

In the Still of the Night - Fred Parris and The Satins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBT3oDMCWpI&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Jackie Wilson - Lonely teardrops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nEfuE8Pw4U&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

jerry lee lewis great balls of fire
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZD8YPY8RBQc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Little Anthony Tears on My Pillow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxjQ3M_v7xc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Little Richard - Long Tall Sally - from Don't Knock The Rock - HQ 1956
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqxNSvFMkag&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Little Richard - Tutti Frutti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F13JNjpNW6c&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Miles Davis - So What (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqNTltOGh5c&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Mr. Sandman - The Chordettes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX45pYvxDiA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Nat King Cole sings When I Fall in Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfAb0gNPy6s&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Neil Sedaka Oh Carol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e72tG80LmsU&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Patsy Cline-Walkin' After Midnight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsRNCvHXHHU&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

PAUL ANKA -  DIANA HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar-zZ21iW9w&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Paul Anka - Put Your Head On My Shoulder (1959) HQ Audio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvxagNIBVLU&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Percy Faith - Theme From A Summer Place
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSsiS-v6_6M&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Ray Charles - I got a woman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnI_LuCJ4Ek&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Ritchie Valens - La Bamba
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSKJQ18ZoIA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Ritchie Valens - OH Donna HD Video - Subtitulada (English Lyrics) Captions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IC9zULGSMyA&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Rockin' Robin (Original)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcmvwFcfWmY&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

The Chords - Sh-Boom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBgQezOF8kY&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

The Penguins - Earth Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

The Platters - Only You (And You Alone) (Original Footage HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FygIKsnkCw&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

The Platters - The Great Pretender (Original Footage HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEzfhclKO8Q&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Thurston Harris - Little Bitty Pretty One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8j4mn4eF-c&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Try Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeQTWKwiRCc&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz

Volare - Domenico Modugno - Nel blu dipinto di blu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4IjJav7xbg&list=PLDoNWpWHi2nIZ4qPu-GLuuK_3yms09OSz
1950s Music Hits Playlist - Greatest Songs of the 50s (Fifties Oldies but Goodies ?)