
A new way to get paid - Coin Flip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mi_-AfCNAfY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Absurd call centre rules - Call Centre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rkwE0SaJzs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Accidentally getting high at work - Special Brownie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NZExvxuoXw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Annoying customers after closing time - In and Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwtZrI6HuwY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Annoying customers on the phone in retail - Outrageous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgxP_mYGbPw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Are You Lying To Me - Bored Ep16  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuxwS5aVARM&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Awkward speech at a funeral.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnHisRxQXgA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Bandits - Bored Ep 10 (DayZ)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0M_UEXvJu5U&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Being forced to tip in retail - The Tip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10PV25ybG7U&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Being forced to use scripts in retail - Scripted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4tQx6EmFvc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Being robbed by your friend - Friend Robbery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dGaIgmmbXM&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Bereavement Leave - Bored Ep 87 (getting time off)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAALnT7xZXI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Best Manager - Bored Ep 47  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QDBGELeUXJk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Birthday - Bored EP 118  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sywM0ZOqfJ4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Bloopers Vol 1 - Bored (Behind the scenes of filming bored)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFy9_yZk42U&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Bootleg - Bored Ep 91  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPwo2NZljFQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Boredception - Bored Ep 15  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5geAxK4gsc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Boring workplace Trust Training - Work Training.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffjWnBfbVsM&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Brownie - Bored Ep 94  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FE6aij8zrrE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Casual Friday - Bored Ep 9  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rdo0AaKzL3g&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Casual Monday - Bored Ep 26  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPftpfgI0Ww&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Clever way to stop people stealing - Open Door.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmWHKYho3rU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Closing Time - Bored Ep 88  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xC3A7z-2y18&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Complaints Pile - Bored Ep 127  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dd8-PBTHtv0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Confusion - Bored Ep 99  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3a9ZGaUJSY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Cookie Revenge - Bored Ep 40  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwEQKbChXO4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Cost Price - Bored Ep 78 (Last item in stock)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSqbXfMUL1k&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Creep - Bored Ep 45  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10auO8foCUQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Dance Dance - Bored Ep 95  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3wMx1-wjE0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Delivering a dead body - Odd Package.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT_y4NX2jJk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Delivering a USB - Overpackaged.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiEoF5-RBQw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Diablo Immortal wasn't too well received.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gh0jxNQ8rmY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Dick Bump - Bored Ep 124  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OtRddx6DdA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Distraction - Bored Ep 86  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsCEYGsQ3KY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Does Size Matter - Bigger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oDeYb8llQc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Dota vs Heroes - Bored Ep 22  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zucC64r24k&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Explaining things to a woman - Mansplaining.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNorAVQOWu8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Finally standing up to your boss - Coffee Showdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNoH85RFapc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Finger Bang - Bored Ep 62  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfUQ_EWRWB4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Fixing a Teenage Boys computer - Minefield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQWOMYEF7vs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Flair - Bored Ep 110 (wearing clothes with style)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AojtTX3lyyQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Flappy Bird - Bored Ep 7  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0WtIwxiC6Q&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Floor Model - Bored Ep82 (The manager is always right)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YzBMyoe3gM&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Forgetting basic human things - How to Walk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QpsdYh7uhI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Free Laptop - Bored Ep 122  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PywO1W9SPHQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Friends who spoil movies for you - Spoiler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6fU3meVSmw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Getting a USB in first time - USB.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTHm7ixOe84&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Getting someones name mixed up - Wrong Name.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRn0uv7dONs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Girl Gamer - Bored Ep 46  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwqRBbEWduY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Going crazy in Covid-19 Lockdown - Isolation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSgqHNmEsFE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Having a co-worker that eats too loudly - Chips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pm0EDnHZp3g&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Having work drinks WITHOUT the boss - Work Drinks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_9WHlMaLfE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Helping your unemployed friend - The Favour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08SpYj_xJ7s&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Heroes vs Hearthstone - Bored Ep 32  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=654U7a7rirw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Hire Shia - Bored Ep 23  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRsawYXWEY8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Horrible Christmas music in retail stores - X-mas Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-qkkPAK7k8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

How not to give away free samples.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCbETXld_ck&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

How to get off work - Broom Technique.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Dxi1fLFJ14&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

How to give constructive feedback - Compliment Sandwich.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPVnOonSO-s&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

How to handle someone crying at work - Crying.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywFjMoM4_9Y&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

How to kill a conversation - Morbid Chat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgJh5_dPGD8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

How To Mine Bitcoins - Bored Ep 105  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EoxggHmWxY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

How to request leave from your boss - Paid Leave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQS_H_QeS3c&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

How to run a store from outside - Locked Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-acBDIQQs4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

How to steal $500 - The Heist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29FN-4itdIo&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

How to talk to attractive women in retail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GB01rSkSS94&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Just Browsing - Bored Ep 73 (when customers trash your store - retail sucks)  Viva La Dirt League.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiLac7PaW34&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Karen vs Manager.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfBVMiIfJZU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Karen wants a showdown - Karen Returns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMWYQGxibB0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Kiss Kiss - Bored Ep 103 (Jealously in the workplace is horrible)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wndtv6flFyY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Kiss Kiss Kiss - Bored ep 104 (when you get sent to HR)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVK4Poe57WI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Late - Bored Ep 58  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKRXI8xpLCs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Learning how to give praise - Loud Compliment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvU4QnE-2nQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Learning the addiction of Reddit the hard way - Reddit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJpCIaOYWZQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Leave Request - Bored Ep83 (Requesting leave can be difficult)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsI1ocqqY30&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Legacy of the Void - Bored Ep 28  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxQRzxD-qlE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Let's play a game (when 'Would you rather' involves a knife and gets serious) - Bored  VLDL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSCYUDn6tPc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Lewis (The white shirt origins) - Bored Ep 54  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P81mRIBR3fg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Locked In - Bored Ep 60  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Yh-BEmc9bA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Love Poem - Bored Ep 119  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_bvuZ8-_n4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Low Blow (When Snapchat Catches You Off Guard) - Bored Ep 57  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBYxd9jY7SI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Mac Gamer - Bored Ep5  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYv3-HfRNcA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Mac Repair - Bored Ep 27  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCrfWmaBy6k&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Mail Drop - Bored Ep 109 (There is a new Electronic whiteboard)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cLRzSe6Lm0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Marketing to women - Girl Gamers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ah4mbOxl7M&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Millionaire - Bored Ep 128 (winning the lottery jackpot)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lezClLnD8o8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Misleading prices in stores - $2000 bag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al7nSLnCL_s&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Missed Call - Bored Ep 56  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NpjB4IdtQg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Missing - Bored Ep 98  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYM5Noiwugs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Mistaking another customer for an employee - Uniform.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rH-0uWrHMjI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Misunderstanding your job description - Delivery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctLmpdCbvUQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Monopoly - Bored Ep 66 (board games vs sad news phone call)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfzHlkNrwqg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Mystery shopper - Bored Ep 80 (Being forced to be a good employee is horrible)  VLDL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGZJEoZ-7aY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Naked Day - Bored Ep 121  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0uXdZSm-pI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

New Beginnings - Bored Ep 100  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMqTsnr0J1M&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

New Keyboard Smell - Bored Ep 107  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQQHnZ8o_MI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

New smell obsession (1235685).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Che4OdVACFo&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

New smell obsession.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Che4OdVACFo&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

No Customers - Bored Ep 74 (working in retail with a crappy boss)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDtuhQyTQ7c&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

No price tag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muysggCiy6s&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Nude - Bored Ep 89  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5R2TfOFFXC0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Old Friends - Bored Ep 51  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWIS0fArF-k&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Opening Hours - Bored Ep 67 (Office Inspired Rule Stickler - Retail be like)  Viva La Dirt League.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SxXdF_ByXA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Out of Stock - Bored Ep 90  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uO411elm49s&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Passive aggressive arguments at work - Lucked Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06NiZ3YPoC0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Pay Rise - Bored Ep 93 (How to ask for a raise)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFkFWj_ktzs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Payday - Bored Ep 72 (finally payday let the money rain!)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IHLxKGXqWQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Paying with coins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTx-BaBuZ6w&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

People who know nothing about computers - Clearing Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzoW_GO45vk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Personal life vs work life - Bad Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9k_x3VBo1I&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Playing immature games at work - Staring Contest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kODQqiCb_QI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Playtech Awards - Bored Ep 126  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-fBJZl-7K4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Pokemon Danger - Bored Ep 43  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DB8XKXf7en8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Pokemon Go Battle Goes Wrong! - Bored Ep 37  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNTiYCLxDjI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Pooping on work time - Poos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSdI1pPTlso&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Pre-Order - Bored Ep 85 (Last one in stock)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPnkuhafvSQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Precious - Bored Ep 52  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7qSm1_Bywo&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Pretending to be an employee - Imposter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsFGJqXnqBE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Pushing Up Day Z's - Bored Ep6  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0OJh8TrlvE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Quick Fix - Bored Ep 42  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdZ2JIGJFn0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Quitting - Bored Ep 96 (Handing in your resignation)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a14evEGbcXg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Reddicted - Bored Ep4  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqqHlkND-Xw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Reddit Rehab - Bored Ep 11  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHquTNRab3w&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Reddit Robbery - Bored Ep 34  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y26xcn6Iotk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Repair Job - Bored Ep84 (Repairs on a mac can be dubious)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxSCWHRAmRU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Return - Bored Ep 101 (Catching a thief in store)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJOByZVVSkM&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Return of the Cookie - Bored Ep113 (the saga continues)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tg4jL_JOoos&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Return of the King - Bored Ep 55  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-bEhd9gq-g&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Rough Cut - Bored Ep 35  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ENj1DS5-J4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Rowan - Bored Ep 111 (complaining about your boss)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQBmckxdZQ4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Rowan claims he's a model.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01-qaIWb6H8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Rowan could literally be a soundboard - Being a Rowan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mFDCiORsCQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Scented Candles - Bored Ep 115 (when customers make strange requests)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXfiEOQ_97U&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Sick - Bored Ep 63  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwlkUUaNwz0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Singing to know the alphabet - ABC Filing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPhVCipx8E4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Skycraft - Bored Ep 106  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WBBThBfK3o&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Slaps - Bored Ep 123  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AvCYQtfsf0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Smelly food at work - Eggy Garlic Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZFFQwT0LZQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Sneaky clauses in work contracts - Keys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mr2xZHcoWRw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Staff Only - Bored Ep 65  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8g9om4_Dyg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Store Credit - Bored Ep 17  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgeZdB-hHKE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Stupid unnecessary meetings at work - Conference Call.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P99NYSEUEog&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Surname - Bored Ep 117 (When customers don't listen)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnZjPNBi1wM&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Teaching employees acceptance through spiritualism - Acceptance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5E8CF729wwg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Teaching your disrespectful employees a lesson - The Lesson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdLMFs_h6fg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Team building with your boss - Simon Says.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efZZcWSjlj8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

That co-worker who is the bosses favorite - Golden Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pj2-7TKFgTw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

That friend who gets all the women - You're a Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q58tiztLlQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Advert - Bored Ep 75 ( Computer Power Plus )  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMi3F_v5DZ0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Bird - Bored Ep 59  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zP3LquAqzx8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Bored Room - Bored Ep 36  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUOEdQZpMJ4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The boss is here to give out some compliments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOMG3Rc8pPg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Confession - Bored Ep 108 (When THAT customer comes in)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_s3MXih3Dg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Cookie - Bored Ep 38  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8vjkInuQsI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Cookie Monster - Bored Ep 39  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94hpw3olsgI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Crush - Bored Ep81 (Trusting people can be difficult)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WH-vfN4dZGk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Expert - Bored Ep 68 (Salesman who pretends to know everything)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwRdCdJtHc0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Fart - Bored Ep114 (when you're caught in the act)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxCj7FInEns&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The fear of public speaking - Presentation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5S0chPNtwZ8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The feeling you get coming back from holiday - Fresh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niRu1KQsUi4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Ghost - Part 1 - Bored Ep 19  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNSzDUXPGgo&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Ghost - Part 2 - Bored Ep 20  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuV7xgaC2uQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Ghost Part 3 - Bored Ep 21  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1N2pHC2PCUk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Girl - Bored Ep 44  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLB_v1UMubc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Gold Shirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77nJkl_0CXo&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Handshake - Bored Ep 24  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPBkTScxfcU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Invite - Bored Ep 33  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQ1ix9Xz4D8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Kiss - Bored Ep 102 (When your boss is a creep)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXTKloFOrms&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Last Jedi - Bored Ep 129  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuYwDjQKMG0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Magic - Bored Ep 49  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZPm57YlCQ0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Magic Trick - Bored Ep 25  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyM8SZfK9pg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Mars or Snickers game - Allergy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Af6XYvsWcY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The New Employee - Bored Ep 29  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GS1ruqrcw8E&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The New Menace (Part One) - Bored Ep 12  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpzJcLYl9AY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The New Menace (Part Three) - Bored Ep 14  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArTPXRpzQrI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The New Menace (Part Two) - Bored Ep 13  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flCKTLm5qic&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The New New Employee - Bored Ep 31  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLOVQ30Bqns&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The problem with workplace jargon - Acronyms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igPIk79wAPg&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Red Shirt - Bored Ep8  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-dp22vqmM0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Red Shirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4kuoMxizt4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Robber - Bored Ep 18  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0QgBX4WFKQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The rules when you get left hanging - High Five.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjT1DlvxgMA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Secret - Bored Ep 61  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hascJniicgs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Superman Effect - Bored Ep 48  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8ou7oq6Td8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The truth about Mondays - Swear Words (NSFW language).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joaRbQ6OutU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Vlogger - Bored Ep 97  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64x-PxB71qY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Voucher - Bored Ep 79 (When customers think they are right)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6PrRUmpaq1Y&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The Wager - Bored (Sleeping on the job Why not place a bet)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcB17xsNTK8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The White Shirt - Bored Ep 50  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EOI2MeLZP8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The White Shirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Bc5I3wlKu4&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

The worst corporate training video ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPntROPnXjE&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Thief - Bored Ep 92  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUexC9-Bqfw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

This is definitely not a Razer advert - Sellout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgZv4JEaTlc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Those friends who take advantage of you - Mates Rates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWg_szaFw-I&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Three Quick Things - Bored Ep 41  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IasNPO_5FI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Treat - Bored Ep112 (when a manager rewards you)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNFgjEq1chk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

True Colors - Bored Ep 53  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncSr2pW7QrI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Using fake money to buy things - Monopoly Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcOw4lDnA9s&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Waiting to be served in retail - One sec.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LltvDkBD6M8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When bumping your head changes your personality - Head Bump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf5OaGZWoUU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When customers give terrible descriptions - Flatclicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoJT68FEXl0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When customers insist on fighting - Argument.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOrad5oK88U&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When sales go wrong - Great Deal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFuDhsxazqs&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When someone offers you a milky tea - Bad Tea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FJQ0TdsMxI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When someone steals your carpark - The carpark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOA64WHCNVQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When the job is just too large for 1 person - Big Delivery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQvzvVeK13Y&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When the product is out of stock - Last Item.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpp7C_eTnPk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When the words don't come out right - The Debate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6le9flCeDCw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When work buys lunch - Free Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55tuYRAo8cQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When workplace mediation goes wrong - Mediation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZdt-9x1EqI&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When you co-worker makes a mistake - Shame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdyD-Ig25GY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When you injure yourself at work - Accident Report.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fK-Fw4CAfL0&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When you never get your product - Delayed Order.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aub7zz2NzSQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When you take the game too far - Hide and Seek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQgxNxTKiLw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When you turn into a cartoon - Animated.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMFuloC5TTQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When you've not eaten in a while - Hangry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LH9Xr2Ptfc&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When your boss has clear favorites - Xmas Bonus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfPnmfIH6ho&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

When your boss is straight up lying - Lies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vvl3jNqsNkY&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Who even uses fax machines anymore - Fax.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rV-0VKSiXsU&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Worst disguise ever - Undercover boss.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRK9WHZ43fw&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Would You Rather - Bored Ep 64  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzqXGuCF5vk&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

Xmas Special - Bored Ep 30  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SVLYp2HWrA&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm

You lick it you keep it - Lick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_zVeukb9d8&list=PLSMETuURtTXDkOm6Xx4Q-1HS8W54GrBDm
Bored (Playtech)  Viva La Dirt League