
1.  5 Things to Like About the Zhiyun Crane 2S - First Look!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clf1j_-bYow&pp=sAQA

2.  Affordable Anamorphic! Sirui 35mm f1.8 Hands-on.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDDspKbMCyY&pp=sAQA

3.  All New Super Bokeh Bros!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0ZA5XYsDDQ&pp=sAQA

4.  Best 4K 60P Full Frame Camera for the Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bp-GXANRGM&pp=sAQA

5.  Best Value New Leica SL2-S  Best Fast 35mm Lens for Sony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpBYwJuk2Ks&pp=sAQA

6.  Canon C70 Hands-on - Ooooooooooooh YES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDGPZyUxng8&pp=sAQA

7.  Canon EOS R5 - WTF is Wrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fws66Wb6WUc&pp=sAQA

8.  Canon RF 50mm f1.2L vs EF 50mm f1.2L - Can the RF be the new L legend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw7bmk8Xb44&pp=sAQA

9.  Crazy Camera Strap That Turns Into a Tripod!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0eSsSiN9nA&pp=sAQA

10.  Deity D4 Duo Mic - Prize Giveaway!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTgmCFhr8eM&pp=sAQA

11.  DJI Air 2S Hands-on Field Test in a Field + Crashing a DJI FPV!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_vboHcpL_Q&pp=sAQA

12.  DJI FPV Unboxed - 4K 60P  0-100 in 3.5s!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dd72sGs0J_c&pp=sAQA

13.  DJI Mavic Mini vs Mavic Air 2 vs Mavic 2 Pro vs Phantom 4 Pro v. 2 - Which One Should You Buy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMLo78b1sII&pp=sAQA

14.  DJI Osmo Mobile 4 - Great Gimbal Goodness for your Phone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6p6cK1_DO8&pp=sAQA

15.  DJI Pocket 2 - 64MP Pocket Stabilised Cam....really.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9qeUOS5_70&pp=sAQA

16.  DJI RS2 & RSC2 - Killer New Gimbals. What is New.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf4SXnLbWMM&pp=sAQA

17.  Fujifilm X-E4 Hands-on Impressions WIN THIS CAMERA!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDyrdDIPG7E&pp=sAQA

18.  Fujifilm X-S10 - Hands-on Quick First Look Field Test in a Field Test Look.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UctXhZlrm64&pp=sAQA

19.  Hasselblad 907X - My GRAIL Camera is this $6K Medium Format Beast!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwlmDYrUufE&pp=sAQA

20.  Improving Each Other's YouTube Thumbnails Quickly & Easily with Luminar AI!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b3dZWTURyM&pp=sAQA

21.  Incredible LED Light has Crazy Effects and High Speed Sync Flash! (Rotolight Titan X1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vKvy5724nQ&pp=sAQA

22.  Insta 360 One R - Ultimate Action Camera Image Quality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVhhiyCSAyY&pp=sAQA

23.  iPhone 12 Pro Max - Not The Compact Killer I'd Hoped For.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PDIOcJSQfA&pp=sAQA

24.  Laowa 15mm f4.5 Zero Distortion + Shift!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqhnGhnILc4&pp=sAQA

25.  Leica M10-R Hands-on  Affordable Photo Editing Controller Unboxing  Mish Mash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0bj4nhIXVU&pp=sAQA

26.  M-Mount Full Frame Cine Camera! First Look Hands-on.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wu-5pTL27GU&pp=sAQA

27.  Mistakes Photographers Make When Taking Low Light Photos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZPuAAvKZqk&pp=sAQA

28.  My Home VideoDesk Setup Tour! Everything I need in a Simple Setup..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZT1aZVsdmk&pp=sAQA

29.  New Direction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xciZa0JeWNE&pp=sAQA

30.  Nikon Z6 II and Z7 II - Harder Better Faster Stronger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArTBCUjt1hU&pp=sAQA

31.  Nikon Zfc First Look - Mirrorless Camera with Awesome FM Film Camera Styling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v52KS-T8gMg&pp=sAQA

32.  Old School Photography - 100 Things You Must Know to Take Fantastic Film Photos BOOK #AD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDCbZeZU4jM&pp=sAQA

33.  Panasonic G100 - What You Need to Know About This Tiny Vlogging Camera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ocqKYNohXQ&pp=sAQA

34.  Panasonic GH6! Oh, and the GH5 II Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIZdKZk5KG4&pp=sAQA

35.  Panasonic S5 - Nailed It (sort of)! $2K Full Frame Mirrorless with 4K 60P!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjU483Zm2mc&pp=sAQA

36.  Panasonic's Quirky Cube Camera - Best Micro Four Thirds Will Get! BGH-1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUwl4yvcdvo&pp=sAQA

37.  Pentax K3 III - DSLRs Aren't Dead Yet! (First Impressions).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pU_mHIu9kJc&pp=sAQA

38.  Reasons to get a Wireless Transmitter (Accsoon CineEye 2Pro).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-ZBUSLjDEI&pp=sAQA

39.  Sirui 24mm f2.8 Anamorphic - Close Focusing and Anamorphic Flaring!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRwURs-yU0E&pp=sAQA

40.  Sirui 75mm f1.8 Anamorphic - Hands-on First Look!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XC6QRufwyQ&pp=sAQA

41.  Sony 12-24mm f2.8 GM - FASTEST ULTRA WIDE ZOOM AROUND!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTObzDJmykc&pp=sAQA

42.  Sony 14mm f1.8 GM - Absolutely Killing it With Their Lens Designs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFtDN_74KWk&pp=sAQA

43.  Sony 50mm f1.2 GM - The E-Mount Bokeh Master!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diAk2WZ4y5A&pp=sAQA

44.  Sony A7C - Well, I wasn't expecting THAT to Happen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOFDmEmq8rc&pp=sAQA

45.  Sony a7S III Hands-on Review - What a HUGE Surprise This is....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ2GK3riMg8&pp=sAQA

46.  Sony Alpha 1 Hands-on First Look at the $6,500, 50MP, 8K Beast!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFLAI0tbTuc&pp=sAQA

47.  Sony Compact Trio of Lenses - Nearly Perfect (24mm f2.8G, 40mm f2.5G, 50mm f2.5G).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB_W0BLDwyc&pp=sAQA

48.  Sony FX3 Exactly NOT What You Expected it to be.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cjpvqe3J9M&pp=sAQA

49.  Sony FX6 - Coolest 4K Full Frame Cine Camera for the $.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOP1UJSVy-g&pp=sAQA

50.  Sony Xperia 1 III - Super-Specced Photo Phone (But Why Those Lenses!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fywi8WwinTo&pp=sAQA

51.  Sony Xperia PRO - A Bold Statement in the Art of Sony-ism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOtf1nlE8Y8&pp=sAQA

52.  Sony ZV-E10 Hands-on Review - Lower PriceBigger Sensor Vlogging Cam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7NqoYmZW-Q&pp=sAQA

53.  Stronger Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46EQebNoBxY&pp=sAQA

54.  The $6,500 Sony Alpha 1 - Who's It Made For.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCl5MlvQ8kY&pp=sAQA

55.  The Only Filter You'll Ever Need - RevoRing Vari ND + CPL with a BIG difference!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vJIrIyokjI&pp=sAQA

56.  What's in my Mini Camera Bag  3 Cameras  DJI Mini 2 - Prize Giveaway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qyHyN6tXrtk&pp=sAQA

57.  Why Raw Video is What You Need.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=022IVy7NVVE&pp=sAQA

58.  World's First Interchangeable Lens 24K Gold Gimbal Vlogging 4K Cam! SBB Ep.11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKCG0zUNjeY&pp=sAQA

59.  Xperia 1 II - Could be The Perfect Phone for Photographers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnmxXA3-No4&pp=sAQA

60.  Zhiyun Smooth Q3 - Lightweight Phone Gimbal with a Built-in Light!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CbRN3GjbSM&pp=sAQA
Kai W