
..got stress Adrenal Fatigue and exhausted internal resources..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1O-Sja2BN8

Are You A Doctor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6X6aVTf69x4

Back to the garden.. a story of sustainable living.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKe97AYWsL8

Can You Cure Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kemn2r9b92s

Detox, Part Five; Yeast, The Fungus Among Us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7z9DDmTBiso

Detox, Part Four; The Lymphatic System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OwpYckmhY0

Detox, Part Seven; The Skin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wZvrRjFyeg

Detox, Part Six; Digestive System and Estrogen Clearance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhmZO_uMuVM

Detox, Part Three; The Urinary System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3ImaEReLnY

Detox, Part Two; The Respiratory System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMftacYIU9Y

Detoxification
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RGAp_SzneRI

Do You Take Insurance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks8sPn-nlmg

Eliminate Fatigue, Skip the Energy Crash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPWtsvuj-sg

Facial Plastic Surgeon, Dr. Mark Glasgold Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJTl0tq-0BU

Facial Plastic Surgeon, Dr. Mark Glasgold Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1U6MTldLD2I

Facial Plastic Surgeon, Dr.Mark Glasgold Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP8sQKIoMKg

Facial Plastic Surgery Herbal Prep + Recovery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJC1A92-42k

Farm To Table The Cherry Grove Farm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7P4e_2er3M

Fertility & Herbal Medicine, a story of Life and Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suxwYBmsxJ0

Fertility Support with Herbal Medicine; A story of Praise, Love, Life.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swY8_Yjuyw0

FOX Business Analyst Jeffrey Sica Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9nSOV4HEcs

FOX Business Analyst Jeffrey Sica Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0jiucVQh8Y

From Patient to Supportive Team At Rachael's Desk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSxJHwu6X4E

Getting Started [pre-2016 relocation]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpalBOh53zA

Gift Yourself... Time.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvXhGs32-v0

Healthy Balance Distinctly Your Own [A Conversation]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdiU-GaPf2s

Hormone Imbalance - Immune Compromise - Cancer + Chemical Load
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8XZ1HwCcmg

How Are Herbal Medicines Taken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSOn0pyshhg

How Do You Work With My Doctor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQdNoeU7tv0

How To Take Tami's Herbal Medicines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtU7O_-3Nqk

Integrative vs Alternative Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqRoY2OKzmA

Intro 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3pjWvdnh_0

Intro 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tM9PqrpjFMU

Intro to Detox, A Series. Part One.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hmixnr6jGBI

Its About What Works For YOU, Not Just Me (as Your Practitioner)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKDlTf1iXrw

moo cow kisses...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZU71KR4D_g

Must I Take Herbs Forever, once I start
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4aNMOLU2Mo

My Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwYee36N-Lw

Natirar From Seed to Sprout, Growing WellCare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfvToYdMuGM

Options A Thorough Consultation By Phone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFno8awNWsA

Processing and Moving Forward; A Story of Healing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcvieq5YmWA

Relentless Entrepreneur  - High Octane Lifestyle Balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLyxRz0FGfU

Same and Next Day Turnaround, Tailor-Made
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bcp2qfLKrY

Solutions are here for you.. all along!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8jeFODvxwg

Supplement concerns Ingredients and their Sources
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpIt3narxY0

Surviving a Toxic World Chemical Load, Realistically Speaking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPasq7_n3Fg

Tailor-made SameNext Day Turnaround
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gy6d9tPAcpE

Tolerance, Custom Reformulation [True Patient Experience]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J39KKUJm9BY

Transitioning off Medications Naturally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCN36ZF6Isk

Waking Up Between 3 to 4am
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQYT2MQVrXA

Welcome to my Channel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGUAY7kFycY

Well-care is like a Road Trip...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6R9GalG_WfA

What Are Herbal Medicines, Exactly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i9WL9aKo770

What Does A Consultation Look Like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jxwawMhjhg

What is Compounding (of Herbal Medicines)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waGn_uZ2p1o

What's the Difference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EstB35j8Roc

Why Choose Tami
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-LfqQJ1l-Q
The Medical Herbalist Apothecary - Videos