
1.  50 Cent - Candy Shop (Official Music Video) ft. Olivia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRcnnId15BA&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

2.  50 Cent - In Da Club (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qm8PH4xAss&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

3.  50 Cent - P.I.M.P. (Snoop Dogg Remix) ft. Snoop Dogg, G-Unit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDApZhXTpH8&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

4.  Alicia Keys - No One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rywUS-ohqeE&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

5.  Avril Lavigne - Complicated (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NPBIwQyPWE&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

6.  Avril Lavigne - Sk8er Boi (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIy3n2b7V9k&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

7.  Backstreet Boys - Everybody (Backstreet's Back) (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M6samPEMpM&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

8.  Backstreet Boys - I Want It That Way (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fndeDfaWCg&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

9.  Bad Day - Daniel Powter [Lyrics on screen].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SEn1y2RAgs&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

10.  Beyoncé - Crazy In Love ft. JAY Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViwtNLUqkMY&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

11.  Beyoncé - Halo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnVUHWCynig&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

12.  Beyoncé - Irreplaceable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EwViQxSJJQ&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

13.  Beyoncé - Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It) (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m1EFMoRFvY&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

14.  Blackstreet - No Diggity (Official Music Video) ft. Dr. Dre, Queen Pen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KL9mRus19o&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

15.  Bleeding Love Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rIs2S2WH7M&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

16.  Britney Spears - ...Baby One More Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-u5WLJ9Yk4&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

17.  Britney Spears - Oops!...I Did It Again (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CduA0TULnow&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

18.  Britney Spears - Toxic (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOZuxwVk7TU&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

19.  Chamillionaire - Ridin' (Official Music Video) ft. Krayzie Bone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtwJvgPJ9xw&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

20.  Chris Brown - Forever (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sMKX22BHeE&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

21.  Chris Brown - With You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmjdaBaZe8Y&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

22.  Christina Aguilera - Come On Over (All I Want Is You).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RQDIJ2CvbA&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

23.  Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, Mya, Pink - Lady Marmalade (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQa7SvVCdZk&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

24.  Daddy Yankee - Gasolina [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGKrc3A6HHM&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

25.  Destiny's Child - Say My Name (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQgd6MccwZc&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

26.  Destiny's Child - Survivor (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wmc8bQoL-J0&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

27.  Fergie - Clumsy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tf_gPZSDIxI&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

28.  Fergie - Fergalicious (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T0utQ-XWGY&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

29.  Fergie - Glamorous (Official Music Video) ft. Ludacris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0SyUgw98tE&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

30.  Fergie big girls don't cry lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvAQAeLa-jY&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

31.  Gnarls Barkley - Crazy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bd2B6SjMh_w&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

32.  Gwen Stefani - Hollaback Girl (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kgjkth6BRRY&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

33.  Gwen Stefani - The Sweet Escape (Closed Captioned) ft. Akon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0lf_fE3HwA&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

34.  Hey there delilah lyrics..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoaT6WXUV_M&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

35.  Jennifer Lopez - I'm Real (Remix) ft. Ja Rule.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sjx9oSJDAVQ&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

36.  Jennifer Lopez - Jenny from the Block (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dly6p4Fu5TE&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

37.  Jesse McCartney - Beautiful Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAG3hJ50_Vc&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

38.  Jesse McCartney - Leavin' (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zR5_KkxgGqE&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

39.  Jesse McCartney ft. Ludacris - How Do You Sleep (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bsXRqI1WbI&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

40.  Jessie J - Price Tag ft. B.o.B.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMxX-QOV9tI&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

41.  Jordin Sparks, Chris Brown - No Air (Official Video) ft. Chris Brown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBKnpyoFEBo&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

42.  Justin Timberlake - Cry Me A River (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DksSPZTZES0&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

43.  Justin Timberlake - Rock Your Body (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSVHoHyErBQ&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

44.  Justin Timberlake - SexyBack (Director's Cut) ft. Timbaland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gOHvDP_vCs&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

45.  Kanye West - Gold Digger ft. Jamie Foxx.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vwNcNOTVzY&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

46.  Kanye West - Stronger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsO6ZnUZI0g&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

47.  Katy Perry - I Kissed A Girl (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAp9BKosZXs&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

48.  Kelis - Milkshake (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGL2rytTraA&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

49.  Kelly Clarkson - Miss Independent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dS1ZW0FdoIU&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

50.  Kelly Clarkson - Since U Been Gone (VIDEO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7UrFYvl5TE&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

51.  Maroon 5 - She Will Be Loved (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIjVuRTm-dc&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

52.  Maroon 5 - This Love (Closed Captioned).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPpTgCho5ZA&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

53.  N Sync - I Want You Back [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYSArdS0uSg&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

54.  Nelly - Hot In Herre (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeZZr_p6vB8&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

55.  Nelly - Ride Wit Me (Official Music Video) ft. St. Lunatics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtSDWq6HsJE&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

56.  Nelly Furtado - Promiscuous (Official Music Video) ft. Timbaland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J3vgcE5i2o&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

57.  Nelly Furtado - Say It Right (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JnGBs88sL0&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

58.  NSYNC - Bye Bye Bye (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo-KmOd3i7s&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

59.  NSYNC - Girlfriend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saxnXiBKEaY&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

60.  NSYNC - It's Gonna Be Me (It's Gonna Be May - Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQMlWwIXg3M&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

61.  NSYNC - Pop (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWZKw_MgUPI&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

62.  Nsync - Tearin Up My Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_Lbhv0xUY4&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

63.  Outkast - Hey Ya! (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWgvGjAhvIw&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

64.  Outkast - Roses (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWju37TZfo0&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

65.  Owl City - Fireflies (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psuRGfAaju4&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

66.  Rihanna - Disturbia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1mU6h4Xdxc&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

67.  Rihanna - Don't Stop The Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yd8jh9QYfEs&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

68.  Rihanna - Pon de Replay (Internet Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEauWw9ZGrA&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

69.  Rihanna - Take A Bow (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3UjJ4wKLkg&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

70.  Rihanna - Umbrella (Orange Version) (Official Music Video) ft. JAY-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvBfHwUxHIk&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

71.  Sean Kingston - Beautiful Girls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrTz5xjmso4&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

72.  Sean Kingston - Me Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t130Gzik-RM&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

73.  Sean Paul - Temperature (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dW2MmuA1nI4&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

74.  Shakira - Hips Don't Lie ft. Wyclef Jean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUT5rEU6pqM&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

75.  Snoop Dogg - Drop It Like It's Hot (Official Music Video) ft. Pharrell Williams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtUVQei3nX4&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

76.  T-Pain - Im In Love With A Stripper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lKcr5vkOxNs&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

77.  The Black Eyed Peas - Boom Boom Pow (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m48GqaOz90&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

78.  The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD4vsh1zDA&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

79.  The Black Eyed Peas - Just Can't Get Enough (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrTyD7rjBpw&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

80.  The Black Eyed Peas - Let's Get It Started.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKqV7DB8Iwg&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

81.  The Black Eyed Peas - Pump It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaI2IlHwmgQ&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

82.  The Black Eyed Peas - The Time (Dirty Bit) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwQZQygg3Lk&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

83.  The Black Eyed Peas - Where Is The Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpYeekQkAdc&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

84.  The Pussycat Dolls - Don't Cha (Official Music Video) ft. Busta Rhymes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNSxNsr4wmA&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

85.  The Pussycat Dolls - When I Grow Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0K46C82v9o&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

86.  Timbaland - Apologize ft. OneRepublic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSM3w1v-A_Y&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

87.  Timbaland - The Way I Are ft. Keri Hilson, D.O.E., Sebastian (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5rLz5AZBIA&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-

88.  Usher - You Make Me Wanna... (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQRzrnH6_HY&list=PLW_aX2Vduw-QTQDdmL7TdEiL_X8ldMyQ-
Best pop of the 2000s (lyrics)