
1.  Compilation #1  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feEMZ47Q6Sk&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

2.  Compilation #2  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPJWxKsbfhE&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

3.  Compilation #3 Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQTC0DORYBo&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

4.  Compilation #4  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wv1g9H6pq8&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

5.  Compilation #5  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujchMOmffgw&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

6.  Everyone Loves Pizza!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GiyA49fME4&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

7.  First Day At The Gym Fail  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5KrDLwLg80&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

8.  Getting People's Attention  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mQtrD7r3pk&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

9.  Happy Easter Everybody!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfUxLhQw8gw&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

10.  HELPING PEOPLE!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRfvE80KFDQ&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

11.  High Five!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEvfkM69S-w&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

12.  IT WAS ME! Madonna at Brit Awards 2015  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPhL9K9i3TI&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

13.  ITS RATTY! Dead Rat Prank  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2J6N4-5iuo&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

14.  MUSICAL MONDAY  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwNVAIlMeA8&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

15.  My First Vines  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hG4R7AIj2Dw&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

16.  My X-FACTOR Audition!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8575pMoNBtY&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

17.  She doesn't Like Gorillas  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZZ3j052ZYQ&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

18.  Singing I Will Survive In Public!  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiPGxXz3uNQ&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

19.  The 20 & 50 Challenge Prank  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0LI3Ncx1oQ&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

20.  THE TEXT TONE PRANK  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hq0WKJriJLM&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

21.  The Worst Private Investigator #1  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHk1cfh3W8s&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

22.  The Worst Private Investigator #2  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8i-4eipV7-s&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE

23.  When The Ketchup Lets You Down  Arron Crascall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQ78V3qDJWo&list=PL1BcXdWjq9L3w4eadDBjmQOReZDta15vE
Golden Oldies