
13906.  Components of UNIX, Execution Flow, Basic Commands with Online Terminal  Session - 2  By DURGA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zfh8eC7cY0

13908.  File System Navigation Commands & LINUX File System Hierarchy  Session - 4  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aqx97d4NSbg

13911.  Introduction, Characteristics & Flavours  Session - 1  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txRD_bK062Y

13915.  LINUX Classes  Session - 15 View Content of Files  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuzpoZwDcZU

13920.  LINUX Classes  Session - 21 wc command (word count command)  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmPHZBR-9Wk

13926.  LINUX Classes  Session - 24 Input, Output and Error Redirection  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_B6BIxlYFw

13933.  LINUX Classes  Session - 25 Piping and Importance of tee and xargs commands  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ko3VktocAQw

13941.  LINUX Classes  Session - 27 Command Aliasing  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2I-Qfa0HkBQ

13950.  LINUX Classes  Session - 35 grep vs egrep vs fgrep commands  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9ViEtXctPc

13960.  LINUX Classes  Session - 39 cut command and various options with clear examples  By Mr. DURGA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFD57jbd_Gk

13971.  LINUX Classes  Session - 40 paste command with clear examples  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9u_ytq_0xQ

13983.  LINUX Classes  Session - 41 tr command with clear examples  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLDjHVBqEi4

13996.  LINUX Classes  Session - 54 Variable Substitution and Command Substitution  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLIMfM88hME

14010.  LINUX Classes  Session - 6 Virtual Box and Ubuntu Installation Part-1  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZF8i52eM5jA

14025.  LINUX Classes  Session - 69 Arrays - Multiple Demo Scripts to get Perfection  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqEJ9PUHwbo

14041.  LINUX Classes  Session - 7. Virtual Box and Ubuntu Installation Part-2  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntxHMilUnBk

14058.  LINUX Classes  Session - 8  ls command and its options  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpxT2L3t1a8

14076.  LINUX Classes  Session - 9 Date and Cal commands  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmJyVY1Mvww

14095.  LINUX Classes  Session-58 Control Statements - if, elif, else  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUbYfcGHrGk

14115.  LINUX Classes  Session-62 Case Statement and Demo Scripts  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Q3W8UPOZPg

14136.  LINUX Classes  Session-65 Excellent Scripts by using while, break and continue  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcgBYJ3-eiw

14158.  LINUX Classes  Session-75 Shell Scripting Project-1 Secret Agent Application  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lw7UCto9QAQ

14181.  LINUX ClassesSession-29 How to use Regular Expressions with Linux Commands-28 ExamplesBy DURGA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9EDJWTmZGM

14205.  LINUX ClassesSession-32 JACKPOT Assignment, Differences between find & locate commandsBy DURGA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6t9R2t424HU

14230.  LINUX ClassesSession-56 Reading Dynamic Data from the user by using read keywordBy DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUkIlYbo5P8

14256.  Session-49. What is Shell, Types of Shell, Default Shell & Switching between Shells By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsUcY5Tm6Us

14283.  Session-50 How to Write & Run First Shell Script and Importance of Shabang  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nujs7VhT9zo

14311.  Session-71 Shell Script Functions - Several Example Scripts with Clear Explanation  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmdiIv2Z3rA

14340.  Session-72 Shell Script Functions- Demo Scripts on Prime Numbers and many more  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dr3kJmUZnJQ

14370.  Session-77 Shell Scripting Project-3 DURGASOFT Book Management Application  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYa7fHd1Gxs

14401.  Types of Files in LINUX  Session - 3  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Y4bjL-fBMY

14433.  UNIXLINUX For Beginners  Live Session - 1  By Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALU8LhiCWGw

14466.  UNIXLINUX for Beginners  Live Stream - 2  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1QHv8UFUi0

14500.  UNIXLINUX for Beginners  Live Stream - 3  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTSTjCQTwI4

14535.  UNIXLINUX for Beginners  Live Stream - 4  By DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-h021IMtP4g

14571.  UNIXLINUX for Beginners  Live Stream - 5  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTMRu3-a5pg

14608.  UNIXLINUX for Beginners  Live Stream - 6  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmtRvKs0LRw

14646.  UNIXLINUX for Beginners  Live Stream - 7  By Mr. DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AMPKb-sEZXc

14685.  UnixLinux Tutorials  Beautiful Stunt In Redirection  by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiXzHmBrO28

14725.  UnixLinux Tutorials  Finding Biggest of 3 Numbers  by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SYzHB3_rmh4

14766.  UnixLinux Tutorials  How to Write and Run PYTHON program in LINUX    by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gyhx6xFp1mg

14808.  UnixLinux Tutorials  Input,Output and Error Redirection In Simple Way  by DURGA Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VOoibeR_Pg

14851.  UnixLinux Tutorials  Shell Script for Digital Timer  by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpxDkwiOFbI

14895.  UnixLinux Tutorials  The Comparison of Two Integer Numbers  by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8qi8ruJK34

14940.  UnixLinux Tutorials  The Funniest Example with if else  by Durgasir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVakgtBDP7o

14986.  UnixLinux Tutorials  Word Count (wc) Command in UNIXLINUX  by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jxybw9blgsM

15033.  You can find Sunny very easily in Linux !!! by Durga Sir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxvoo7f7htE
Linux Tutorial For Beginners