
BONDI HIPSTERS - Dom's Audition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQ-mANRk7EY&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=15

BONDI HIPSTERS - Free Wifi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xewn6yinI-Y&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=23

BONDI HIPSTERS - Functional Menswear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gmd5nAggeg&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=6

BONDI HIPSTERS - Going to Vipassanã
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CPIa0-M0tI&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=24

BONDI HIPSTERS - Inside the Yogi's Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEaO8D_qxVM&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=11

BONDI HIPSTERS - New 2015 Fashion Trends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xDXjlFdyD8&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=13

BONDI HIPSTERS - Next Level Normcore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vlg9l9CqnM&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=9

BONDI HIPSTERS - on Brazilian Dudes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-2VUZiUPtY&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=3

BONDI HIPSTERS - on Dove Real Beauty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tANHXs5R0Aw&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=21

BONDI HIPSTERS - on News Media
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGsF8VS31ig&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=18

BONDI HIPSTERS - on Partying with Celebrities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUfwoRth5u4&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=19

BONDI HIPSTERS - On Veganism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_rLGt1sb3Q&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=20

BONDI HIPSTERS - on White Privilege
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1At6v6OZ7SQ&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=22

BONDI HIPSTERS - One Night's Rent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBhJj_tr6tU&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=8

BONDI HIPSTERS - Professional Party DJs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebc9eXn8U50&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=2

BONDI HIPSTERS - Taking Ayahuasca
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZfGR5K-uig&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=16

BONDI HIPSTERS - The 2016 US Election
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLm9CzyXD1c&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=7&t=113s

BONDI HIPSTERS - The Flat Earth Conspiracy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UA46NuoSN98&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=5

BONDI HIPSTERS - Yoga Farts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSvVkHrhjzY&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=12

BONDI HIPSTERS - Yoga Oms and The Ego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlAV4niE-wQ&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=10

Fox News be like...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K33OSzcJGt8&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=14

Kuntfunder - Crowdfunding Campaign Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCZ1iJ1n5D4&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=1

People with office jobs be like...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4dVaqghXfc&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=17

PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFG1vcO-uxo&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=4

THE PIPI DANCE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIsPgKBYnlc&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=25
Bondi Hipsters