
Top 50 Superhero Movies Ant-Man - #25.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx5ytWctl5c

Top 50 Superhero Movies Avengers Age of Ultron - #33.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m44SFULRXKo

Top 50 Superhero Movies Batman - #18.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dA6AqLEDO1Y

Top 50 Superhero Movies Batman Begins - #14.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTaxDBVsdtk

Top 50 Superhero Movies Batman Returns - #32.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pu-AeyRbSNg

Top 50 Superhero Movies Big Hero 6 - #28.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtFI4l8IVxA

Top 50 Superhero Movies Blade - #38.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbzTPXuzjJQ

Top 50 Superhero Movies Blade II - #34.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpLCUyozOEA

Top 50 Superhero Movies Captain America Civil War - #3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOeT1Tg4OKE

Top 50 Superhero Movies Captain America The First Avenger - #26.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZvJ6pCVHlk

Top 50 Superhero Movies Captain America The Winter Soldier - #5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbeVxvpbFyo

Top 50 Superhero Movies Chronicle - #24.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy8bIxf93R0

Top 50 Superhero Movies Deadpool - #11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQHn_dogjH8

Top 50 Superhero Movies Doctor Strange - #39.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WYYBM_zMOY

Top 50 Superhero Movies Dredd - #47.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUMLqI0dDeI

Top 50 Superhero Movies Guardians of the Galaxy - #12.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7m5U8yCYRg

Top 50 Superhero Movies Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 - #37.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TF52EKGJ7ho

Top 50 Superhero Movies Hellboy - #40.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRdXg-B_7s4

Top 50 Superhero Movies Hellboy II The Golden Army - #35.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbiWlcqajao

Top 50 Superhero Movies Honorable Mentions - Batman V Superman and More.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMjPGwaKhd4

Top 50 Superhero Movies Iron Man - #9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5i5LDLFgRA

Top 50 Superhero Movies Iron Man 3 - #46.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFcW_A0GvaA

Top 50 Superhero Movies Kick-Ass - #20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suaTsd15ed0

Top 50 Superhero Movies Logan - #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGu9ZPJhieY

Top 50 Superhero Movies Man Of Steel - #43.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYTk6E7-L9E

Top 50 Superhero Movies Power Rangers - #49.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5yiMspVAOA

Top 50 Superhero Movies Spider-Man - #22.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLuQy59DG8U

Top 50 Superhero Movies Spider-Man 2 - #15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1UUAj1U5CM

Top 50 Superhero Movies Spider-Man Homecoming - #13.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHiYa_D5NDc

Top 50 Superhero Movies Superman - #6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ptoy0tpVKYU

Top 50 Superhero Movies Superman II - #21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGdSxF4pZic

Top 50 Superhero Movies Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - #45.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V89WdO4STJI

Top 50 Superhero Movies The Amazing Spider-Man - #50.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nK-3cjAir_U

Top 50 Superhero Movies The Avengers - #4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOeClz7gkOc

Top 50 Superhero Movies The Crow - #41.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHAAhOmr8gg

Top 50 Superhero Movies The Dark Knight - #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AjuTLBgqiM

Top 50 Superhero Movies The Dark Knight Rises - #36.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1TdKy-m0Pc

Top 50 Superhero Movies The Incredible Hulk - #44.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OjsyTH8Cb8

Top 50 Superhero Movies The Incredibles - #7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knpTLH7QAsc

Top 50 Superhero Movies The LEGO Batman Movie - #30.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5GwV-1zPHU

Top 50 Superhero Movies The Rocketeer - #29.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaQ2lpiDnlY

Top 50 Superhero Movies Thor - #27.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXmxWrWjkKo

Top 50 Superhero Movies Thor The Dark World - #48.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbTzKQwKt3I

Top 50 Superhero Movies Unbreakable - #16.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f30pk3DZgeg

Top 50 Superhero Movies V for Vendetta - #31.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QoZ4RfL2Jks

Top 50 Superhero Movies Watchmen - #42.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVqE7u2OTYo

Top 50 Superhero Movies Wonder Woman - #8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtnbQfj65XQ

Top 50 Superhero Movies X-Men - #23.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTQ5L1BoALE

Top 50 Superhero Movies X-Men Days of Future Past - #17.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=db9q1Gvg6Jg

Top 50 Superhero Movies X-Men First Class - #19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2dGuTwrs_w

Top 50 Superhero Movies X2 - #10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CaKrD3Bo0Dg
Top 50 Superhero Movies of All Time