
1.  Bill Haley & His Comets - Rock Around The Clock (1955) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgdufzXvjqw&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

2.  Blueberry hill - Fats Domino Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxZ5iVhQ6iI&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

3.  Bo Diddley - Bo Diddley (1969).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPVKQ9n5604&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

4.  Buddy Holly & The Crickets - That'll be the Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RU769ErbfxU&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

5.  Chuck Berry - Maybelline (1955).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjrQWU2EcsA&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

6.  Clyde McPhatter & The Drifters - Money Honey (1953).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8oNHMNCSjQ&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

7.  Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

8.  Eddie Cochran - Summertime Blues (Town Hall Party - 1959).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti38LFY7x1Y&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

9.  Elvis Presley - Don't Be Cruel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViMF510wqWA&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

10.  Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock (Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj0Rz-uP4Mk&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

11.  elvis presley-hound dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzQ8GDBA8Is&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

12.  Everly Brothers - Bye Bye Love - Original HQ Audio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRyrWN-fftE&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

13.  FATS DOMINO - AIN'T THAT A SHAME 1955.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6JZW7zMDfY&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

14.  Hank Williams sr.     Your Cheatin`Heart. wmv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntZHU-Ue6ds&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

15.  Huey Piano Smith - Rockin' Pneumonia and the Boogie Woogie Flu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUrASJk5WBU&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

16.  I walk the line - Young Johnny.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEV58ztuihs&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

17.  In the Still of the Night-The Five Satins-original song-1956.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRb1-SAAIzs&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

18.  Little Richard - Good Golly Miss Molly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZ6h0kyqSRk&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

19.  Little Richard - Long Tall Sally.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFFgbc5Vcbw&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

20.  Little Richard - Rip It Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pc_F3PaYgl0&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

21.  Little Richard - Tutti Frutti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F13JNjpNW6c&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

22.  little willie John    Fever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRrEQcEG5KY&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

23.  LLOYD PRICE   Lawdy Miss Clawdy   1952.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYO263wui1w&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

24.  School Days - Chuck Berry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHG5-GxI_Es&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

25.  The Crew Cuts - Sh Boom Sh Boom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9G0-4TWwew&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

26.  The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

27.  The Penguins - Earth Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

28.  The Platters - The Great Pretender - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwfmbXJEBtY&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs

29.  Why Do Fools Fall In Love-Frankie Lymon+The Teenagers-1956.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sAHiR0rkJg&list=PLJwjh0h_yZsY0v-S2ZJqAvgdwJ76IcpPs
1950 - 100 Greatest Rock 'n' Roll Songs of the 50s