
21 Outfits in 21 Minutes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aI690PHZXyo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

5 Minute Crafts is a Scam Concrete Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5MJp7_LTkE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Addressing Your Assumptions About Me (DRUNK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-ISAWzZ5Bc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Addressing Your Assumptions About Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRwEf1-ti3o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Adventures in Vegan Cooking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ahNqOrn6Z0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Being Honest With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqBZ2rgVeos&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Best Friends Play Truth or Dare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kouUbpu1dO0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Black-Owned Restaurant Mukbang (rants, storytimes, etc.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gI35XVPWoLE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Brutally Honest Review of Grammys 2021 Red Carpet (big yikes)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWvbBFGu_CA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Brutally Honest Review of Met Gala 2019 (no one is safe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXng0hdpztc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Cleaning Out My Closet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lisxvNEd5nQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Dollar Store Drag Queen Transformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCx1UON4Z04&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Drunk Prank Calls (MESSY)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsOzGdb1DK0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Drunk Thanksgiving Leftovers Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rl6ZfYJ2bI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Dyeing My Hair Leopard Print
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1COWMxgjY8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Dyeing My Hair the Louis Vuitton Pattern
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO7u0Te9uxQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Explaining My Tattoos (STORYTIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boxZujg2yhk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Fast Food French Fry Taste Test (PART 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkGvfuzrRX8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Fast Food I've Never Ordered Taste Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QjTQ4QEIf4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Filling the Mold of My Face (Insane Face Casting)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCkkj8JXnhk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Following Jenna Marbles Follow a Bob Ross Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRkhV_AyA-Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Footage You've Never Seen Before 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-E-GJmcWQw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Footage You've Never Seen Before
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfpO5XU9AXQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

FREESTYLE SINGING OVER ROYALTY FREE MUSIC (caution you will get WET)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2O_SjeRsonk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Going Through Every Old Report Card with My Mom (BRUTAL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FsxUJ9Fok0&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

GROWN ADULTS FAIL AT ELEMENTARY MATH TESTS  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dQQxuUAN4c&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

HOW I LOST SO MUCH WEIGHT SO FAST...THE TRUTH (40 POUNDS!!)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSbHe4C5AeY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I almost didn't make it out alive and I'm so grateful I did (please watch)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXPJyDX9L-Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Ate Edibles and Watched Camp Rock 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQggatN719g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Ate Edibles and Watched CATS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PFBF7ZMhFk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Ate Edibles and Watched Twilight (1767104)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV-6xNTM54Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Ate Edibles and Watched Twilight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV-6xNTM54Y&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Bought Everything from Seth Rogen's Weed Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lm3FaE34NlQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I ENDED UP AT MY UBER DRIVER'S HOUSE THE NEXT MORNING (DRUNK STORYTIME)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTpu5AJuDeU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Found Bumps on My Genitals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJOKArK8x_w&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Got High and Read Florida News
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHbyPWaiiIs&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I GOT HIGH AND TRIED ASMR...  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dgr56VSLBnY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Have a New Roommate...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cC5zXB7x5A&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Interviewed a 2020 Presidential Candidate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bP7EdBiCeaQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Let My Followers Pick My Hair Color
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmGhdOu0SOU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Let My Postmate Pick Our Food Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLTZ0IWeVog&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Made a Mold of My Face (RIP Eyebrows)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ega51e2cHsY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Paid for Trisha Paytas' Patreon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmAsahMHuf8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Was Verbally Assaulted While Voting (STORYTIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYBtLgVh8Jk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Wasn't Going to Post but I Need To
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ucfVKa5aZY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I Went on Omegle and This is What Happened
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ls1f6eWdSew&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

I'm Just Done
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRNnsfj5ZFA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Interviewing Strangers on Xbox Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VH0SiNp_XI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Making a Pair of $850 Platform Crocs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyHpJBTdRjw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Me Drunk vs. Me High
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcqWZPmYXgM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Mental Health Update (back on meds)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBL074uMcSM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Messy Q&A Mukbang (past breakups, tea, etc)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Na5QVSZRSjc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Middle Kid Update (what's really been going on)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvGet32hwIc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

More of My Worst Celebrity Encounters (STORY TIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xalNwzKxaVU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Most Likely To Roommates Edition (with Christine Sydelko & Andrew Lowe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ge7vI_1eqo8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

MOST LIKELY TO WITH MY ROOMMATES!! (NO BOUNDARIES)  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyuS1MspFkk&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

My 10,000 Calorie Birthday Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEV8O8STFbg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

My First Coachella Storytime (celebrity threats, drugs, and more)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HojxLjSDA9I&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

My First Time Doing Shrooms (STORY TIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2YYIuAFAIA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

My High Thoughts  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uo4K88OQQzI&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

MY SKINCARE ROUTINE FOR PERFECT SKIN + GIVEAWAY  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Spz4UyOMC50&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

My Worst Celebrity Encounters (STORY TIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80KECMHQAio&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Prank Call Roulette with Andrew Lowe (1095102)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh2GKMRagT8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Prank Call Roulette with Andrew Lowe (1327113)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh2GKMRagT8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Prank Call Roulette with Andrew Lowe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yh2GKMRagT8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Prank Calling Basic LA Hotspots as Instabaddies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieEcHHeEpTU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Prank Calling in Sick From Jobs I Don't Have (with Andrew Lowe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfNz3f6Ticc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Prank Calling Random Numbers We Dialed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsU8fQ9VAas&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Prank Calling Weird Craigslist Ads
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4scvM2Smdc&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Ranking Celebrities I've Met
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABDi8SIKagM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Ranking Company's Pride 2021 Clothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Re-CAV-Ts34&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Ranking My Lookalikes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCkvvC7bPJU&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Ranking My Old Outfits (Tier List)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geJSo__pPFw&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Reacting to Trisha Paytas' Video About Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uizO8PEJIk4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Really Awkward Prank Calls (with Andrew Lowe)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyLhGBjXEN4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

REALLY DUMB $2,500+ LUXURY CLOTHING & WEED HAUL  Chris Klemens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pylCwRiWTQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Revealing Your Secrets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfOpg72ZfyA&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Roasting Celebrity Quarantine Outfits (BRUTALLY HONEST)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ow8SJwocs8&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Roasting Outfits from the 2020 AMA's Red Carpet (YIKES)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKS6qmdGVz4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Roasting YouTuber Getty Photos with HauteLeMode (BRUTALLY HONEST)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVvKiFVrlZ4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Roommates Play Truth or Drink (very messy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jriwfShPLtM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Smoke and Storytime The Photoshoot from Hell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TV0sf1sEdtE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Stories from Living in NYC (STORYTIME)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spq7hS3VAGY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

The Anti-Maskers of Florida
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTDmICXO_EE&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

The Truth About Being a YouTuber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_i6_sK49oDo&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

The Ultimate Mukbang with Trisha Paytas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfyKM996ylQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Things I Bought Because of TikTok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKUb4Lj7a0E&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Things I Forgot I Bought
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8koU-c4CY4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Things I Think About in the Bathtub
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yJKsS9d44o&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Things I've Never Bought from Trader Joes Mukbang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHsPJR4v2Qg&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Turning My Head Into the Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEUWcuJx92g&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0icNSjb1g80&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHmpAcc91k4&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Watch My Favorite TikToks With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yWb_NKuthM&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

Watching TikTok for the First Time...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTbdgk0RXdY&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM

What My Hometown is Really Like (STORYTIMES)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhR0kretrkQ&list=PLSjne1BUS-nSMZy2qavtXJlUs4g3orHzM
TALKIN SHT  Chris Klemens