
1 The Anunnaki of Nibiru Lecture by Gerald Clark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvKGzp6FLtc&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

2 The Anunnaki of Nibiru Lecture by Gerald Clark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rvJEBqYWXQ&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

3 The Anunnaki of Nibiru Lecture by Gerald Clark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mECKqFZV3dg&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

4 The Anunnaki of Nibiru Lecture by Gerald Clark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOFajZ1wzfY&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Aliens on Earth, OLD but hiddensupressed videos of 'deceased' people by those they talk about ...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YLMW-rN3zA&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

ANCIENT ALIEN MYSTERY - RISE OF THE ANUNNAKI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ_d7LxTMqc&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

ANCIENT GIANTS existed - Best Full Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jx3vVSSfEs&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Axis shift, Nibiru, & Positive Timeline ETs move Earth to Orion inside techno-SunDual Sun device
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTCVAdkVDzE&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

David Sereda & Pyramid Technology will blow your mind!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnKOSNv_4zQ&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Edmund Marriage  The Annunaki, The Elohim and the Shining Ones - Part 12
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkYje5PYxDI&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Edmund Marriage  The Annunaki, The Elohim and the Shining Ones - Part 22
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZSMDKTlzyc&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Edmund Marriage - Learning From History Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JT1heGsp1aw&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Edmund Marriage - Learning From History Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_GDVg8wcXHk&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Edmund Marriage - Learning From History Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkBBvolJtxM&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Edmund Marriage - Learning From History Part 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJc_dhWap_c&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Edmund Marriage - Learning From History Part 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0kNCSGO3MM&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Edmund Marriage - Learning From History Part 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWSUZkyrhvc&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Edmund Marriage - Learning From History Part 7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k39MYxDGMO0&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Epitome of Hell Face To Face Encounter With A Nephilim!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S52HgoIP4bM&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Fallen Angels Directed The Nazis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elcdJLYq6U0&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Gods of Eden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARZf87IF0fs&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

GODS THE HISTORY OF THE ANUNNAKI & PLANET X ~ Guest Marshall Klarfeld The Paranormal & Beyond™
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hH-VMcWLzJg&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Marshall Klarfeld on VeritasRadio.com  The Anunnaki Were Here!  Segment 1 of 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5dDpooaDAk&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Mount Hermon UN Facility On Nephilim Ground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xR_8NunkQ60&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Nibiru and the Anunnaki Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOMd4XxXrxA&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

NOAH the TRUTH is BIGGER than you thought......the JourNey BeGins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lktmmd7YnD8&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Rafapal Healing Jews’ Trauma from their Duality-based god Yahweh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0E2Z0i9bl68&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Scariest UFO Documentary Ever! - Conspiritus Remake by Xendrius - Proper  Full Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOx3Zdl4738&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

The Anunnaki of Niburu (interview w George Clark ; re his  book)  pt. 1 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOB3-gjPw0Y&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

The Anunnaki of Niburu (interview w George Clark ; re his book) pt.  2 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiQ-PPFtFqM&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

THE NEPHILIM GET MENTIONED AGAIN & WHERE THEY ARE TODAY !!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMMQWrHbD4E&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

The Nephilim In The Ohio Valley! - AnunnakiHuman Hybrids in Ancient North American Indian Tribes!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPX6qg4zZRI&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

The Pyramids of Giza,The Garden Of Eden and Global Cataclysm with Edmund Marriage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSeFrERQcy8&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Thomas Castello, A Dulce Base whistleblower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gSKPz52cVw&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

ZECHARIA SITCHIN - La storia nascosta - ANUNNAKI e il pianeta Nibiru
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpHAJZd2M48&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A

Zecharia Sitchin - Sumerians & The Annunaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THWrzaF3bMI&list=PLEpr4aa9rk9qFJ7BGUdM56tCoFThUj81A
The Elohim are the Anunnaki