
1.  Abusing your femininity - Just A Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBhcQeNd5AM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

2.  Accidentally selling your best gear - Markup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R37sz-pqK5s&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

3.  Animated 8-bit escort quest game logic - Escort Quest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3nvC20P8wM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

4.  Annoying bright spells in games - Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NbwizzxQ_s&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

5.  Annoying cut scenes in games - Unskippable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1PZheRfZu1o&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

6.  Annoying hostage rescue in games - Hostage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9G3Xuqxk-g&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

7.  Annoying playable cutscenes - Quick Time Event.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4D4uoMBghf0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

8.  Assassin logic in games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBhb_bHgiKc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

9.  Attacked during a cutscene - Provoked.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDn12nkM6DE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

10.  Attacking the wrong level NPC - High Level.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQLuq1gcxQA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

11.  Bards are kind of useless in combat - The Bard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2dCzFZ9qcM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

12.  Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 1  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=em-a3CEchd8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

13.  Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 2  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjtU8H2ABn8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

14.  Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 3  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYxQV1G7vCc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

15.  Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 4  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pRg33UGod0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

16.  Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 5 (ASMR and bloopers and general sexual times)  VLDL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=by1avpKRcq8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

17.  Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 6  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dT8N5TAGCOQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

18.  Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 7  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZBWUOe1OZ4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

19.  Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 8  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPRQn0fTJ_I&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

20.  Behind The Scenes - Epic NPC Man Season 9&10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmKVaLQhRYk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

21.  Being a girl in game chat - Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISvFJw9JMlI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

22.  Being carried is boring - Carried.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEM8bTI3ptg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

23.  Being summoned and then abandoned - Summon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUvrLBv2zBc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

24.  BLOOPERS Season 4 - Epic NPC Man  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGbKLax6aOU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

25.  Bodger has been sponsored - Sellout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlX7Trx43to&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

26.  Bumping into an old friend in game – Old Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONxSwMaf2Mo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

27.  Bumping into your rivals - Mugger vs Mugger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMJh_KXiGKU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

28.  Can a simple NPC become self aware - Wood Cutter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQ65MK5ZnHQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

29.  Can an NPC join the fun - Guard Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpQoP9Gh1MI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

30.  Character creation screens in real life - Character creation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3O_A05PDc-M&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

31.  Charisma logic in games - Charisma Ring.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kBjVb_XAFyk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

32.  Clicking the wrong button - Accidental Punch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzT2zIaY34c&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

33.  Comparing quest sizes - Size Matters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gu0g-6TG-c&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

34.  Crafting complex items in RPG's - It's Finished.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnqXMJ9fEzY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

35.  Danger music with no enemies  - Danger Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8T7tyQHM88&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

36.  Did I show you this - The Present.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5o0bTz9-iM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

37.  Dying in games and collecting your items - Ghost.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6m-d4zjmSE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

38.  Eating rotten meat to heal - Rancid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ov4uMipyes&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

39.  Falling too hard for an NPC - Soulmate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXEbFaW0ac8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

40.  Female armor in games - Breastplate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vI5tdORhC0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

41.  Female armour in video games - Equality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3raNknAKQo8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

42.  Finding the quest item too soon - Pre-Finished.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wx3gQe7I8KM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

43.  Finishing off the last quest in the game - Completionist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i7zqnBEECG0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

44.  Fire physics in games - Fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N62DdK-0-8Q&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

45.  Forced to do stupid quests - Fishing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBl2FLEU9Xs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

46.  Forcing NPC's to buy your stuff - Poor Merchant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYsyTq8pF2g&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

47.  Forcing poor NPCs to pay - Payment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXLV1SQhVhw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

48.  Forgetting to mute your mic - Open Mic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kA11NH4z1MA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

49.  Games that recycle the same skins - Skins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSmd_irJJzM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

50.  Getting drunk in games - Alcohol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWWUT580MMw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

51.  Greg teaches Baelin a lesson - The Swap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFHLB9KhnQo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

52.  Healing in the middle of combat - Banquet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_uTPURCBM0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

53.  Healing Light is just a bit too bright - Holy Nova.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwxkz0dePQw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

54.  Healing with food in games - 1HP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAo4poYha78&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

55.  Health potion logic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjXOwUnJzA0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

56.  Helping yourself into NPC houses - Meditate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zf4MoLO2yQU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

57.  How skimpy female armor works - Protection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obAd0zAFMTI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

58.  How to fool an NPC mugger - Invisibility Ring.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9qYN1pEaY8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

59.  How to get past a fallen log - Blocked Path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Yh80SvW9mo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

60.  How to instantly learn new skills in RPG's - Ability Point.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlnorSxB-qQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

61.  How to mug a mugger - Vikings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xu4_AzUoqVU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

62.  How to steal in front of guards - Bucket.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ442NHQGco&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

63.  How to win battles in RPG’s - Pause.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jV_DIvBk-jg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

64.  Insanely popular video game dances - Flip Flap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScTi_FctytU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

65.  Insensitively looting dead bodies - Insensitive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czi9EC9S7Ww&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

66.  Killing new players in games - Spawn Camper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0CJNpqeq8g&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

67.  Lazy adventurers in video games - Bare Minimum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eh2dgK4BMcE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

68.  Learning epic spells in games - Holy Fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLB6rP3KHcc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

69.  Legendary items in RPG's aren't always the best - Sentimental.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xYroItibp2M&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

70.  Levelling up in a boss fight - Level Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Tko7Q2MlMM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

71.  Lighting fires in Warcraft - Campfire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsYlJAP_HG8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

72.  Looking for love in online games - Girlfriend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EfjuGvz_Xc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

73.  Looting random chests in games - Chest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EBn7Dk-4Cc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

74.  Micro transactions be like.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGmXPk5MhuU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

75.  Mini Games - Epic NPC Man (Mini games like Gwent in Witcher and Hearthstone in warcraft)  VLDL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwgEmQtcB6Q&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

76.  Morning! Nice day for fishing ain't it! Hu ha!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vyw6n1EKlww&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

77.  Mugger logic in games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0Kz8gQxzGE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

78.  Mugger logic in RPG's - The Dragon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAZDHrCObMs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

79.  Mugging a Goose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HfZ00X-VHI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

80.  Mugging a Kickstarter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3X-hBsFad1k&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

81.  Mugging your own grandmother - Grandma Mugger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aiuuhD9IxQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

82.  Multiple ways to complete a quest - Stealth Optional.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8YjDC0wk7M&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

83.  Never kick the chicken!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFlaL_EJuto&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

84.  Never trust a side quest - Side Quest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=je0jeehdUtc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

85.  Not enough experience to pass - New Area.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrjY2SimBjI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

86.  Obvious secret doors in games - Secret Tomb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_A6LF_JODA8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

87.  Odd things you need for crafting - Ingredients.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsWX8G1b9Yc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

88.  Overburdened logic in games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEjNTP6_-9w&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

89.  Overwhelming video game tutorials - Combat Tips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UuZQyTWiF0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

90.  Personal space in games - Spawn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7a-_Qu9fac&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

91.  Picking up quest items in games - Flowers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pMrKj9AAm4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

92.  Player vs player can be brutal - PVP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLwn37ev1Wo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

93.  Preparing for battle in The Witcher - Preparation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQWvmwC5-Dg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

94.  Pretending to be a quest giver - Mugger Scam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mHmpvAd0gs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

95.  Realizing that you're just a copy - Quest Greg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ib_g6kGnDvA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

96.  Return to Darkwood - Evil Twins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCjDfBQ0YJM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

97.  Ridiculous player names in RPG's - Gamer Tags.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzBZFArR4mc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

98.  Rogues are annoying Trolls and griefers in all MMOs - Shade Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFKS_c82-h8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

99.  Romance mechanics in games - Love Meter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nf-lhFKPqSM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

100.  RPG guards are so damn strong - Over Powered.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8tYE4daL54&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

101.  Ruthless achievements in video games - Achievement Unlocked.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWwToakUCs0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

102.  Saving the world can be quite expensive - Legendary Sword.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQHWWw02zjs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

103.  SEASON 3 TRAILER!!!! - Epic NPC Man  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra4ZhOSiChs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

104.  Selling all your junk to an NPC - Loot Hoarder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8BR31Ox1pck&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

105.  Sentient video game characters - Self Aware.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGtFrnBTsmI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

106.  Sharing loot in games - Loot Fight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMTMWpw6Eww&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

107.  Showing off video game cosmetics - Poser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCKdu2FV5QY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

108.  Silent hero genius - Battle Plan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4SJOkjxZY9c&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

109.  Similar characters in video games - Darkwood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkBKZm1WfYY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

110.  Some NPCs just ruin it for everyone - Bad Voice Acting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQiLMCWX5CA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

111.  Stealing from shopkeepers in Skyrim - Thief.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyfPTFcKZ38&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

112.  Stealing your followers loot - Extortion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKotiwAp6Dg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

113.  Strange Witcher quest music - NPC Choir.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEvWg_Yikxs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

114.  Stupid delivery quests in games - Shadowy Letter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnIzMYrmH-8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

115.  Stupid game expansion logic - Expansion Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_MKjaxRtE8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

116.  Stupid game tutorials - Training.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxwy8kpFwZ0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

117.  Stupid guards investigating a murder - Perception.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZEVioGqyAg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

118.  Stupid puzzle logic in RPG’s - The Puzzle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9up4Ja6Sk8Q&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

119.  Taking advantage of noobs - Scammer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dn33_uncuzk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

120.  Taking advantage of NPC's - Cannon Fodder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmk7yImJiCM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

121.  Taking on more than one escort quest - Multi Escort.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMpFnlkMWuc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

122.  Taking photos in games - Photo Mode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8y6UjzzWMEA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

123.  Teaching mean players a lesson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTNbMSiMZvM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

124.  Teaching your girlfriend how to play - Guardian.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTuCtrJD_D8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

125.  That annoying repetitive NPC.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfGt3F7nj6Q&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

126.  The Christmas update patch - Xmas special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qis4KLT5JFs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

127.  The most important quest!  #TeamTrees.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_eU29mGHC0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

128.  The Nicholas Cage texture pack.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0fxn3_A5gc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

129.  The power of high charisma in games - Persuade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTdGGZrnwbs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

130.  The power of persuasion - Mind Control.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8D53auQPCA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

131.  The sadness of being an NPC - Balloon Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bqZ8AvF5-8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

132.  The slowest escort quest there is - Escort.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ug-DZM2bhmo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

133.  The truth about fast travel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTO5vhRFCv0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

134.  The truth about rare items in games - One of a kind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bAFr3lEvgE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

135.  The worst kind of escort quest - Stealth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykVOo1z0_gM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

136.  Time sensitive quests games - Accept.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyfxqBcLt2o&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

137.  Trying to aim with a controller - Crossplay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Mjz6j_CUzA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

138.  Trying to romance an NPC - Romance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLnbFji-O0I&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

139.  Using quicksave before killing NPC's - Quicksave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L75iBgLWmvo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

140.  Weird loots drops from RPG game creatures - Rats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urcbTWgituM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

141.  What crafting in games actually looks like - Crafting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgxKIu05dKE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

142.  What going AFK looks like.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6Fgxe2M4C0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

143.  What happens when a child plays a game - Child's Play.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YtAV_e6Sf8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

144.  What happens when you skip long cutscenes - Vital Cutscene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4utATCiTfi0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

145.  What lag looks like.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5oVGL-NVG4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

146.  What mute must feel like for an NPC - Mute.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2UPBVCdgB8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

147.  What streaming looks like - Twitch Viewers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUg7O--XuGw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

148.  What streaming on Twitch actually looks like - Streamer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVr1NdZ0Pl0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

149.  What taunting looks like in video games - Taunt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9bOWOH_9xs&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

150.  When a death knight does side quests - Death Knight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_tLV7lVJ9c&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

151.  When a female finally finds decent armor - Discard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Yh35uWLBQ8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

152.  When a game malfunctions - Burning Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJUyX2fSw7A&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

153.  When an NPC can't leave his spot - Help.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdTF0FJJMkQ&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

154.  When an NPC finally loses it - Broken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeNdC8hVIT0&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

155.  When an NPC gets in your way - Block.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIK-y7SA9eo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

156.  When an NPC gets stuck - Log.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UV06wV-5XvU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

157.  When an NPC gets stuck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bodhetqm2M&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

158.  When an NPC is stuck across two worlds - Instancing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQCAdxSWdBY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

159.  When another player gets the last hit -  Kill Steal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0VMVkWoFgw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

160.  When game choices make no difference - Choice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQHo4neviTI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

161.  When games become a job - The grind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjJV6WFFYpI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

162.  When games bug out - The Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1k2ivJoRpc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

163.  When important quest relics just pop up - Spellbook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_B_15miwvCM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

164.  When modding goes too far - Mods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awQWkh6NdRA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

165.  When mugging gets stupid - Wagon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oukQqrf4FKU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

166.  When NPC's are not where they should be - Glitch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZnSEC44SPk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

167.  When NPC's forget to die - Arrow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cP9sEt8Xj6g&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

168.  When NPC's over react - Woah.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EnEloEPjXug&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

169.  When players skip an NPC's dialogue - Skip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbJ51AJuR7E&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

170.  When the animation doesn't match the spell - Fire Bolt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQVNrAUk4lE&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

171.  When the boss has an obvious weak spot - Weak Spot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14nYV7h-IiM&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

172.  When the characters are all mixed up - Freaky Friday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pf-QVfv6KCc&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

173.  When the cut scene timing is terrible - Awkward Cutscene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lHR_sV5oWw&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

174.  When the game gets hacked.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vu5Or-3vrI&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

175.  When the Horde enters Alliance territory in World of Warcraft - Troll.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcZcaTx2Sb4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

176.  When the Leeroy Jenkins joke gets old - Leeroy Jenkins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vu0W5SdNuis&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

177.  When the main quest interrupts everything - Main Quest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfnSX2Bs3ws&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

178.  When the player doesn't care - Fair Maiden.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuyaBA4h4uk&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

179.  When the quest reward sucks - Reward.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K71akvTt24s&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

180.  When the server is busy - Crowded.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqEotf_cR2w&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

181.  When video games hold your hand - Clues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPb0AMsNJDU&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

182.  When you just can't resist looting everything - Loot Lust.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldUHSa6-bMo&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

183.  When you max out stealth in RPG's - Sneak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66oyL15H_DA&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

184.  When you over use Quick Save.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7RCUCEM6XY&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

185.  When your character never speaks - Silent Hero.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPI84G5HpJ8&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

186.  Where do you keep your horse - Horse Pocket.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvEe3Y3B2cg&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

187.  World ending video game spells - Meteor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msvTRIRaiQ4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

188.  Worst pre-battle speech ever - Inspiration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YU8ORBdRPi4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf

189.  Worst time to be stuck in dialogue in an RPG - Zombie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgfQTYkS0J4&list=PLSMETuURtTXCzW7Q_ZIy4QzEnyUG8totf
Epic NPC Man  Viva La Dirt League