
A Map Geek's Tour of the World #2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H9KEcb74aA&pp=sAQA

A Map Geek's Tour of the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVB4TEeMcgA&pp=sAQA

Air Cargo's Coronavirus Problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2oPk20OHBE&pp=sAQA

Airlines' Protocol for After a Plane Crash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rtmhv5qEBg0&pp=sAQA

American Sports' Battle for China
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCEwPio2bkg&pp=sAQA

Amtrak’s Grand Plan for Profitability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSw7fWCrDk0&pp=sAQA

Australia's China Problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SDUm1bx7Zc&pp=sAQA

Big Plane vs Little Plane (The Economics of Long-Haul Flights)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlIdzF1_b5M&pp=sAQA

Boeing's China Problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjbYloKJX7c&pp=sAQA

Canada's New Shipping Shortcut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcDwtO4RWmo&pp=sAQA

China's Geography Problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiBF6v5UAAE&pp=sAQA

China's Vaccine Diplomacy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CuPqeIJr3U&pp=sAQA

Cities at Sea How Aircraft Carriers Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0pS3Zx7Fc8&pp=sAQA

Containerization The Most Influential Invention That You've Never Heard Of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-ZskaqBshs&pp=sAQA

COVID-19 How Aviation is Fighting for Survival
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VX2e2iEg_pM&pp=sAQA

Distributing the COVID Vaccine The Greatest Logistics Challenge Ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byW1GExQB84&pp=sAQA

Egypt's Dam Problem The Geopolitics of the Nile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BCY0SPOFpE&pp=sAQA

Elon Musk's Basic Economics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h97fXhDN5qE&pp=sAQA

Every Country in the World (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-b4SUOfn_4&pp=sAQA

Every Country in the World (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1CVVoAihBc&pp=sAQA

Every State in the US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ancuYECRGN8&pp=sAQA

Extremities A New Channel by Wendover Productions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHhJuAOK3CI&pp=sAQA

Extremities A New Scripted Podcast from Wendover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2-ehDQM6TM&pp=sAQA

Guam Why America's Most Isolated Territory Exists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5r90DYjZ76g&pp=sAQA

How Africa is Becoming China's China
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQV_DKQkT8o&pp=sAQA

How Air Ambulances (Don't) Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gdCH1XUIlE&pp=sAQA

How Air Traffic Control Works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1f2GwWLB3k&pp=sAQA

How Airlines Decide Where to Fly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3jfvncofiA&pp=sAQA

How Airlines Price Flights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72hlr-E7KA0&pp=sAQA

How Airlines Schedule Flights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGXahSnA_oA&pp=sAQA

How Airports Make Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdU1WTBJMl0&pp=sAQA

How Amazon's Super-Complex Shipping System Works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qanMpnYsjk&pp=sAQA

How Boeing Will Get the 737 MAX Flying Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvUpSFGRqEo&pp=sAQA

How Budget Airlines Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=069y1MpOkQY&pp=sAQA

How China Broke the World's Recycling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KXRtNwUju5g&pp=sAQA

How China Built a Hospital in 10 Days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Sh7hghljuQ&pp=sAQA

How COVID-19 Broke the Airline Pricing Model
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_akzwzghWQ&pp=sAQA

How Fighting Wildfires Works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EodxubsO8EI&pp=sAQA

How Freight Trains Connect the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9poImReDFeY&pp=sAQA

How Geography Gave the US Power
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-WO-c9xHms&pp=sAQA

How Hong Kong Changed Countries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69EVxLLhciQ&pp=sAQA

How Living at the South Pole Works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAEydOjNWyQ&pp=sAQA

How Long-Haul Trucking Works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlPrAKtegFQ&pp=sAQA

How Maritime Law Works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7CvEt51fz4&pp=sAQA

How Marketers Manipulate Us Psychological Manipulation in Advertising
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LqqVfPduTs&pp=sAQA

How Much Would it Cost to Live on the Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ouiTMXuDAQ&pp=sAQA

How Offshore Oil Rigs Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABIkWS_YavM&pp=sAQA

How Overnight Shipping Works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3qfeoqErtY&pp=sAQA

How Rwanda is Becoming the Singapore of Africa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX0ozxrZlEQ&pp=sAQA

How the Layouts of Grocery Stores are Secretly Designed to Make You Spend More Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThNeIT7aceI&pp=sAQA

How the Navajo Nation Works (A Country Within a Country)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5PLyYVIEpg&pp=sAQA

How the Post Office Made America
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nu2WOxXxsHw&pp=sAQA

How the US Government Will Survive Doomsday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j48Z3W35FI0&pp=sAQA

How the US' Hospital Ships Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-pNBAxx4IRo&pp=sAQA

How to Beat the Casino, and How They'll Stop You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ongqf93rAcM&pp=sAQA

How to Build a $100 Million Satellite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30XpSozOZII&pp=sAQA

How to Create a Country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bg2VZIPfX0U&pp=sAQA

How to Design Impenetrable Airport Security
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Y1kJpHBn50&pp=sAQA

How to Fix Traffic Forever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4PW66_g6XA&pp=sAQA

How to Illegally Cross the Mexico-US Border
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTIDCA7mjZs&pp=sAQA

How to Make First Contact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bL2WPDtLYNU&pp=sAQA

How to Start an Airline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjiH3mpxyrQ&pp=sAQA

How to Stop a Riot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT9bit2-1pg&pp=sAQA

How to Stop an Epidemic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9ttpHvK6yw&pp=sAQA

Iceland's Tourism Revolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17oZPYcpPnQ&pp=sAQA

Is the European Union a Country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lj127TKu4Q&pp=sAQA

Little Bay Why This Island Was Abandoned on December 31st, 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJtFgte1GKc&pp=sAQA

Living Underwater How Submarines Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdy0gBVWAzE&pp=sAQA

Mini Countries Abroad How Embassies Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUsqnD9-42g&pp=sAQA

Russia's Geography Problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3C_5bsdQWg&pp=sAQA

Small Planes Over Big Oceans (ETOPS Explained)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HSxSgbNQi-g&pp=sAQA

Space Law-What Laws are There in Space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6AWAoc_Lr0&pp=sAQA

Space The Next Trillion Dollar Industry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiRBQxHrxNw&pp=sAQA

Supersonic Planes are Coming Back (And This Time, They Might Work)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4p0fRlCHYyg&pp=sAQA

The 8 Flights That Show How COVID-19 Reinvented Aviation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_rXhuaI0W8&pp=sAQA

The Broken Economics of Organ Transplants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7C1fPocIFgU&pp=sAQA

The Business of Ski Resorts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpcUVOjUrKk&pp=sAQA

The Economics of Airline Class
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzB5xtGGsTc&pp=sAQA

The Economics of Private Jets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYPrH4xANpU&pp=sAQA

The Economics That Made Boeing Build the 737 Max
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfNEOfEGe3I&pp=sAQA

The Electric Vehicle Charging Problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLcqJ2DclEg&pp=sAQA

The Final Years of Majuro [Documentary]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3J06af5xHD0&pp=sAQA

The Five Freedoms of Aviation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thqbjA2DC-E&pp=sAQA

The Five Rules of Risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtX-Ibi21tU&pp=sAQA

The Gene Patent Question
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voozHXadYYE&pp=sAQA

The Incredible Logistics of Grocery Stores
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNpk_OGEGlA&pp=sAQA

The Incredible Logistics of the Tokyo Olympics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3FKtBNEBRc&pp=sAQA

The Insane Logistics of Formula 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6OLVFa8YRfM&pp=sAQA

The Insane Logistics of Shutting Down the Cruise Industry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4dOCfWlgBw&pp=sAQA

The Little Plane War
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1YMPk3XhCc&pp=sAQA

The Logistics of Covid-19 Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgiMqePRp0Y&pp=sAQA

The Logistics of Disaster Response
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLS9IK693KI&pp=sAQA

The Logistics of Filming Avengers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erS2YMYcZO8&pp=sAQA

The Logistics of Living in Antarctica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-s3j-ptJD10&pp=sAQA

The Logistics of the International Space Station
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkRRo5DN9lI&pp=sAQA

The Logistics of the US Census
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ppjv0H-Yt5Q&pp=sAQA

The Logistics of the US Election
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RyG7nzteG64&pp=sAQA

The Magic Economics of Gambling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cjIWMUgPtY&pp=sAQA

The Messy Ethics of Self Driving Cars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avh7ez858xM&pp=sAQA

The Most Valuable Airspace in the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdNDYBt9e_U&pp=sAQA

The New Economy of the Warming Arctic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msjuRoZ0Vu8&pp=sAQA

The News You Missed in 2020, From Every Country in the World (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIFV_Z7Y9_w&pp=sAQA

The News You Missed in 2020, From Every Country in the World (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7R7jNWHp0D0&pp=sAQA

The NFL's Logistics Problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJ_LUFBSoqM&pp=sAQA

The Nuclear Waste Problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uU3kLBo_ruo&pp=sAQA

The Plane Highway in the Sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aQ2E0mlRQI&pp=sAQA

The Rise of 20-Hour Long Flights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNUomfuWuA8&pp=sAQA

The Super-Fast Logistics of Delivering Blood By Drone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnoUBfLxZz0&pp=sAQA

The Surprising Easternmost Point in the US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3jlFtBg0Y8&pp=sAQA

The UK's Failed Experiment in Rail Privatization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DlTq8DbRs4k&pp=sAQA

The US Government Program That Pays For Your Flights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1a73gdNs0M&pp=sAQA

The US President's $2,614 Per Minute Transport System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YJRqB1xtIxg&pp=sAQA

The US' Overseas Military Base Strategy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0qt0hdCQtg&pp=sAQA

The World is Shrinking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nn-ym8y1_kw&pp=sAQA

The World's Most Useful Airport [Documentary]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-QejUTDCWw&pp=sAQA

The World's Shortcut How the Panama Canal Works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgsxapE27NU&pp=sAQA

TWL #1 Presidents Are 4x More Likely to be Lefties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ugvJi2pIck&pp=sAQA

TWL #10 The Day Sweden Switched Driving Directions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JoYNhX15w4k&pp=sAQA

TWL #10.5 Argleton (+ Patreon)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpfvOc8HJdg&pp=sAQA

TWL #2 Bir Tawil- The Land Without a Country
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_iaurPRhCs&pp=sAQA

TWL #3 Paper Towns- Fake Places Made to Catch Copyright Thieves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JllpzZgAAl8&pp=sAQA

TWL #4 Which Way Should Toilet Paper Face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6o5C-i02c8&pp=sAQA

TWL #5 Timekeeping on Mars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F53TA37Mqck&pp=sAQA

TWL #6 Big Mac Economics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XdYbmova_s&pp=sAQA

TWL #7 This Number is Illegal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnEyjwdoj7g&pp=sAQA

TWL #8 Immortality Through Quantum Suicide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7RHv_MIIT0&pp=sAQA

TWL #9 The Secret Anti-Counterfeit Symbol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1c-jBfZPVv4&pp=sAQA

TWL is back! (But not here...)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaGG50laHgI&pp=sAQA

Urban Geography Why We Live Where We Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQSxPzafO_k&pp=sAQA

What's Actually the Plane of the Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql0Op1VcELw&pp=sAQA

Which Country Are International Airports In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkCeKc1GTMs&pp=sAQA

Why Airlines Sell More Seats Than They Have
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqWksuyry5w&pp=sAQA

Why Chicken Sandwiches Don't Cost $1500
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rk2hPrEnk8&pp=sAQA

Why China Is so Good at Building Railways
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0JDoll8OEFE&pp=sAQA

Why Chinese Manufacturing Wins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7Jfrzkmzyc&pp=sAQA

Why Cities Are Where They Are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PWWtqfwacQ&pp=sAQA

Why Cities Exist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvAvHjYoLUU&pp=sAQA

Why College is so Expensive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PsmkAxVHdM&pp=sAQA

Why Electric Planes are Inevitably Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aH4b3sAs-l8&pp=sAQA

Why Flying is So Expensive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Oe8T3AvydU&pp=sAQA

Why Helicopter Airlines Failed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAG4zCsiA_w&pp=sAQA

Why Long-Haul Low-Cost Airlines Always Go Bankrupt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTyUE162lrw&pp=sAQA

Why Planes Don't Fly Faster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1QEj09Pe6k&pp=sAQA

Why Public Transportation Sucks in the US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cjfTG8DbwA&pp=sAQA

Why So Many Airlines are Going Bankrupt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnfoTAxhpzQ&pp=sAQA

Why Taiwan and China are Battling over Tiny Island Countries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GMoUmvw8kU&pp=sAQA

Why the Northernmost Town in America Exists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MP1OAm7Pzps&pp=sAQA

Why the Southern Hemisphere is Poorer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iO5mfbpq16A&pp=sAQA

Why the World is Running Out of Pilots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cognzTud3Wg&pp=sAQA

Why There are Now So Many Shortages (It's Not COVID)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1JlYZQG3lI&t=40s&pp=sAQA

Why Time is One of Humanity's Greatest Inventions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRWggYusSds&pp=sAQA

Why Trains are so Expensive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwjwePe-HmA&pp=sAQA

Why Trains Suck in America
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbEfzuCLoAQ&pp=sAQA
Wendover Productions