
88076.  Best Movie clip in Meet The Browns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PkKsteq8bw

88078.  Tyler Perry's Diary of a Mad Black Woman - 3. Get That Money.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nl_rSbcEW4I

88081.  Tyler Perry's Diary of a Mad Black Woman - 5. Madea's Chainsaw.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNyw39a0qnc

88085.  Tyler Perry's Diary of a Mad Black Woman - 6. Day in Court.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3_JXr5VyFQ

88090.  Tyler Perry's Diary of a Mad Black Woman - 7. House Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vr12m2gP12Y

88096.  Tyler Perry's Diary of a Mad Black Woman - Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zjWNnchvN4

88103.  Tyler Perry's I Can Do Bad All By Myself - 1. I Oughta Shank You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vo1DbVYPzQ

88111.  Tyler Perry's I Can Do Bad All By Myself - 4. Kid Whisperer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpRB__a1nIo

88120.  Tyler Perry's I Can Do Bad All By Myself The Play - Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DR8A5kHHtJ0

88130.  Tyler Perry's Madea Gets A Job - Clip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsjfgXsBeNk

88141.  Tyler Perry's Madea Goes to Jail - 12. Anger Management.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHsBK722Yqw

88153.  Tyler Perry's Madea Goes to Jail - 15. Call the Police.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OXfGR4dgiY

88166.  Tyler Perry's Madea Goes to Jail - 2. Self Medication.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMRwfJAZP9M

88180.  Tyler Perry's Madea Goes to Jail - 3. Living for the Lord.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljhuDeuebak

88195.  Tyler Perry's Madea Goes to Jail - 6. House Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PciNHczM6Lc

88211.  Tyler Perry's Madea Goes to Jail - The Play - Clip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6kh1arVEqE

88228.  Tyler Perry's Madea Goes to Jail - The Play.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NneVEzEzXRk

88246.  Tyler Perry's Madea's Class Reunion - The Play - Clip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ESsURs2AtZE

88265.  Tyler Perry's Madea's Family Reunion - 13. Grits and Skillet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5N_6--RgdAQ

88285.  Tyler Perry's Madea's Family Reunion - 3. Foster Mother.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSpn_Ayh5YI

88306.  Tyler Perry's Madea's Family Reunion - 6. Take It Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIfWEuyN9OI

88328.  Tyler Perry's Madea's Family Reunion - 8. Bus Stop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHE5gxmvEQ8

88351.  Tyler Perry's Madea's Family Reunion The Play - Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBYN0mQ8sLI

88375.  Tyler Perry's Madea's Neighbors From Hell (The Play) Look For It On DVD, Digital HD and VOD 422.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8axphSXYKLU

88400.  Tyler Perry's Meet the Browns - 15. Madea Arrested.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkfe3x1IFXc

88426.  Tyler Perry's Meet the Browns - 4. Leroy Brown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEBIOiL6rR0

88453.  Tyler Perry's Meet the Browns - 6. He Was a Pimp.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4LxGzpPr0k

88481.  Tyler Perry's Why Did I Get Married - 14. Rivals Meet Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7Eh9LWcLTA

88510.  Tyler Perry's Why Did I Get Married - 2. Angry Train.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTbsDqu23Ks

88540.  Tyler Perry's Why Did I Get Married - 5. Hot Single Female.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ikv_rCdEyYQ

88571.  Tyler Perry's Why Did I Get Married - 8. Shopping Stress.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yGFOxP0ZFg

88603.  TYLER PERRYS MADEAS BIG HAPPY FAMILY PLAY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpidRKcTlMM
Madea Funny Clips ??????