
1.  A Typology of Religious Healing (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ItTYS-_fxQ

2.  Aesthetics The Concept (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1h6Px1vSmIs

3.  Allopathy and Traditional Healing 1 (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1IxL4ySbc8

4.  ALTERNATIVE MEDICAL SYSTEM (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtACbNP6VVY

5.  BASIC UNDERSTANDING OF HEALTH AND RELIGION (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPjUyF_QuZ8

6.  Civil Religion (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7ZiNQbD5aU

7.  Cognitive Science and Religion (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NoMlxDw8trE

8.  Community Medicine and Religion (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yEDbvcRnVdQ

9.  Core Values of Hinduism (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8LOkAEi_fs

10.  Counseling and Psychotherapy (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un9OZbDSTHw

11.  CROSS CULTURAL PERSPECTIVE ON BODY, PAIN AND HEALING (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fy-8zvvpSCo

12.  Defining Myth Comparative Anthropological (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMBYeKS2SNg

13.  Defining religion (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvkkeuTkesU

14.  Environment and Healing (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xg1o0W5sxfM

15.  EXPLORING THE NEXUS OF RELIGION SPIRITUALITY AND HEALING (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hc1KRIDBEIM

16.  Faith Healing and Law (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Pli-F6196o

17.  Healers and Healing Places 1 (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwi9Alm8mB4

18.  Healing Perspectives from Science and Religion (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W76yLdkJnL0

19.  Health Illness and Healing (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMbwhsWq2Is

20.  How to study mysticism (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wNEGbS7bbpg

21.  Introduction (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLuv0-g1zC0

22.  Investigating Tribal Society (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9w9caWtafyA

23.  Judaism Health and Healing (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-AJLcgyYZM

24.  KEY CONCEPTS AND DEFINITIONS (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vG3NoaJ2tho

25.  Magic Witchcraft Ritual and Healing (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEZdMJC-uWU

26.  Medical Practitioners Approach (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVul8udnIRI

27.  Minority Groups and The Religious Dimension (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAlqMT4hkdI

28.  Mystic Litreature (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iS8wAxHQic

29.  Mysticism and Religion (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCDrhHi__D8

30.  Overview of Hindu Healing Traditions (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SmjwXsRmuw

31.  Overview of Indian Healing Traditions (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqDQNrU8aLE

32.  Pharmacology and Religion (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOHgbW46ktc

33.  Pranic Healing (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmlPF4C-1Vo

34.  PRAYER AND HEALING IN CHRISTIANITY (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxaiwamNvI0

35.  PRAYER AND HEALING IN ISLAM (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLFJ7DYXiYo

36.  RATIONAL CHOICE THEORY IMPLICATION AND CRITIQUE (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwOQr4QiHgg

37.  Reinventing Durkheim’s Religion (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3Lc3jwlf_8

38.  Religion and Daily life (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggrIGdIm3iA

39.  Religion and Ecology (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8LbQ5EJ20A

40.  Religion and Family life (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UttkchRjuUE

41.  Religion and Globalization (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-P3-1TjZuc

42.  Religion and Human Rights (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU6s2rDFHwY

43.  Religion and Internet (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBl9zZNCDo4

44.  Religion and Law 1 (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hw45Z24Swx0

45.  Religion and Modernity (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZJhOOU5_Ww

46.  Religion and Modernization in the Eyes of Max Weber (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Whq13mXI0Sg

47.  Religion and Ritual (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9auI4SfW3w

48.  Religion and The Idea of Power (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04yOLSUp3ns

49.  Religious Fundamentalism (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11wlXtpx3Iw

50.  Religious Ideas of Habermas Bourdieu and Foucault (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gD8ZVtQXY7E

51.  Religious Violence (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlLelOU3egs

52.  Science and Religion (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxMUx-eGxr4

53.  Secularization Theories and Debate (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBl91V5gxjY

54.  Shamanism (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntR1Qkfryb0

55.  Sociology of Religion The Methodological Perspective (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qkVfj2aUmA

56.  Some Sufi Mystics (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oAYwxWu77xc

57.  Spiritual Healing in Geriatric Care (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eGs1uwxHBk

58.  The Cults of Islam 1 (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLCA-jPxYNo

59.  The Dynamics of Religious Healimg in the Age of Globalisation (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXi3XLeSPSo

60.  The Healing Power of Prayer, Mantra and Meditation (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eRr_P-C4k4

61.  The Impact of Migration and Globalization on Religion (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZ-rPLh7Dr0

62.  The Media and Religion (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJUbf-yrBpg

63.  The Response of Religious Institutions to Delinquency and Crime (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aH-e1K6Nrkc

64.  The Rise of New Religions (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EnJKcmt_JtA

65.  Tourism Health and Healing (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fp30sQPFvqg

66.  Tribal Healing Practices (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXVl8Rg3vDc

67.  Yoga Healing the Body or Mind through Motion (CMSR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEKflB2P-z4
Comparative Study of Religions e-PGP (CMSR)