
1.  Blastphamoushd cyanide and happiness (compilation)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Blastphamoushd_cyanide_and_happiness_(compilation)/Blastphamoushd_cyanide_and_happiness_(compilation).txt

2.  Classics  Cyanide & Happiness
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Classics__Cyanide_&_Happiness/Classics__Cyanide_&_Happiness.txt

3.  CYANIDE
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/CYANIDE/CYANIDE.txt

4.  Cyanide & Happiness (sub ITA)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_&_Happiness_(sub_ITA)/Cyanide_&_Happiness_(sub_ITA).txt

5.  CYANIDE & HAPPINESS - FREAKPOCALYPSE  FULL GAME WALKTHROUGH GUIDE - No Commentary [4K 60FPS]
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/CYANIDE_&_HAPPINESS_-_FREAKPOCALYPSE__FULL_GAME_WALKTHROUGH_GUIDE_-_No_Commentary_[4K_60FPS]/CYANIDE_&_HAPPINESS_-_FREAKPOCALYPSE__FULL_GAME_WALKTHROUGH_GUIDE_-_No_Commentary_[4K_60FPS].txt

6.  Cyanide & happiness compilation
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_&_happiness_compilation/Cyanide_&_happiness_compilation.txt

7.  Cyanide & Happiness Compilation Reactions
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_&_Happiness_Compilation_Reactions/Cyanide_&_Happiness_Compilation_Reactions.txt

8.  Cyanide & Happiness en Español
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_&_Happiness_en_Español/Cyanide_&_Happiness_en_Español.txt

9.  Cyanide & Happiness Season 2
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_&_Happiness_Season_2/Cyanide_&_Happiness_Season_2.txt

10.  Cyanide & Happiness Shorts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_&_Happiness_Shorts/Cyanide_&_Happiness_Shorts.txt

11.  Cyanide - All Songs
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_-_All_Songs/Cyanide_-_All_Songs.txt

12.  Cyanide - Cyanide (1978)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_-_Cyanide_(1978)/Cyanide_-_Cyanide_(1978).txt

13.  Cyanide and Happiness - Fridarko
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_and_Happiness_-_Fridarko/Cyanide_and_Happiness_-_Fridarko.txt

14.  Cyanide and Happiness Compilations
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_and_Happiness_Compilations/Cyanide_and_Happiness_Compilations.txt

15.  Cyanide and Happiness Superheroes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_and_Happiness_Superheroes/Cyanide_and_Happiness_Superheroes.txt

16.  Cyanide and Happiness-Horror
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_and_Happiness-Horror/Cyanide_and_Happiness-Horror.txt

17.  Dubbing - Cyanide & Happiness
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Dubbing_-_Cyanide_&_Happiness/Dubbing_-_Cyanide_&_Happiness.txt

18.  gold extraction with cyanide
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/gold_extraction_with_cyanide/gold_extraction_with_cyanide.txt

19.  Monday Mashup  Cyanide & Happiness
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Monday_Mashup__Cyanide_&_Happiness/Monday_Mashup__Cyanide_&_Happiness.txt

20.  ParaReacts to Cyanide & Happiness
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/ParaReacts_to_Cyanide_&_Happiness/ParaReacts_to_Cyanide_&_Happiness.txt

21.  Purgatony  Cyanide & Happiness
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Purgatony__Cyanide_&_Happiness/Purgatony__Cyanide_&_Happiness.txt

22.  The Cyanide & Happiness Show en Español - Temporada 1
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Comedy/Cyanide_&_Happiness/The_Cyanide_&_Happiness_Show_en_Español_-_Temporada_1/The_Cyanide_&_Happiness_Show_en_Español_-_Temporada_1.txt
Cyanide & Happiness