
10 How To's That Will Blow Your Mind!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7Lrwe6wwig&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

5 Steps To Be Badass!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTENT9gQxCE&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

American Sniper 30sec Post
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlYNuurAb9U&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Aquaman The Movie (Official Fake Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G255fHPals4&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Best Super Bowl Commercial!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0PfjfXMv58&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Candy Crush The Movie (Official Fake Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4Qv26IWyGU&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Daily Life of a Basketballer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GTmhwHRQ1ow&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Daily Life of Rustin Hieber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ad-pxjmlpds&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Dear Ryan -  Superhero
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuD7Maz5Mzk&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Dear Ryan - Are you a Liar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_yLDDRt21o&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Dear Ryan - Do a Basketball Trick Shot!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8kFDipIWq4&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Dear Ryan - Epic Meal Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CbnU1cv6rE&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Dear Ryan - Klondike Bar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQvdOLxkGc0&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Dear Ryan - Stop Posting Videos!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtdQE6SaOiM&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Dear Ryan - What Does The Fox Say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn2sO2cBK50&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Dude vs. Wild - The Desert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BAWIhTU5s8&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Google Glass Human
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxF4jqOevVg&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Honest Commercials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeoBUUgh6BA&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

How to be Ninja
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdLCEwEFCMU&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

How To Sing Like Your Favorite Artists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJVpL6L7Zeo&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

How To Spot A Pothead
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuGN5rN4uSs&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

How To Survive A Horror Movie!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAXIxlVjuA8&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Most Annoying People On The Internet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tkm5K2fu0AI&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

P90Flex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfVJXSyPkd4&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Peg Pants!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m1hAfpOzbU&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Ryan Higa for President!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hgJOzmXtWw&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

The Best Joke Ever!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tDRBb0apDg&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

The Christmas Ninja
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtHPGP5tKWo&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

The iNavigator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGU0kRRWy_w&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

The ipod Human
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Phbe8mEDMe4&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

The Ryan Higa Show - Sean Fujiyoshi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FVlTmo4d60&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Whaaat  Did I Just Watch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-id0F6jnIqo&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg

Word of the Day - Swog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b79FTeeEemk&list=PL_9SZaDZ_oV4RiwpFUi0tqSMKfIZNBHVg
Best of Nigahiga