
1.  A.R. Rahman, The Pussycat Dolls - Jai Ho (You Are My Destiny) ft. Nicole Scherzinger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yc5OyXmHD0w&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

2.  Alicia Keys - No One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rywUS-ohqeE&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

3.  Animal - Neon Trees Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chJgaksG4sg&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

4.  Avril Lavigne - Complicated (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NPBIwQyPWE&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

5.  Avril Lavigne - Sk8er Boi (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIy3n2b7V9k&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

6.  Beyoncé - Crazy In Love ft. JAY Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViwtNLUqkMY&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

7.  Beyoncé - Halo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnVUHWCynig&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

8.  Beyoncé - Irreplaceable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EwViQxSJJQ&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

9.  Beyoncé - Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It) (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m1EFMoRFvY&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

10.  Beyoncé - Sweet Dreams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlxByc0-V40&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

11.  blink-182 - All The Small Things (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ht5RZpzPqw&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

12.  Britney Spears - Circus (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVhJ_A8XUgc&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

13.  Britney Spears - Oops!...I Did It Again (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CduA0TULnow&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

14.  Britney Spears - Toxic (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOZuxwVk7TU&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

15.  BTS (?????) 'FAKE LOVE' Official MV.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7C2z4GqqS5E&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

16.  California Girls- Katy Perry ft. Snoop Dog lyrics [ONSCREEN].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vj_UEJjUIQ4&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

17.  Chris Brown - With You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmjdaBaZe8Y&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

18.  Ciara - 1, 2 Step (Official Video) ft. Missy Elliott.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBHNgV6_znU&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

19.  Daughtry - No Surprise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyl24HRGgSU&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

20.  Destiny's Child - Lose My Breath (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqeIiF0DlTg&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

21.  Down - Jay sean - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HDcT8cre2c&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

22.  Fergie - Clumsy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tf_gPZSDIxI&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

23.  Fergie - Fergalicious (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T0utQ-XWGY&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

24.  Gwen Stefani - Hollaback Girl (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kgjkth6BRRY&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

25.  Gwen Stefani - The Sweet Escape (Closed Captioned) ft. Akon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0lf_fE3HwA&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

26.  Gwen Stefani - Wind It Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sY-TsLXiDo&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

27.  Hoobastank - The Reason (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV4DiAyExN0&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

28.  Impossible Shontelle lyrics..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MFRZR_iGaQ&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

29.  Iyaz - Replay ( Shawty Like a Melody ) with lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6PMCdByf8w&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

30.  Jesse McCartney - Beautiful Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAG3hJ50_Vc&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

31.  Jessie J - Domino (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uh3t1hJdes&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

32.  Jimmy Eat World - The Middle (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKsxPW6i3pM&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

33.  Jordin Sparks, Chris Brown - No Air (Official Video) ft. Chris Brown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBKnpyoFEBo&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

34.  Karmin - Brokenhearted Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sshLqswS4U&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

35.  Katy Perry - Teenage Dream with Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRCz85wXwzw&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

36.  Katy Perry - The One That Got Away Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDTouU0iABA&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

37.  Katy Perry Hot 'n Cold Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_FreDrOFd0&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

38.  Keri Hilson-Pretty Girl Rock (Lyrics on screen).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjrQJhBPZrA&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

39.  Lady Gaga - Just Dance ft. Colby O'Donis (Official Music Video) ft. Colby O'Donis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Abk1jAONjw&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

40.  Leona Lewis - Bleeding Love (US Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vzo-EL_62fQ&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

41.  Maroon 5 - This Love (Closed Captioned).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPpTgCho5ZA&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

42.  Miley Cyrus - Party In The U.S.A. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M11SvDtPBhA&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

43.  Natasha Bedingfield - Unwritten (US Version) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7k0a5hYnSI&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

44.  Ne-Yo - Closer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_aC5xPQ2f4&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

45.  Nine In The Afternoon - Panic! At The Disco Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQPlvB5Enm0&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

46.  No-Bake Cookie Butter Cheesecake - Gemma's Bigger Bolder Baking Ep 176.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JglwtXYCgVg&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

47.  P!nk - So What (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJfFZqTlWrQ&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

48.  Pink - Just Give Me A Reason Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7JRWHCKkIY&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

49.  Rihanna - Disturbia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1mU6h4Xdxc&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

50.  Rihanna - Don't Stop The Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yd8jh9QYfEs&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

51.  Rihanna - Pon de Replay (Internet Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEauWw9ZGrA&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

52.  Rihanna - Shut Up And Drive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up7pvPqNkuU&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

53.  Rihanna - SOS (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXmF4GbA86E&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

54.  Rihanna - Take A Bow (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3UjJ4wKLkg&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

55.  Rihanna - Umbrella (Orange Version) (Official Music Video) ft. JAY-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvBfHwUxHIk&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

56.  Sara Bareilles - Love Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qi7Yh16dA0w&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

57.  Shakira - Hips Don't Lie ft. Wyclef Jean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUT5rEU6pqM&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

58.  The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD4vsh1zDA&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

59.  The Black Eyed Peas - Let's Get It Started.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKqV7DB8Iwg&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

60.  The Black Eyed Peas - The Time (Dirty Bit) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwQZQygg3Lk&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

61.  The Killers - Mr. Brightside (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGdGFtwCNBE&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

62.  The Pussycat Dolls - When I Grow Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0K46C82v9o&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

63.  The Ready Set - Love Like Woe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QWzW1TxonTM&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

64.  Train - Drops of Jupiter (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xf-Lesrkuc&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

65.  Train - Hey Soul Sister (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JV74i4yvcA&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC

66.  Vanessa Carlton - A Thousand Miles (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cwkej79U3ek&list=PLnVCiwX8xaBnnHtrmKpZFwyz5wsFCpmDC
2000s clean