
1.  #AquashellaFishTubeDonation Do You Have A Youtube Channel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQcGCxDRcqY

2.  10 gallon Betta Fish Tank with Potted Plants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kKQ0MoEYSs

3.  100's of Snails and How to Care For Them..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_z17Ss4mEo

4.  125 Gallon Planted Tank Completed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WO5pDwf515g

5.  2 Month old Guppy Fry and Feeding Them..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCCX9eZIOe0

6.  2 years on YouTube! Feed The Fish with Me!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh_4CmmL74Q

7.  75 Gallon Betta Community Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVoAjM_dnX0

8.  75 Gallon Betta Fish Tank Mini Makeover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmG2FAzQWsc

9.  75 Gallon Update and Getting a LARGE New Tank..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VlYZaaAy_1c

10.  75 Gallon Update and LOTS of New Fish..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QqhjOv5x6s

11.  A Day in the Life of a Fish Keeper ( behind the scenes of Lifewithpets).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRuBAU40POQ

12.  A Day in the Life Of A Fishkeeper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJh61y54jjs

13.  A Look back at 2017, Wow How Far We’ve come!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X27INf79jcc

14.  Adding a New Betta Fish to the Female Community Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7gBsY-K-ow

15.  Adding Another Female To The 75 Gallon Betta Fish Tank!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Chwa1XJcJoo

16.  All our Aquariums in ONE video! (So much has changed) 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAtmx5_1oPQ

17.  All our Betta fish and a New Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Psc-h1JkiYg

18.  All our Betta Fish tanks (Updated).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNQC1LAk0Ew

19.  All Our Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYGz8y0ARyc

20.  All Our Current Tanks and Betta Fish Death..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnfDYEuv94M

21.  All our Tanks (Fish Room Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56s5PoSL0As

22.  All Our Tanks in Depth. Betta Fish, Guppies, Amazon Puffers Goldfish  and More!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1P2MrYhTgFw

23.  Amazon puffer fish Updates and Feeding..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbQfRI-mv74

24.  Aquarium Heaters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lg58XtbL6jE

25.  Aquarium Makeover. Getting Ready for New Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jD8fThMF1Xs

26.  Aqueon QuietFlow Internal Filter Review and Unboxing..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YYSU7wmsTk

27.  Are We Doing VLOGMAS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLbthnolBVA

28.  Baby Bettas Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pv5lRwKCgGg

29.  Baby Bettas Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obAlZa8WLrk

30.  Baby Goldfish Update and What Happened to our Pothos plant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=navzfcZy1Ro

31.  Back from Vacation. Did all the fish survive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gs75sZyfC8

32.  Bandit Update and More.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wyzvCmIhQU

33.  Behind the Scenes at Sealife Center Orlando.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHrZLtDEnCU

34.  Behind the Scenes tour at Segrest Farms (America's Largest Aquarium Fish Distributor).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eg3vsxGiNPs

35.  Betta Community Tank Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQHP0lMzRFs

36.  Betta Fish 3 month Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5L6KGYM8Ps

37.  Betta Fish at Segrest Farms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mci0kC36CFQ

38.  Betta Fish Breeding Day 2 through Day 4  (Episode 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TFRg01fj38

39.  Betta Fish Community Tank Needs A Major Clean Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfV-zZDf6ns

40.  Betta Fish Cull Survivor and Ich Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaBLbavTXvU

41.  Betta Fish Deaths.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eToJnvajgz0

42.  Betta Fish Filters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pXcuTRQksM

43.  Betta Fish For Sale Q&A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqf4kwBBSfk

44.  Betta Fish For Sale!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ju-3MuChsr4

45.  Betta Fish Fry Changing Color and Moving Tanks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkbyiawO6lg

46.  Betta Fish Fry From Birth to 4 months.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOhfaqreVPg

47.  Betta Fish Fry Living with Guppies..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xoQJtGcdMc

48.  Betta Fish Fry Water Changes. (Lots of Water Changes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0_BnPlat_0

49.  Betta Fish Growth From Birth to One Month Old.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HHmZOC4wn4

50.  Betta fish Hangout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqTQu9NQIjc

51.  Betta Fish Haul and More!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oEyISzLsNM

52.  Betta Fish in a Planted 20 Gallon Community Tank (Update).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nikd4r9zas0

53.  Betta Fish Planted Community Tank Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDn23kLqt4o

54.  Betta Fish Sorority Good Or Bad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LXoMO_h5tw

55.  Betta fish Talk Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rRUCDW0yWQ

56.  Betta Fish Talk with Creative Pet Keeping (Livestream).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11u-q31PnZQ

57.  Betta Fish Talk!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtCzszqiZ4U

58.  Betta Fish Tank UPDATE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLz1yc93WKQ

59.  Betta Fry Water Changes and Sneak Peak of New Tank.(Episode 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnM6BttM1ww

60.  BETTA to be THROWN in the TRASH (TWO NEW BETTA FISH).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLfqijILdmk

61.  Breaking Down and Moving Aquariums Tanks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBMCMrGz44s

62.  Breeding Guppies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwnRllICERw

63.  Breeding Our Betta Fish (Episode 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UV1MGGW2tpk

64.  Can a Betta Fish live with other fish..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fuTZJH6YAY

65.  Can Betta Fish Live with Snails..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlxhGlJTlnU

66.  Celebrating 25k Subs. Giveaway! (CLOSED).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EMUYZzcyCg

67.  Challenges With Our Water Changes..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apCOnifz7XQ

68.  Choosing a Betta Fish Tank (Episode 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8v0fb59uUY

69.  Christmas Giveaway Winner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SizooipNRRs

70.  Christmas livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hazAb_2WV6E

71.  Christmas3000 Subscriber Giveaway (CLOSED).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEDpKfeVVnM

72.  Cleaning 5 Aquariums ALL at Once!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFjHELyPizw

73.  CLEANING A BETTA  FISH TANK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQJIZ3ohm6M

74.  Cleaning a Betta Sorority Community Tank (Time lapse).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUWXgsS5Q9Y

75.  Cleaning a Divided Betta Tank (Time-lapse ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7JKoVAUIUY

76.  Cleaning a Sunsun Canister filter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-juhliCiW8

77.  Community aquarium with  Large tinfoil barbs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBIOd-ChJ80

78.  Compatible Tank mates  for Betta Fish (Collab).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwLJ08UK7kw

79.  Cycling A Betta Fish Tank (Episode 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6v6KJaqTKU

80.  Did the Tank Divider, Pass or Fail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3YtgacDUX8

81.  Divided 10 gallon Betta fish tank ( Fall theme).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfzH9qwXcxU

82.  Divided 10 Gallon Betta Fish Tank Tour ( New Tank Theme).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSH2Iwqd44k

83.  Divided Betta Fish 10 gallon Tank Tour..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ord_7wU_9js

84.  Divided Betta Fish Tank Christmas Theme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLATnK8ihAU

85.  Divided Betta Fish Tank guppy Grass Wall (Betta NAME Reveal).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Epzy63KqGk

86.  Divided Betta Fish Tank Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcQ6E1A6TY8

87.  Divided Betta Fish tanks..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVaq0Hq1iuU

88.  DIVIDED SHRIMP TANK SET UP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAqmSPTBuHo

89.  Divided Tank New Set Up (in depth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pfi6SbKomg0

90.  Do Betta Fish Need a Heater.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjEagMZ2Ls4

91.  Do We Still Have Our Goldfish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_fqqWlj-2o

92.  Dramatic Goldfish Color Change!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tMHmxJLvKk

93.  Drastic 75 Gallon Tank Makeover!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MImZMeAqhf8

94.  Easy Aquarium Plants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPvBPFZsJG4

95.  EASY DIY FILTER for a BETTA FISH TANK..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-NQikxDooo

96.  Easy Planted Divided Betta Fish Tank ( Step by Step).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYFBL0qPkv8

97.  Easy to Grow Beginner Aquarium Plants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSSe8Z2GpC4

98.  Endangered Fish (Denison Barb).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCehmurO-dA

99.  Euthanizing Our Goldfish (Belfins Story).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozsB3okrWvU

100.  FAQ Female Betta Sorority.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAFA_nBq15E

101.  FAQ on Betta Fish Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSTQgWE4zWY

102.  FAQ on Snails Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VkBEdrHOuo

103.  FAQ on Snails Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcgi2OyDm4U

104.  Feeding  Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GZ8tf9r0LY

105.  Feeding Betta and Guppy Fry Repashy Gel Food..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbqTwNrXfOE

106.  Feeding Betta Fry..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sode4Bzbrrc

107.  Feeding My  Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrD5dlN5l8c

108.  Feeding Our Fish (Live stream).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yR1SiFsVdsI

109.  Feeding Our Large Goldfish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZeOOOh6Xf4

110.  Filthy Aquarium (Why you should NOT Deep Clean Your Aquarium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gC2aC-CASZg

111.  Fin Rot vs Fin Biting in Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJM5W3VITwo

112.  First Livestream 2019 With SPECIAL guest!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nI71AVqfwfY

113.  Fish DIY Hobbit House..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqs1-rMuemY

114.  Fish Hangout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLdnVunRvMs

115.  Fish Haul! Petsmart and more..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oE8nAvJmQIk

116.  Fish Room Tank Tour 2019 Betta Fish, Goldfish, Shrimp and Much More.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciMHaD7AqBY

117.  Fish Room Tour SO Many Tanks, Fish, Shrimp and Snails..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keYUpRsL_1w

118.  Fish Supplies and Organization.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwuXvc9lJNk

119.  Fish Tank Disaster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qVTtrSaD1A

120.  Fish Unboxing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzQPYSgFyi0

121.  Getting a NEW Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bo5jRpZ0J30

122.  Giveaway 2017 (Closed).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4Ziw8hou9s

123.  Going to a Betta Fish Show (So Many Betta Fish).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4y5b1r6DvFU

124.  Goldfish (Belfin) Gets a BIGGER Tank..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vk6CWIP6OBc

125.  Goldfish 2 Month Growth Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhwg2D24O_Q

126.  Goldfish and Slime updates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHKW9sQLotI

127.  Goldfish Babies Moving  (Tanks) Update..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnaeUaVBkJo

128.  Goldfish Death and 6 Month Fry Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjsQ6AjszmU

129.  Goldfish Fry 2 Month Update and Adult Goldfish Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIYoLh6qnXU

130.  Goldfish Fry From Birth to 4 Months Old.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9A_j2CArxuI

131.  Goldfish Fry From Birth to 4 weeks..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MT1KDwrCGo0

132.  Goldfish Fry Update and Large Fish Food Unboxing!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaHeXDOBO_o

133.  Goldfish Gets a New GIRLFRIEND!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d9bgObRetw

134.  Goldfish Keeping Do's and Don'ts (Collab).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irqS9XwUzL4

135.  Goldfish Tank Set Up (55 Gallon Tank).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3e4TsgKPqq8

136.  Goldfish Update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sKFB2D0UT8

137.  Growing Aquarium Plants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zD0oujnqKko

138.  Happy New Year! Fish Talk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p72e4FiHmg

139.  Heavily Planted Betta Fish Tank OR is it.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZiQNBgrPbw

140.  House Plants in Aquariums. (Sad news Update).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ-NXytQ7q4

141.  How Often Do You Do Water Changes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uS56JG9qAM

142.  How to add a Betta Fish to a Community Tank..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gEYwup74xjg

143.  How to Add a Betta Fish to an Existing Sorority or Community Tank..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAG5fek4fTc

144.  How to Bleach Dip Aquarium Plants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKBfLPhKIgo

145.  How to Breed Betta Fish with Big City Bettas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YA86bXsLP9k

146.  How to Breed Guppies STEP by STEP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aV64OoDo90Q

147.  How to Breed Mystery SnailsApple snail..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-fRppLFh98

148.  How to Choose a Betta Fish and Add It To The Tank (episode 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvinTIODiAU

149.  How to Clean a Divided Betta Fish Tank (Collab).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSUBQfbQxUU

150.  How to Clean Aquarium Sand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qiJZ86tCICk

151.  How to Connect Several SpongeDIY Filters to an Air Pump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyQIuTX0h2w

152.  How To Cycle A Tank And the Nitrogen Cycle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okLoPNwfv34

153.  How To Do a Water Change on a Betta Fish Tank (Episode 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hgPeguzdfY

154.  How to do a Water Change on a Betta Fish Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOfGRfyoznA

155.  How to do Easy Water Changes using a Pump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKSWr8nLpk8

156.  How to feed Cucumber to Fish, Snails and Shrimp.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ff5Td-Ols3w

157.  How To Feed Goldfish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9B6n3_7A-w

158.  How to Feed Shrimp ..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ9ArV0-ml8

159.  How To Grow Your Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxvsCzGOkys

160.  How to Install Lifewithpets Betta Fish tank divider. (Now available for purchase!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9nhxW1XT8U

161.  How to make a DIY Aquarium Lid..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ro5xigLb7JY

162.  How To Make a DIY Sponge Filter for a Betta Fish Tank..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmXWmgOJAcY

163.  How to Make Repashy Gel Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwCp5q0KQ8U

164.  How To Save Money in The Aquarium Hobby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkopVSJQdS8

165.  How to set up a 20 Gallon Fish Tank..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asmo2vZPQmg

166.  How to Set Up a 20 Gallon Planted Aquarium (Low Tech).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNMKfN9MFwo

167.  How to set up a Betta fish tank (Basic planted Betta tank).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cohrhux6YJs

168.  How to Set Up a Brine Shrimp Hatchery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FkwyVLLgE8

169.  How to Set up a Divided Betta Fish Tank (In Depth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgjqoRzmSVI

170.  How to Set up a Goldfish tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhkYGsm3H9Q

171.  How to Set Up a New Betta Fish Tank (Episode 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gZzVnEpkWk

172.  How to Set Up a Sunsun Canister Filter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hg6ijo5pq_M

173.  How To Ship Fish.(Guppies).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBwH7Asxt9s

174.  How to Ship Snails..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGT6fN_z41o

175.  How to Take Care of Fish During Power Outage..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mx9lUq55tT4

176.  How to Treat Ich. (White Spot).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcA-XkDhZMA

177.  How to Treat Popeye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7nn8U5TjPc

178.  How to Trim  Puffer Fish Teeth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMhww9m1B6c

179.  How to use  House Plants in  Your Aquarium (In Depth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeqFqvrxOgs

180.  How to use a Gravel Vacuum without having to suck on the tube. Simple and easy!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-004UzToSM

181.  How to Use a Pothos Plant in your Aquarium..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPu8eStQrnE

182.  How to use Artificial Grass in an Aquarium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx_DRVjvPIw

183.  How We Do Our Divided Betta Fish Tank Filtration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usqbGYcJyII

184.  How we Set up a Breeding Tank for Profit ( New Tank Build ) Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bltkcg3ZU3s

185.  Huge Announcement. Large Fish and Food Haul and a NEW Tank SETUP..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Lx48sPZMUs

186.  Huge Betta Fish Haul, plants and decorations..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKL_Dgdi3K0

187.  Huge Fish Haul and New Tank Reveal (Sneak peak).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChfB2q0xH18

188.  HUGE Goldfish Updates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-QnYiPZrCU

189.  HUGE New Snail and Shrimp Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgmuV8iYrNw

190.  Hurricane update and What Happened to The Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRw3ivNnJ78

191.  I Need your input and Lets Talk Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aY4HuZPcxbQ

192.  Is YOUR Fish Safe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2f3Jp8hUkE

193.  Issues and Feeding Amazon Puffers  (Collab).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gguOHZpNBFE

194.  It's Been a While!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOVdIOfIhgQ

195.  It’s that time of year!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9bfETZspAU

196.  Jardin xy- 2008 Economy Corner Sponge Filter Review.( Ideal for Betta tanks.).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JawoKBe8iA8

197.  Jumping Betta Fish Live Stream..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrFxBzvJNEg

198.  Large Goldfish Water Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsGwlrCjUWo

199.  Large Redline torpedo barbs, Roseline Denison barb update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsJ2l5BFOx8

200.  Large Tinfoil barbs community tank update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0A1BqBk_htY

201.  Late night Livestream!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwHpKcELZtk

202.  Leaking Betta Fish Tank and Moving Fish around.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g436F4wDfJY

203.  Lemons for Leukemia Challenge LIVE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpBJD0SO6e4

204.  Let's talk fish..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btQ4y3KLaFQ

205.  Lets talk fish..... Testing our new Internet speed!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0-WAu2lfxA

206.  Let’s catch up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81sj_E4KhTs

207.  Let’s talk!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anmEQyKE2LA

208.  Lifewithpets 10k live stream!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivPVVjYztzY

209.  Lifewithpets First Live Stream Q&A..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdmLMDXMmGk

210.  Lifewithpets Tank Dividers See ALL Sizes. Install with and without Silicone. Tank Set Up. Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfLV7O5F1bE

211.  Lot of Upcoming Tank Projects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9agWYNmQeZM

212.  Lots of Tank Updates and Goldfish Fry!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hx1ySpfSibg

213.  Low Tech Planted Aquarium  (20 Gallon Betta  Community tank).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5hBC8WB7Gg

214.  Lucy's Talents!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzG1jEpC3Vk

215.  Meet Our New Betta Fish (Murphy's story).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NETBQ0187Q

216.  Meet our New Pet! Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGipht69vpI

217.  My Betta Fish Won’t Eat!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYD-535Ay3g

218.  Mystery Snail breeding..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxW287NVpqc

219.  Mystery Snails and Nerite Snails (time lapse).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6M49sOwutk

220.  Mystery Snails from Birth to 2 months.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8z5leSqUGs

221.  New  Betta Fish From Creative Pet Keeping!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ojhaek-5RAw

222.  New 20 Gallon Tank Setup for Snails and New Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUEy8MkWYOM

223.  New 75 Gallon Tank Set Up (Part one).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_l6na6IXvbA

224.  New Betta Fish (Arthur's Story of an Unconventional Friendship.).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnjbmAMtfW0

225.  New Betta Fish and His Planted Tank Set Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5SbH9mgFtU

226.  New Betta Fish and Murphys Update..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVTd0m9JJBE

227.  New Betta Fish Unboxing and Tank Set Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okS9NGDeR_c

228.  New Divided Tank Betta Fish Set Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SM-bysaDcys

229.  New female Betta Fish and Tank updates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYGOhe-QX14

230.  New Fish and 125 Gallon Tank Update..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6dzm3win54

231.  New fish and Plants in a 75 Gallon Betta Fish Tank. (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1MIslYNju8

232.  New Fish in The Breeding Tank For Profit..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wJuTWUeeBw

233.  New Fish Reveal and Feeding them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfWaokSnNCI

234.  New Fish, Updates, Upcoming Giveaway and More!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ry1ntmEkP-E

235.  NEW Imported BETTA FISH Unboxing and Finished Tank Set Up..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBOqVd8OFmc

236.  New Shrimp and Subscriber Meet Up!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eR9OuWN1Ll0

237.  No Power in The Fish Room.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2sKqe07K_8

238.  One year on YouTube. What We've Learned and What's Next.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FvcN_PQYqM

239.  One Years Goldfish Growth. Wow How They've Grown!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEj8oFrHCDE

240.  Orlando Vacation Vlog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiD0P6WvxYo

241.  Plant Pak Unboxing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxoanWUemsM

242.  PLANT ROCKS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PWxrnM0d7c

243.  Planted 20 gallon Betta Fish community Tank (Completely redesigned).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmyFZCZwKx8

244.  Planted Goldfish Tanks..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okx_pe8YJ9o

245.  Plants in a Goldfish Tank. Goldfish Update..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prwtlmQl-5c

246.  Preparing our Pets for Vacation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yacpiouYgTI

247.  Preparing to Evacuate and Sad News..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnMsE1FjBO4

248.  Redline torpedo barbs, Denison barb, Roselines up close in their 125 gallon tank..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asZuZ0xsq_o

249.  See our Tanks and New T-shirts! (Live Stream).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIF5axgz5s0

250.  Separating Fighting Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvUlHPYlwSY

251.  SETTING  up a New BETTA FISH Tank..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40JRnrjz1aU

252.  Setting up 11 NEW Tanks in the Fish HOUSE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85Gs5WqRpD4

253.  Setting up a 75 Gallon Tank (The design part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck6Rd6n3W94

254.  Setting up a Breeding Tank for Profit. (New tank build) Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gk9MTC1QaFg

255.  Setting Up a Fish Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TB34fsExH0

256.  Setting up a LARGE Fish Tank (The Final Reveal.).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MsI8BGQ-Pg

257.  Setting up a New 10 Gallon divided Betta Fish Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsSYUVG5K58

258.  Setting up a NEW Divided Betta Fish Tank Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1GTox50rE4

259.  Setting up One Gallon Betta Fish Jars..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNZmBTMKsQ0

260.  Sick Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfcmlL7bdBs

261.  Sick Fish update.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAfFKqnt0f4

262.  Sick Goldfish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMY2fOu0aJs

263.  So Many Fish!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc5RihqkEgA

264.  So Many Fry and Shrimp in The Breeding Tank For Profit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLV4mYisdIM

265.  Spend The Day With Us ( HUGE UNBOXING).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lajxk95WLl8

266.  Sunsun Canister Filter Unboxing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DBe7htjAGk

267.  Surprise Gift and International Collab Giveaway!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ejzDuAhTso

268.  Testing A Battery Powered Air Pump with a Sponge Filter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVp3ijB8m_c

269.  Things to Consider Before Buying Goldfish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSxMcetlSaI

270.  Top 5 Tips When Starting an Aquarium(AVOID the MISTAKES).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRjmUIRPlmE

271.  Treating Ich With Heat (Severe Ich Outbreak).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ep1aXjvZ4c

272.  Unboxing  Live Aquarium Plants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smoWRIm6j3s

273.  Unboxing a STUNNING new Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zP50pBh4iEU

274.  Unboxing an Imported Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieBL1Iwf250

275.  Unboxing Fancy Goldfish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yfd_XrNfJgo

276.  Unboxing Large NEW Fish for the 125 Gallon Tank..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6bN7uYsXnA

277.  Unboxing Live Worm Cultures..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iX4efY80HTY

278.  Unboxing New Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqlOAx-rbSw

279.  Unboxing Rare Color Mystery Snails..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wATUub_9v04

280.  Updates On Betta Fish and Ich Outbreak..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9k682VhbLM

281.  We've got fry! Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHyeny_iuvo

282.  What Betta Fish Heaters Do We Use.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3cOlKyWuhA

283.  What Fish Live with OUR Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acFQqL63Ubs

284.  What happened to our Goldfish's Eye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PGKQDcPZsk

285.  What Happened to Our Goldfish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=el05fZ8eKVk

286.  What Items are Needed for Setting Up a Betta Fish Tank (Episode 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1hDa9z4_VI

287.  What to feed Betta Fish (Episode 7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQIiIFf50xM

288.  What to Feed Betta Fish Fry and Juveniles..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4TQkRwy-Ag

289.  What To Feed Snails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWTikJYkx_I

290.  What We Feed Our Goldfish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsM_B8hqqUk

291.  What’s Happened to the Guppies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NOMDKN5jFM

292.  When And Why Do Water Changes on a Fish Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmuPzt_LvWc

293.  Which Aquarium Light is Better.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrOJIiGqAOM

294.  Which Female Betta.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erD9UsZ04yA

295.  Which Snail is BEST at Removing Algae..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGxa964sEVM

296.  White Slime In Our Betta Fish Tank.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgvxRcfhakU

297.  Why is My BETTA Inactive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWcSYttqxwU

298.  Why We’re Not Breeding Betta Fish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJiNOUaLeWc

299.  Winner of the 10k Giveaway!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JH5c0WuAa5I

300.  Worst Fish Unboxing Ever. (Lots of Fish).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AUF2Eyayvk

301.  Your Questions Answered.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJvjmM8YXC8
Lifewithpets - Videos