
1.  'On the Waterfront' ( 1954 film, HD) -- 'I coulda been somebody'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35D-9K3IyyM

2.  12 Angry Men great scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2m_9t3v-E8

3.  12 Years a Slave -  tiptoeing with a rope on a neck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92AmGY8P2po

4.  400 Blows Final Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4jGNoag_1g

5.  500 days of Summer (Expectations VS Reality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yj_48w1pfIk

6.  8½ - The First Three Minutes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TsElhgMeXE

7.  A Brighter Summer Day (1991) - Ming and Xiao Si'r Encounter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXnI97h7uD4

8.  A Few Good Men - You can't handle the truth!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtpOtFIEkbs

9.  A Serious Man - Goy's Teeth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rru5jRWqj0c

10.  Akira bike scene  AKIRA ( 1988 ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0lOTFRFAqQ

11.  Alien Chestburster Scene [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V57yRKzJo1k

12.  AMADEUS Criação do Requiem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKBMoYq1KS0

13.  American Beauty Dance Scene HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8a90BAwsvlA

14.  American Werewolf in London - Complete Transformation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFLQS12z8K4

15.  Apocalypse Now intro The Doors, The End {1979}.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIrvSJwwJUE

16.  Barry Lyndon - Jeu - Franz Schubert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkJZOxqB-qk

17.  Ben-Hur (1959) - Rowing of the Galley Slaves HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax7wcShvrus

18.  Best duel scene - The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwdypLFy8Pk

19.  Best Horror Scenes Exorcist III (1990).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7Yu8jCrJeg

20.  Best scene one must watch & make sure you read the description  Edward Norton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuDkv4JYxOE

21.  Blade Runner - Final scene, Tears in Rain Monologue (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NoAzpa1x7jU

22.  Blue velvet - Do it for Van Gogh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HEoqLdy10Q

23.  Cache (2005) - Majid scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfKj-BulY9U

24.  Casablanca - We'll Always Have Paris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pa-dGYjSq5k

25.  catch me if you can almost caught scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiXTwfipyqk

26.  Charles Bronson; You Brought Two Too Many.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XkHsinz7oU

27.  Charlie Chaplin - Eating Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_1apYo6-Ow

28.  Charlie Chaplin - Final Speech from The Great Dictator.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7GY1Xg6X20

29.  Charlie Chaplin - The Gold Rush - Roll Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DLdMa98JdM

30.  Children of men Car Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfBSncUspBk

31.  Chinatown (1974) Ending - Forget it Jake, It's Chinatown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjSshSvQWQA

32.  Citizen Kane (1941) Breakfast Montage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMkPIW22bq4

33.  City Lights ending - Charlie Chaplin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaMdZl0Y8LM

34.  City of God - Kill One of Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4800ic83Yc

35.  Clint Eastwood as Walt Kowalski teaches manners in Gran Torino.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tbg1-nuW0Cc

36.  Do The Right Thing - Great Scene - 'Radio Revolt'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjhvEGcAtuU

37.  Donnie Darko (2001) - Movie Theater scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WbzSSuJ6KA

38.  Dr. Strangelove great scene - 'Phone Call' [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EO7O7meqZlo

39.  Dream sequence in The Conversation (Francis Ford Coppola, 1974).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJmmVRi2s1Q

40.  Drive Opening Getaway Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdqbdEKeJ_4

41.  Earth Angel Scene - Back to the Future 1985 HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPrPfkT82Pw

42.  Ending - The Usual Suspects spoilers Best scene ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYXXhn9fMYs

43.  Famous Movie Scene Good Will Hunting It's Not Your Fault HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYa6gbDcx18

44.  Fav Movie Scenes - Joker's interrogation (The Dark Knight).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnOLhXmhkyA

45.  Favorite Pixar's Up scene ever - Ellie and Carl's relationship through time, Sad scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2bk_9T482g

46.  Fight Club scene - capitalist lies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JLiAWySu64

47.  Final scene from Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UucXz3ZGmF4

48.  First Man (2018) - Opening Scene - HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcLJj6i1LTs

49.  Five Easy Pieces Diner Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wtfNE4z6a8

50.  Flight Hearing Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_-VQfS4zAk

51.  For a Few Dollars More - Final Duel (1965 HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0JPnR7C8mZQ

52.  George C. Scott Best Actor for  Patton .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CCA6uxQE-bw

53.  Gladiator - Maximus Decimus Meridius.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5i0u4jFmE78

54.  Grave of the Fireflies - Setsuko's Death.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ovJGnjOjx4

55.  Gravity continuous shot. Opening Scene. Space debris hits Explorer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKW-Gd_S_xc

56.  Great Scene From 'Requiem For A Dream' - The Red Dress.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5TrCQxYUdM

57.  HAL 9000 I'm sorry Dave, I'm afraid I can't do that.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARJ8cAGm6JE

58.  HD 1080p Singin' in the Rain (Title Song) 1952 - Gene Kelly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w40ushYAaYA

59.  Heat Shootout Scene [High Quality].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZL9fnVtz_lc

60.  Her (2013) - Samantha and Theodore's sex scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haNuKdpEo9o

61.  I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore! Speech from Network (1080p).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZwMVMbmQBug

62.  Inception Rotating Hallway Fight Scene HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94goG-pLtaQ

63.  Inglourious Basterds - Pipe Scene - Full HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUZv6bn7Hwg

64.  Insidious - Face of Fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGT87k_CVJ0

65.  It Follows (2014) - The arrival of a tall man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnrT_zyumAM

66.  It's A Wonderful Life greatest film ending.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPrInsMoVSw

67.  It's Alive - Frankenstein.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDQ4xQHb-BU

68.  It’s Such a Beautiful Day - Bill lives and lives, forever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NpbDgIogKw

69.  Jaws The U.S.S. Indianapolis Speech.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xO60RohuARY

70.  Katz's Delicatessen - in When Harry Met Sally.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-bsf2x-aeE

71.  La dolce vita - Final scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uU2xhRYeJa8

72.  Lost In Translation, last scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgJ3WqCRuKg

73.  Magnolia (1999) - Catharsis Scene (Tom Cruise).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3VH5wfAoKA

74.  Meet me in Montauk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpxtlYBuoYw

75.  Memento-Beginning At The End.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqW9fnkhqrs

76.  Midsommar - Ättestupa Cliff Scene (1080p).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMFhRgYKCpQ

77.  mirage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSZ90GMlvHQ

78.  Monty Python - The Black Knight - Tis But A Scratch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmInkxbvlCs

79.  Moonlight Chiron's Revenge (ii) [Spoiler].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xn0ykJlRdWg

80.  Mulholland Drive - Diner Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UozhOo0Dt4o

81.  No Country For Old Men Coin Toss  HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLCL6OYbSTw

82.  Odessa Steps (Battleship Potemkin).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMWMq4AEyjU

83.  Oldboy The Corridor Fight Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwIIDzrVVdc

84.  One Flew Over The Cuckoos Nest - I Want My Cigarettes Full Scene - 1080p Full HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLVSohBg_yA

85.  Paprika (2006) ~ Parade Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-QpfLV8dQw

86.  Paris Texas greatest film ending 1 of 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWetWsvHnyg

87.  Paths of Glory (1957) - ending scene [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJH8hO7VlWE

88.  Persona (1966) -- One Time At The Beach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfPjC2Fbd3w

89.  Piano scene from movie Big (1988).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25CtoSJD9eo

90.  PLANET OF THE APES (1968) - Lady Liberty Destroyed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XvuM3DjvYf0

91.  Pulp Fiction - the gold watch monologue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWp6hZ-5ndc

92.  Raging Bull great scene - meltdown in jail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Kz01zSsr1s

93.  Rashomon (1950) ???.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofoOz0OkCig

94.  Reservoir Dogs TippingGratuity Scene 720p HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4sbYy0WdGQ

95.  Robert DeNiro Stand-Up Comedy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajb8wd7jDFU

96.  Scent Of a Woman-Al Pacino Speech.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Tzg_S4NrRQ

97.  SE7EN Scene - The Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1giVzxyoclE

98.  Sean Penn I Can't Even Cry For Her.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZu69uwhml8

99.  Shocking scene from AUDITION(Odishon) 1999 HD 1080p.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mt1F1d2JZ0I

100.  Short Term 12 story scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_eFG5kXlTiU

101.  Sicario Mexico Border Scene HD 1080p.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzKwClRvRco

102.  Some Like It Hot Ending.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMiHoI5d8Po

103.  Someone In The Crowd La La Land (2016 Official Movie Clip).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7RmBgq4tT4

104.  Sophie's choice.Le choix de Sophie.Alan J.Pakula.1982.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYQjsbn4KCM

105.  Spotlight  Best Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VR8Z64v7-mU

106.  Star Wars Episode V - I am your Father scene (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgDPi5WvC8M

107.  Sympathy for the Devil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-QKd37uFug

108.  Taxi Driver - You Talking to Me Scene HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYUTtL59kJk

109.  The best scene of Forrest Gump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFvASiMTDz0

110.  The best scene of Wall-E.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoqmTz6638g

111.  The Big Lebowski Jesus Scene (HD 720p).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWz8NGIisMo

112.  The Breakfast Club - Group Therapy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdrTKPyW018

113.  The Deer Hunter - Final Scene (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTC_vBW8rlo

114.  The Departed  Heavy Lies The Crown  Leonardo Dicaprio vs Oscar Winner Jack Nicholson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfjbbuKUqak

115.  The Elephant Man - Train Station Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sF19L00KbAI

116.  The French Connection car chase.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzEloJ5venk

117.  The Godfather 2 You won't take my children!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLvKtstNUD0

118.  The Godfather I   Opening scene HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6LKszIrDzo

119.  The Graduate -- Hello darkness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14pdNYXY3Zo

120.  The Great Escape (La gran evasión) - Hilts escapes in motorcycle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoEnQH5NXUk

121.  The Green Mile   John Coffey's Execution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIc3KVyPpSk

122.  The Hurt Locker ???? ???? ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grYB_HQF-BU

123.  The Iron Giant best scene (sacrifice).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mz5RfjbImpI

124.  The King's Speech - World War Speech.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPLIw64rLJc

125.  The Last Of The Mohicans End Scene(HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8ZisDHg6v0

126.  The Lion King Long live the king.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xtYp8l0xiY

127.  The Master  Processing Scene [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hakQFZh8QpA

128.  The Mirror - Burning House.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-Q7cvTh_jU

129.  The Princess Bride - a battle of wits scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZSx3zNZOaU

130.  The Return of the King - Sméagol and Déagol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxN2Mewamj0

131.  The Ring ??? 1998 ending scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c80-nyjP9Hg

132.  The Seventh Seal - The knight meets Death [English sub].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4yXBIigZbg

133.  The Shawshank Redemption - Rehabilitation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcn6v7IaIfA

134.  The Shining - Hallway Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79p57JJrMwo

135.  The Silence of the Lambs great scene - Clarice & Hannibal's first meeting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoZ1e5kjjcs

136.  The Social Network Club Scene - I'm CEO, Bitch! (1080p).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REJ9bh7vuDE

137.  The Square clip - Monkey Performance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qOu9FVb1_w

138.  The Thing best scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0tfxCFN6JI

139.  The Third Man 1949   Ferris Wheel Scene 3min.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21h0G_gU9Tw

140.  The Truman Show - At World's End.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gn5kuDdeGzs

141.  There Will Be Blood ending (part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaxc7RYm5jY

142.  To Kill a Mockingbird - Atticus Finch's closing argument.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOocTXKPVVU

143.  Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow..From Birdman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTSudPcM8cs

144.  Top Gun - You Take My Breath Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xf_oMbS4XxM

145.  Training Day Ending scene (1080p HD Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwnP7jhTrlQ

146.  Trainspotting - Bar Scene HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUZyNLZZjMs

147.  Vertigo nightmare sequence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzNj3QjZqlo

148.  Whiplash Finale (Caravan) (Part 2)  Whiplash (2014)  1080p HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TAfvMn8_EQ

149.  Wolf Of Wallstreet Matthew McConaughey [FULL SCENE] [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wM6exo00T5I

150.  Yojimbo, Akira Kurosawa, 1961 - Mifune Kicks Ass Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCjsazHO0c0

151.  You were never really here [2017] - Final scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E46LFNlKFOg

152.  Zodiac Basemet Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIy-X8-pEoU

153.  Zulu (1964) final battle [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEX0WRkSDrs
Greatest Movie Scenes