
10 Halloween Hazards for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OKRmCdZm40

10 Steps to Take If Your Pet Goes Missing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nb6ddi9ZCBM

10 Tips to Keep Your Pets Safe in the Heat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XhbQWLDO8Tc

10 Ways You're Stressing Out Your Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJz6lgUbnus

12 Surprisingly Toxic Foods for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8TtinST_pA

15 Ways to Minimize Pet Allergies at Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-MH5IW4ABc

25 Ways to Tell if Your Pet Loves You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-LdLa5M7k0

4 At Home Boredom Busters for Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXa3trCD7FY

4th of July Pet Safety Tips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBbBNAJsMk0

5 Most Dramatic Dog Breeds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcJLG2ro6T8

5 Reasons to Not Declaw Your Cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-90VL5fXVUI

5 Reasons Your Pet Should Be Allowed at Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4s8GqpjmeNw

5 Steps to Help Keep Your Dog’s Mouth Healthy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oqlg-U0TbY0

5 Ways to Reduce Your Pet's Cancer Risk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txicqTZB2xI

7 Reasons Why You Should Let Your Dog Sleep Beside You at Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpFhtv3LVr0

7 Signs Your Dog Is Feeling Ignored and Unloved
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37U1GMqVJAA

7 Steps to Keep Your Dog Safe from Thieves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOPankLRhQE

9 Tips for Staying Safe During Outdoor Adventures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0tHmrfGGg8

A Safe and Natural Pest Repellant for Pets!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZ1xA8uJkwA

A Short Story About the History of Pet Food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrbwxPnFqLA

A Sound Beginning A 14-Day Plan for Your Adopted Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjjMHtrE4uM

A Talk About Canine Brucellosis With Dr. Becker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asTjToodj2E

Addison's Disease in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCG6GhwpdJo

Addressing Systemic Issues With Dr. Mace Licuanan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-F5Sgv-fyi4

AGEs and Its Effect on the Feline Diabetes Epidemic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybjDow_LTcQ

All Natural Dog Shampoo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faOCqq-ZmWQ

All You Need to Know About Histoplasmosis in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsWn2d9xRZM

Amanda Jo on Why She Saves Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6X69Zn_HDwk

Amazing Uses of Coconut Oil for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Q6P4qsQ5Y0

An Overview of Pet Allergies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HOO0jlOEzI

Animal Emergencies (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDYVRD8oiS8

Animal Emergencies (Part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vb3U1sMLebE

Animals in South America With Giselle Huertas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=an86trDjFEw

Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1r6Hpc7uDI

Avoid the #1 Reason Cats Go to the Vet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5Byuu_wQ7A

Baths Tips and Rinses (Part 12)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1voV6BLr8U

Baths Tips and Rinses (Part 22)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MH6gjJHtUhM

Beef and Bison Bites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-0osSDL0M4

Being a Mobile Veterinarian With Dr. Heather Oxford (1850846)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CG4AYYVPsj0

Being a Mobile Veterinarian With Dr. Heather Oxford
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osYVn-YO9lI

Being Open to New Modalities With Dr. Nicole Sheehan (1793663)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0TAha0xGLA

Being Open to New Modalities With Dr. Nicole Sheehan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrgBn7ph_4Y

Being Open-Minded to More Healing Modalities With Dr. Kaitlin Iulo (1484885)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqlG62eZSvA

Being Open-Minded to More Healing Modalities With Dr. Kaitlin Iulo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WHRp8ivOlo

Benefits of Massaging Your Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wO7G_9v6KxM

Bone Diseases in Growing Puppies (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebb_eoNkS2s

Bone Diseases in Growing Puppies (Part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFKBn1fmQ8Q

Bones for Your Pup!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPAji-1f8N0

Breaking Down Barriers With Dr. Hooley (1717998)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQcQHtrmT9g

Breaking Down Barriers With Dr. Hooley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7PnPndu0dM

Bring Out the Hunter in Your Cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIEeJUkIp38

Canine Degenerative Myelopathy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqmBWun9jnI

Canine Housebreaking Challenges Part 1 of 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmreWbneuRg

Canine Housebreaking Challenges Part 2 of 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mo_3_O2DMVU

Canine Influenza  Does Your Pet Need a Flu Shot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXkS3Zt4uBE

Canine Jeans and Jackets (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwajpDFfB_w

Canine Obesity Part 1 of 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GHPpZZ-bo0

Canine Obesity Part 2 of 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5zJFMLY92g

Canine Testosterone Replacement With Dr. David Bieber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0lWSfROxUs

Cannabis for Pets with Dr. Robert Silver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y690LtyjvFc

CANWI Awareness Week Insights Into Commercial Pet Foods Can We Do Better Yes, We Can!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCxpz_q5LR8

Caring for Unadoptable Animals With Florence Thuot (1283492)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkEjWfCYU_Q

Caring for Unadoptable Animals With Florence Thuot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuj8naBRvCw

Cataracts In Your Dog Or Cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyoGoex2SN0

Causes, Symptoms and Treatment of Diarrhea in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUV6MEIzsFk

Changing the Direction of Your Practice WIth Dr. Cecille O'Brien Greenleaf (1497378)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWmQEBRPemA

Changing the Direction of Your Practice WIth Dr. Cecille O'Brien Greenleaf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ReZT93O9jtQ

Chia Chunks Superfood Treats for Your Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8L_6fLBl51g

Chiropractic and Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzFvl4P37ro

Cleaning Your Pet's Indoor Air
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y20Hx9oKr-k

Combining Conventional and Holistic Therapies With Dr. Lenarz (1341457)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P54Z3W7Fy1Y

Combining Conventional and Holistic Therapies With Dr. Lenarz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=845ilPjpnNg

Combining Your Passion and Career With Stephany Smith (1217596)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDZXZftu9a4

Combining Your Passion and Career With Stephany Smith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GG7CdDcuou8

Common Problem of Overweight Cats (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1WM6lR-mak

Common Problem of Overweight Cats (Part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMsHioVhuB0

Coprophagia in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UUc5-WhGF8

Crate Training 101
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYdjWGL2yTA

Creating a Community for Natural Pet Care With April Arguin (1238989)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnnSJGGEhfM

Creating a Community for Natural Pet Care With April Arguin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8g_UzvwbTsY

Dealing with Gallbladder Problems in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrulSN6WWzs

Declawing Your Cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkouFAQziS4

Delicious Doggie Ice Cream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCWoy912Ss8

Discovering Homeopathy With Dr. Peter Dobias
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1TRjpJN9BY

Discovering New Ways of Healing With Dr. Elizabeth McKinstry (1778573)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqvgUCH3mdI

Discovering New Ways of Healing With Dr. Elizabeth McKinstry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Mw9PhaX1Cg

Discovering the Importance of Nutrition With Dr. Conor Brady
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpSiV6UwvYo

DIY How to Make a Pet Bed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JH_IjRnv44

DIY How to Make Cat Toys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MvBJD6qzz8

Dog and Cat Owner's Guide Giardia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfzfWoICzFM

Dr  Becker Discusses Mast Cell Tumors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqLlAX3anfQ

Dr  Becker Discusses MCT Oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLYcc68y5bU

Dr  Becker Discusses Ubiquinol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dKoCC-y9nM

Dr  Becker Interviews Dr  Jodi Van Tine, Dr  Janice Huntingford and Dr  Nichola spooner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKyND2rcbAQ

Dr  Becker Interviews Dr. Pierson About Feeding Cats with Kidney Disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbwYL-dMl5M

Dr  Becker Talks About Dry Eye (KCS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agDojIG91yw

Dr Becker What You Need to Know About Feline Acne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq7lI3AR3_k

Dr.  Becker Discusses Yeast Infection in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnRLzsr7xm0

Dr.  Becker Talks About Detoxification
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8040s1iAYEQ

Dr. Becker & Dr. Chambreau Talk About Pet Parenting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghfG8ueyRf4

Dr. Becker & Dr. Dodds Discuss Thyroid Disease in Pets (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WN5ZFP9pUg

Dr. Becker & Dr. Silver on Medical Marijuana for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnJiXH-YK-I

Dr. Becker & Dr. Tiekert at the AHVMA Convention
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zA2aBaDqRY

Dr. Becker & Jen Ortman on Animal Communication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_u894Alzjc

Dr. Becker and AHVMF's Fundraising
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8x4-AKRLufI

Dr. Becker and Bill Bookout Talk About Pet Health Supplements
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wtxmd5rudsk

Dr. Becker and Dr.  Fishburn on Holistic Dog Training and Animal Behavior (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fe0ERhS3wC0

Dr. Becker and Dr. Bittel Discuss Hospice Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRLUJYP5pg4

Dr. Becker and Dr. Dodds Discuss the New California Bill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZzmVtfzO08

Dr. Becker and Dr. Dodds Discuss Thyroid Disease in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1FcKMAtu8k

Dr. Becker and Dr. Dodds Talk About Titers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQrh34kHB7s

Dr. Becker and Dr. Fishburn on Holistic Dog Training and Animal Behavior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbs-jCyeuEk

Dr. Becker and Dr. Fougere Talk About Plant Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g46Yl0EyvVo

Dr. Becker and Dr. Harman Talk About Holistic Healing for Horses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-EXaTgA31Y

Dr. Becker and Dr. Klein on Nutrigenomics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxTf21UQNxg

Dr. Becker and Dr. Loops on Homeopathic Nosodes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icYnXc7wFUo

Dr. Becker and Dr. Martin on Species-Appropriate Nutrition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r2lWardmX4

Dr. Becker and Dr. Raditic on Pet Nutrition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzEnYGs3F0s

Dr. Becker and Dr. Robb Discuss Over-Vaccination of Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETpOIriQ4Tc

Dr. Becker and Dr. Roman Discuss Fecal Transplants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K58VpTSqxTs

Dr. Becker and Dr. Royal on Holistic Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUcMGeZsoA4

Dr. Becker and Dr. Scanlan on Immuno-Augmentative Therapy for Cancer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqXjbRUV5-A

Dr. Becker and Dr. Shelton Discuss Pet Essential Oils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycjF9bVk398

Dr. Becker and Dr. Shelton on Essential Oils
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LNXplmPSDo

Dr. Becker and Dr. Silver on the Quality of Life in Geriatric Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxAqad5qCYw

Dr. Becker and Dr. Stogdale on Pet's Adrenal Gland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8-F2FOTYC4

Dr. Becker and Dr. Valente Talk About Spaying and Neutering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-4su_bYVcg

Dr. Becker and Dr. Wagner on Healing Pets with Energy Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUodbz5-gbo

Dr. Becker and Greg Tilfod Discuss Herbal Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RsSXAD5JCY

Dr. Becker and Jonah Talk About Cat Litter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nrCUH2ZdAQ

Dr. Becker and Kohl Harrington on Pet Food Industry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1NkMY2pvr8

Dr. Becker and Pol Sandro-Yepes on Homemade Dog Food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wklIETCsDyI

Dr. Becker and Steve Brown on Raw Food Diet for Pets (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xDK-4lkpR0

Dr. Becker and Steve Brown on Raw Food Diet for Pets (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grGlkNpaq_4

Dr. Becker Are Vaccinations Necessary for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1j4ZGfAJ2Jk

Dr. Becker Blastomycosis Symptoms & Treatment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5MA0Q-rUb4

Dr. Becker Bones and Your Dog (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BicU-ZnU3Vk

Dr. Becker Bones and Your Dog (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VniVuZny4LA

Dr. Becker Causes and Diagnosis of Vaginitis in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eX-wZApR8q8

Dr. Becker Demonstrates How to Make A Bone Broth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lI-vo8td7ME

Dr. Becker Demonstrates Quick Tips for Your New Puppy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqt0dKrEPhk

Dr. Becker Detoxification For Your Pets (Full Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePgJ_TkBiCc

Dr. Becker Dicusses Horner's Syndrome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_20WsQ1VqCM

Dr. Becker Discusses Acral Lick Dermatitis in Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhHLOWhAfqg

Dr. Becker Discusses Addison's Disease in Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IFy2WLHT0I

Dr. Becker Discusses Adrenal Gland Cancer in Dogs and Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sjNKnTGoYE

Dr. Becker Discusses Air Purifiers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtFTboC2T0E

Dr. Becker Discusses Anal Gland Cancer in Dogs and Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDuDT15htUU

Dr. Becker Discusses Anemia in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KL4wfmGWnX8

Dr. Becker Discusses Anterior Uveitis in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QG_9p6l5Cz4

Dr. Becker Discusses Anticoagulant Poisoning and Treatment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlfqykFcoWg

Dr. Becker Discusses Antifreeze Poisoning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4puI0VPpkM

Dr. Becker Discusses Atlantoaxial Instability in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpaIZdJWBgg

Dr. Becker Discusses Basal Cell Tumors in Dogs and Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQa17koE-dE

Dr. Becker Discusses Bile Duct Cancer in Dogs and Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRi59pdDvJA

Dr. Becker Discusses Bladder Support for Aging Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKkSezXOv8g

Dr. Becker Discusses Blindness in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7geUzTvlr0

Dr. Becker Discusses Brain Tumors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYT_4ofv698

Dr. Becker Discusses Canine Babesiosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSCxznB5Ddg

Dr. Becker Discusses Canine Coronavirus (CCV)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNrI6uWn3Qk

Dr. Becker Discusses Canine Distemper Virus (CDV)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VN1ALKLbt2c

Dr. Becker Discusses Canine Leptospirosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sp-rK2kQREY

Dr. Becker Discusses Canine Stress Syndrome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtA17Q4QACg

Dr. Becker Discusses Cat Pain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G-b-m2kn5g

Dr. Becker Discusses Cataracts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkwdLDb19uQ

Dr. Becker Discusses Chondrosarcoma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47Nr97WdHwE

Dr. Becker Discusses Chronic Kidney Failure in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtO9NewpIHo

Dr. Becker Discusses Colitis in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9XG-vDcX8o

Dr. Becker Discusses Craniomandibular Osteopathy (CMO)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYvUJfdr-mQ

Dr. Becker Discusses Diabetes Insipidus or Water Diabetes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Lp80Zy1OgE

Dr. Becker Discusses Digestive Enzymes for Healthy Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZGPHz77rRY

Dr. Becker Discusses Diskospondylitis (DS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEy0QpTgNOk

Dr. Becker Discusses Ear Hematomas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeKnCqbG8X0

Dr. Becker Discusses Ectopic Ureters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhP3ceL0fa0

Dr. Becker Discusses Excessive Grooming in Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AF8sYeyf_4

Dr. Becker Discusses False Pregnancy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJsYWI_p8zY

Dr. Becker Discusses Feline Calicivirus (FCV)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SG2Wv99FoM4

Dr. Becker Discusses Feline Immunodeficiency Virus (FIV)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UW06wBpiaWI

Dr. Becker Discusses Feline Panleukopenia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLU0YKifjlk

Dr. Becker Discusses Feline Stomatitis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_Lx4fqGAPg

Dr. Becker Discusses Fermented Vegetables for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qozDfTOqpeQ

Dr. Becker Discusses Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9dR-SO73uo

Dr. Becker Discusses Geriatric Dementia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bln953zBi9g

Dr. Becker Discusses Glyphosate Exposure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjXZnZICSJw

Dr. Becker Discusses Head Pressing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iFv7QlPRaI

Dr. Becker Discusses Hemorrhagic Gastroenteritis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfShOFQ2q5U

Dr. Becker Discusses Human Medications That Are Toxic to Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SxLgFNaMP4

Dr. Becker Discusses Hydrocephalus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pj-of3lXjbo

Dr. Becker Discusses Hyperactivity in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQ8TFHWKfaY

Dr. Becker Discusses Hypoparathyroidism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XhAt7rfzHUI

Dr. Becker Discusses Immune-Mediated Thrombocytopenia (IMT)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a1A-kIriGw

Dr. Becker Discusses Important Diagnostic Tests for Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RN-GFCOe1UQ

Dr. Becker Discusses Laryngeal Paralysis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXkV2R_pu4Y

Dr. Becker Discusses Leech Therapy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EMCktNefRo

Dr. Becker Discusses Necrosis of the Femoral Head in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKqYdGXGYe4

Dr. Becker Discusses Neuroendocrine Tumors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ea_qB8O2O_Q

Dr. Becker Discusses New Joint Support for Older Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5SzEp3DRJc

Dr. Becker Discusses Nuclear Sclerosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjhYNcQzFVA

Dr. Becker Discusses Osteomyelitis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y68kiFPDHwE

Dr. Becker Discusses Patellar Luxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnIT2IUdGS0

Dr. Becker Discusses Pet Dehydration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZLAQ8ByLIs

Dr. Becker Discusses Pet Detoxification
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUHtlRT3AnY

Dr. Becker Discusses Pet Diarrhea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQSmltTAJig

Dr. Becker Discusses Pyloric Stenosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIcBsGP5m9A

Dr. Becker Discusses Pyometra or Uterine Disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCq-lFW8ljg

Dr. Becker Discusses Raw Food Diet (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qx2YIIpF4cc

Dr. Becker Discusses Raw Food Diet (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJPToVsJj-c

Dr. Becker Discusses Raw Food Diet (Part 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pn1F7AsmEkw

Dr. Becker Discusses Reverse Sneezing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-akZHoQZWM

Dr. Becker Discusses Saddle Thrombus in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lgP-m6nxAI

Dr. Becker Discusses Seasonal Support For Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5t9PiyEfB8

Dr. Becker Discusses Struvite Stones and Crystals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UblKZ3i15_M

Dr. Becker Discusses the Benefits of Bacteriophages in Pet Food (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhKdl4GLX-4

Dr. Becker Discusses the Benefits of Bacteriophages in Pet Food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-CRusRhuRY

Dr. Becker Discusses the Dangers of Scented Candles and Plug-ins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lM0GNEy0Q30

Dr. Becker Discusses the Different Types of Arthritis in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjHrcMEWCsA

Dr. Becker Discusses The Mistreatment of Galgos with Yeray Lopez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDzagqBFaLc

Dr. Becker Discusses the Rabies Virus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGu5Y927tNE

Dr. Becker Discusses Tick Bite Paralysis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57KwW6-AEc8

Dr. Becker Discusses Tick-Borne Diseases in Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pj25VzWwlb8

Dr. Becker Discusses Ubiquinol for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4539Jg8Bgg

Dr. Becker Discusses What to Look for in a Curcumin Supplement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEXTPC115TQ

Dr. Becker Discusses What to Look for in a Joint Support Supplement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfp8wq1Gzc4

Dr. Becker Discusses What to Look for in a Pet Bed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpss1hMcuZE

Dr. Becker Discusses Why Dogs Stink
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5Jsvld_IE4

Dr. Becker Discusses Your Pet's Immune System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJHEn32ml1o

Dr. Becker Explains Copper Storage Disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7Kd-o2a-m0

Dr. Becker Explains How to Use the Tick Stick Removal Tool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oKCYDNSYcg

Dr. Becker Explains Struvite Stones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4D5AHa4_mI

Dr. Becker Explains the Benefits of Herbal Pest Repellents for Your Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sloaP1LXiO0

Dr. Becker Explains What to Look for in a Pet Probiotics Supplement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QviNbpTOTI

Dr. Becker Explains What to Look for in a Sunscreen for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QJvakaBOow

Dr. Becker Four Housetraining Rules for Any Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgsy9OzOYcI

Dr. Becker Highlighting the Healer Series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ii_ZMzISjEQ

Dr. Becker How Do You Bathe Your Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1d4vjZnlybw

Dr. Becker How Is Chagas Disease Transmitted
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVS0GsYlZj8

Dr. Becker How Mitral Valve Disease Develops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZrvg8TCCT0

Dr. Becker How to Brush A Cat's Teeth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWAfeZYuhL0

Dr. Becker How to Make Green Chicken Crumpets (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irzjWqIZS0U

Dr. Becker How to Make Green Chicken Crumpets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opbhK1QtAyg

Dr. Becker How to Treat Allergies in Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6s3DVkDhBXw

Dr. Becker Interviews Alison Holloran
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqltKdlC6rs

Dr. Becker Interviews Amanda Jo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p92d31R4YaU

Dr. Becker Interviews Anna Bjorkman About Cancer-Sniffing Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VnegSVu86Y

Dr. Becker Interviews Anna Bjorkman About the DogRisk Program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NL4IBn5K6CM

Dr. Becker Interviews Anna Bjorkman About the Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6bqaXG2CAY

Dr. Becker Interviews Barbara Royal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uf7qi15UbGY

Dr. Becker Interviews Caroline Ingraham on Animal Self-Medication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaMetPhueHs

Dr. Becker Interviews Debi Famelos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQ6EqRbvzSI

Dr. Becker Interviews Denise Sanders
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44ZrBFzvGKg

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Artur Vasconcelos About Leishmaniasis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVa2aCNLk_c

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Bartges About Optimizing Feline Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ntes1OxvnAY

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Becca Klobuchar (1936054)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxtAi4afcM0

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Becca Klobuchar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd81O9_7WNI

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Billinghurst on His New Book 'Pointing the Bone at Cancer'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0lIfGZuPQ0

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Cameron About Vitamin K
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFHHYfYs4i4

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Conway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09WX-IWKhUQ

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Dodds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jD1WdXctmi4

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Donna Kelleher (1487076)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RsjboKVYkU

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Donna Kelleher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDOOVyjUsDg

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Erin Bannink and Dr. Richard Palmquist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hql3NGTa37k

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Froehlich, Dr. Nard, and Dr. Shoemaker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXDAG0csrp4

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Gary Richter, Dr. Joanna Milan and Dr. Alexia Tsakiris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olpkD4IzUWc

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Hanna Sinkko About Optimizing Gut Microbiota of Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJTAuSfPdmc

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Hofve About Addressing Microcirculation Issues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFepbrAQmSQ

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Hofve About Declawing Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLwOFWuglH8

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Hofve About Paleo Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z64Pdzfhvls

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jaime Gonzalez (1398680)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_HipiAYk6c

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jaime Gonzalez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLO7fGPXrkw

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jean Dodds (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcjDMv985l8

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jean Dodds (Part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVGyS8irago

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jean Dodds About Pet Thyroid Issues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZb5vM6PWL4

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jean Dodds and Dr. PJ Broadfoot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SefGLt0k6Qo

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jeff Feinman (1523340)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjQSWrbNuDM

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jeff Feinman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOrP-44U_4c

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Johanna Anturaniemi About DogRisk’s Research Efforts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAQblHefWes

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jordan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mX13lhIBnec

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Juriga about Pet's Dental Procedures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gwf62giUNbc

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Kim Henneman (1223184)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4uZJjJEK0w

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Kim Henneman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5RiRtaJkRc

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Knueven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQAAtBEo8fc

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Koski About Feline Behavior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hycJpQdsokk

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Lawman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uy1_hhPKfX4

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Liza Schneider and Dr. Cynthia Lankenau
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUhRJOuzk5E

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Marc Smith
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9x2Vjx_nxk

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Memon About Integrative Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyxKUIRZsbo

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Michael W. Fox (Part 1 of 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkLKfYCuRR4

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Michael W. Fox (Part 2 of 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a2J_9Vr1NE

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Michael W. Fox (Part 3 of 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nRTlyj-qRQ

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Michael W. Fox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHNxSz_nM3g

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Nick Thompson (1726011)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJ-SN6k_970

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Nick Thompson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvZmasWGJPI

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Pierson About Cat Health and Nutrition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4UkGcOz87s

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Pitcairn About Homeopathy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSKO_Q_zJu0

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Raditic about CANWI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ampBfYb0ts

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Roman about Ozone and Hyperbaric Treatments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WUkeNbA1hY

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Royal (1674360)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4AxxNam2SM

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Royal About Her New Book
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZRXM3ubIj8

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Royal, Dr. Kneuven, & Dr. Broadfoot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqmAZ5Maesk

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Royal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mW-vcbayYXU

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Scanlan of AHVMF
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVCgZBquvWQ

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Scanlan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XEROXPwbKg

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Schultz About Vaccines (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oroUkSsZ8-s

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Schultz About Vaccines (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tghhWzD0ym8

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Shoemaker About Flower Essences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiKL4Maio2U

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Silver about Medical Marijuana
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uW-Nwo1uxps

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Steve Marsden, Dr. Tanya Grantham and Dr. Neal Sivula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKavr7XuZLs

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Susan Wagner and Dr. Joyce Harman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ig0OoLrACUc

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Turesky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5uUJ1ssPmU

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Yarnall About CBD-Rich Hemp Oil for Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkwD5zJX2ws

Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Yin About Behavior Therapy for Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IijNidOAuc

Dr. Becker Interviews Elizabeth Miller Holistic Dog Boarding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3CPIvzAUiI

Dr. Becker Interviews Experts on Their Top Tips for National Dog Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6R0enE14nJI

Dr. Becker Interviews Gus Ray About Affordable Diabetes Testing for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hthDG_l02eM

Dr. Becker Interviews Jocelyn Pratt of BRVBB
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEsten0xXmQ

Dr. Becker Interviews Jonathan Rudinger About Pet Massage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8hUA2OsNj4

Dr. Becker Interviews Kai Williams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeT7w2uVw50

Dr. Becker Interviews Lara Joseph on Raising Deaf Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWmyXlvmeow

Dr. Becker Interviews Melissa Gardner on Raisin Toxicity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6Qjd8hgAtI

Dr. Becker Interviews Monica Frenden of Austin Pets Alive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLmrCNFXq4M

Dr. Becker Interviews Rebecca McConnico on Integrative Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TK38ndjNkKs

Dr. Becker Interviews Robin Moore About Metabolomics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ESZoGPsXhDQ

Dr. Becker Interviews Ronnie Cummins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ro6u3hBE99U

Dr. Becker Interviews Roxanne Stone About Fermented Foods for Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7PXULsBq5I

Dr. Becker Interviews Shelly Roche (1744358)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPyICZF37BQ

Dr. Becker Interviews Shelly Roche
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yWPd7-mspg

Dr. Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote (Part 1 of 4)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99PYGMoVm_c

Dr. Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote (Part 2 of 4)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBDIGb0mRtM

Dr. Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote (Part 3 of 4)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZRD563bMWs

Dr. Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote (Part 4 of 4)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiIdFTZmW20

Dr. Becker Interviews the Founder of DC Shiba Inu Rescue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lugJssLK1So

Dr. Becker Interviews Tracy Dion About Transitioning Cats to a Raw Food Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5UoSTAj-5c

Dr. Becker Introduces the New Cat Scratcher Lounger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8QhtyeE7Ng

Dr. Becker Introduces the New Cat Shampoo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exd-v8M2U0U

Dr. Becker Invites You to Join Her Winding Down  Webinar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-notB4K-O88

Dr. Becker Invites You to Support DogRisk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HL3S1FVJZRs

Dr. Becker It's Never Too Late to Improve Your Pet's Health!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xbt7sL31PYc

Dr. Becker It's Snowball the Dancing Cockatoo!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHAWrGOeUik

Dr. Becker Know Your Pet's Nose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtgnaW-C8XY

Dr. Becker MasterChops Interviews
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_bA9HGJAkU

Dr. Becker on Aspiration Pneumonia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xT0JLuapNrs

Dr. Becker on Bacterial and Fungal Pneumonia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIv6RFGJRdo

Dr. Becker on Brown Recluse & Black Widow Spider Bites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nagaf2ZjV7w

Dr. Becker on Corneal Ulcers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4uX2gmA2JA

Dr. Becker on Cryptococcal Infection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTKKJNu4knU

Dr. Becker on Cushing's Disease (Part 1 of 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vByprTTj1c

Dr. Becker on Cushing's Disease (Part 2 of 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9uysqi5eao

Dr. Becker on Cushing's Disease (Part 3 of 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsrJY5VKVBo

Dr. Becker on Feeding Pets a Vegan or Vegetarian Diet (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I33eSG731g4

Dr. Becker on Feeding Pets a Vegan or Vegetarian Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlN7LDMTjn0

Dr. Becker on Feline Hyperesthesia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QZ7wxtlZG4

Dr. Becker on Giving Your Dog a Bath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ronOj53K_GQ

Dr. Becker on Intervertebral Disc Disease (IVDD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKdzVL9XDSo

Dr. Becker on Pet Asthma Symptoms, Causes, and Triggers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQuZV8EZVM8

Dr. Becker on Symptoms and Causes of Cholangiohepatitis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-zJU9OY48s

Dr. Becker on Toxoplasmosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=us_13Rhpfu8

Dr. Becker on Trimming Your Dog's Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7mlFsHho3c

Dr. Becker on Von Willebrand Disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUIhQoeEqcg

Dr. Becker Shares Her Updated List of Best and Worst Pet Foods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0lFwdNm_Go

Dr. Becker Should You Detox Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbf2tJkgeAI

Dr. Becker Should You Shave Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_UyiRUi5QA

Dr. Becker Speaks about AHVMF Fund-Raising
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPRMA3phqP0

Dr. Becker Speaks About GME in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mc2MrhIhsNA

Dr. Becker Speaks with Dr. Raditic About Integrative Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7nP4dYYJcc

Dr. Becker Talks About Anemia in Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHnt5UQrnEw

Dr. Becker Talks About Cat Vomiting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxI3ZiHej_c

Dr. Becker Talks About Chronic Bronchitis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8WSo2W3PPo

Dr. Becker Talks About Cryptosporidiosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gvd4r_XI7E

Dr. Becker Talks About Demodectic Mange in Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2b-8X0H8_c

Dr. Becker Talks About Encephalitis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2SQ_e9Z7Us

Dr. Becker Talks About Feline Bartonellosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMQl9kkPi00

Dr. Becker Talks About Feline Infectious Peritonitis (FIP)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R680aStiZB0

Dr. Becker Talks About Feline Leukemia Virus (FeLV)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2d_QcA_1bo

Dr. Becker Talks About Grounding for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDxJvaCUrjI

Dr. Becker Talks About Lungworm Infection in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oW8sTyklWJo

Dr. Becker Talks About Lymphangiectasia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzF0Zl51nyk

Dr. Becker Talks About Osteosarcoma in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5A2vRNz2Q4c

Dr. Becker Talks About Pet Food with Dr. Bartges
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeuPWi1RIlM

Dr. Becker Talks About Pet's Ear Inflammation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyKag8-EeGY

Dr. Becker Talks About Pyothorax
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCR3FiHKrls

Dr. Becker Talks About Raising Healthy Chickens with Grover Stock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZhNGH6a838

Dr. Becker Talks About Sprouts for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMELXA7l0rI

Dr. Becker Talks About Tail Injuries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGIbitBmDqE

Dr. Becker Talks About Ubiquinol (Social)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gH1L7rU5pCQ

Dr. Becker Talks About Your Dog's Tongue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uP0U3fiuYDg

Dr. Becker The Real Story of Ava
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYACmwE60ws

Dr. Becker The Truth About Spaying and Neutering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enPCZA1WFKY

Dr. Becker Vomiting vs Regurgitating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEMkhjTW7dc

Dr. Becker What Are the Causes of Gastric Ulcers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5orXRdP8wfg

Dr. Becker What Is Botulism and How to Treat It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsOTyj4IBOA

Dr. Becker What Is Chocolate Toxicosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCVOzoBsfMA

Dr. Becker What Is Chronic Active Hepatitis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ya3jkin7sy4

Dr. Becker What Is Chronic Ulcerative Periodontal Stomatitis (CUPS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqbreMlMHGA

Dr. Becker What Is Entropion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWcRZyuhwag

Dr. Becker What is Fibrocartilaginous Embolism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2i_u6o91aQ

Dr. Becker What Is Infectious Canine Hepatitis (ICH)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EUho9AHPQg

Dr. Becker What is Perianal Fistula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XULStUb-uMs

Dr. Becker What to do if You Find a Baby Animal in the Wild
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOcciHsAorI

Dr. Becker When to Remove Lumps and Bumps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vL5-DsOQtBg

Dr. Becker Why Use Coconut Oil for Skin Treatment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCC3opz7LWo

Dr. Becker's 5 Tips for Selecting Pet Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-28l29cGj0E

Dr. Becker's Cube Steak Biscotti A Treat for Your Pets (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gLdrfNhOw4

Dr. Becker's Cube Steak Biscotti A Treat for Your Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vth9XaD9FR0

Dr. Becker's Facebook Live Presentation on Fleas, Ticks and Allergies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMWxVG3jAno

Dr. Becker's First Facebook Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4CzQtc2i1g

Dr. Becker's Highlighting the Healer Series AHVMA Conference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCmxPiMUgk4

Dr. Becker's Highlighting the Healers AHVMA Conference (1522480)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kunZpPH4Pg

Dr. Becker's Highlighting the Healers AHVMA Conference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3WD3aFSs7o

Dr. Becker's Holistic Tips for Pet Allergies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OP2gGwhFe0c

Dr. Becker's Journey to Becoming a Holistic Vet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wl6IH1bDGaA

Dr. Becker's Pet Treat Bone Broth Popsicles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMojliYyADs

Dr. Becker's Three Pillars of Health for Pets Webinar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-DWdRqO9jU

Dr. Becker's Winding Down Webinar (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOe543SYxuQ

Dr. Becker's Winding Down Webinar (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckavP83vC_0

Dr. Becker, Dr. Raditic, and Dr. Conway on Integrative Veterinary Medicine (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AxCdysiXv0

Dr. Becker, Dr. Raditic, and Dr. Conway on Integrative Veterinary Medicine (Part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-EpB4idGsU

Dr. John Robb Update on Protect the Pets Movement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvuKYx3G0EA

Dr. Karen Becker and Barbara Royal Discuss AHVMA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF-yrPPnfxo

Dr. Karen Becker and Clint Ober Discuss Grounding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xjDJ3IcQ5o

Dr. Karen Becker and Dr. Mercola on Pet Health (part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-qLGKeXoKg

Dr. Karen Becker and Dr. Ronald Schultz on Pet Vaccines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1Xd5ghnlJ4

Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Arsenic Poisoning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9zjXP57FSM

Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Brachial Plexus Avulsion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOFaYJrdeHc

Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Curcumin for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvV3APU3f58

Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Cushing's Disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdx9zI40YSs

Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Dietary Fiber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mlVg5q7iDU

Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Incontinence in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fr32B8w2HyU

Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Megacolon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nltH9RIcMhQ

Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Reverse Sneezing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puFXxq2Z7Bs

Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Turmeric
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkCz2MR-k_Q

Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Yeast in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVPSQdBfsaM

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Alice Villalobos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qklFTn_CQqo

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Allen Schoen (Part 12)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6yKbgdjTPk

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Allen Schoen (Part 22)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_O8WSysOdA

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Allen Schoen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JO8RsejiuOY

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Betsy Hershey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4UMuJ_vS2k

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Hubert Karreman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ydv8OfrRj4

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Jean Dodds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUUcKphbfa4

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Mercola (part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxQK6Z7odgA

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Michelle Kutzler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJL42MtHwmE

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Schultz (Part 1 of 4)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xC--bGthNN8

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Schultz (Part 2 of 4)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_Zvg8tIxeY

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Schultz (Part 3 of 4)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fc-6exZcbJ4

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Schultz (Part 4 of 4)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdPhj8Vq9ck

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Jackson Galaxy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifiEPhU1kPU

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Jerry Brunetti
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxjgsPv4eQU

Dr. Karen Becker interviews Melissa Shelton, DVM.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jj827fDbpB8

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Rachel McPherson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WoOM6jMT9j0

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rU7fTMyVjvc

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1evZ25u26Mo

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote - Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y50slFySq_k

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6ZBvLU8oSw

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews the Authors of Dogs In Vests
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOgt6v9qdXU

Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Wayne Cavanaugh
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQApjw8bP1w

Dr. Karen Becker On AHVMF's Be One in a Million Campaign
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPkl-TWQ8kY

Dr. Marc Smith on Adapting to Provide Better Veterinary Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyKhfS3aoPM

Dr. Mercola Discusses Cancer in Pets with Dr. Becker and Rodney Habib
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AK1UXQoEHE

Dr. Mercola Interviews Dr. Karen Becker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7zpRW2f-xk

Dr. Richard Patton’s Views on Animal Nutrition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFN3i4Ne-cg

Dr. Steve Marsden Shares His Story on How He Became an Integrative Veterinarian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URyAN8V5vZA

Dr. Sylvia Angelico and the Importance of a Fresh Food Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86gAKclT8Ew

Dr. Tanya Grantham on the Importance of Alternative Veterinary Treatments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5139-26H_o

Dysbiosis and Leaky Gut
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8MGJu2kDwI

Ear Hematomas (Aural Hematomas)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fq83KcaGgNA

Easy DIY Toys for Your Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hwgdp9cOgjQ

Educating Pet Parents on the Importance of Nutrition (1391230)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JAXj2Umeko

Educating Pet Parents on the Importance of Nutrition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jjCXx8cjMU

Educating the Public About Puppy Mills With Rudi Taylor (1188886)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNxdvHzX1yM

Educating the Public About Puppy Mills With Rudi Taylor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFrria_j_wA

Elbow Dysplasia in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjITYgIbej0

Emphasizing the Importance of Nutrition With Monica Gonzalez Tovar (1422452)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLjdqLfdYU8

Emphasizing the Importance of Nutrition With Monica Gonzalez Tovar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZ_3EWf_SgU

Essential Fatty Acids for Your Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTB_ZvDS1BY

Essential Oils for Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvJ3iWrhiL4

Everything you Need to Know About Canine Warts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_7XWzbFOsU

Examining Your Pet at Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kz3gfArotM0

Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency (EPI) in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWH3XfvMMCc

Expanding Into Holistic Practice With Dr. Anna Maria Wolf (1135071)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvUFQEQLoFc

Expanding Into Holistic Practice With Dr. Anna Maria Wolf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFX8W30oUWc

Expanding Your Natural Healing Methods With Dr. Laurel Davis (1470844)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTIqBFD9M3c

Expanding Your Natural Healing Methods With Dr. Laurel Davis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuvnHkaL1K4

Eye Infections in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OXaaF_ulyY

Eye Infections QUICK TIPS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EFKc-VGJEg

Feline Cardiomyopathy in Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr-jEsY_bUE

Feline Chronic Kidney Disease in Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3qeRtfeckU

Feline Constipation Symptoms & Treatment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thN_D5Kg_T8

Feline Hepatic Lipidosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pqi8ibxYrYY

Feline Hyperthyroidism
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3RaoQIuYas

Feline Stomatitis - Inflammation In The Mouth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0mHCbFekyc

Filling in the Gaps in Veterinary Modality With Dr. Christin Finn (1705618)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xG5CL4ViGyc

Filling in the Gaps in Veterinary Modality With Dr. Christin Finn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KNBL7m9vdg

Finding Your Passion for Rescuing With Marilyn Suss (1866522)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qe1Q5Tz5IWU

Finding Your Passion for Rescuing With Marilyn Suss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANE21aERkj8

Fish as a Protein Source in Pet Foods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1HqviFeWWo

Focusing on a Rescue Niche With Jeanmarie Schiller-McGinnis (1265260)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpQfxLdXMX4

Focusing on a Rescue Niche With Jeanmarie Schiller-McGinnis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dm2f4VcMnXA

Focusing on Rescuing the Shar Pei With Sue Allan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxNlrbD-xJw

Focusing on Rescuing the Shar-Pei With Sue Allan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQJT13xfh28

Following Your Calling WIth Dr. Michelle Simoes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DubPL7SP9E

Following Your Curiosity With Dr. Will Falconer (1443076)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KV3I4lvsJc

Following Your Curiosity With Dr. Will Falconer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_zvwK1ccpM

Following Your Passion for Animals With Eva Servais (1728379)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-2iW_rI6xA

Following Your Passion for Animals With Eva Servais
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJT8RoyIiWE

Following Your Passion for Animals With Jennifer Harmel (1532912)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4phz7k_qx4

Following Your Passion for Animals With Jennifer Harmel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHSHeFs3ht8

Following Your Passion for Animals With Sarah Lauch Teaser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GW70XpZaKAM

Following Your Passion for Animals With Sarah Lauch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gn8FA2hAJ34

Food Allergies and Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUxeKEqJkjg

Four Factors for a Healthy Frame
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBcCa-kM9xE

Frozen Banana Basil Towers for Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDtaS4M-Q9E

Frozen Coconut Oil and Berry Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89rd7iMmEZ0

Frozen Watermelon Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8s6F27QSvI

FSMA Affects the Raw Pet Food Industry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1J12b9_H5w

Getting Your Cat to Eat Healthier Food (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPpNQs17k70

Getting Your Cat to Eat Healthier Food (Part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdTzkQLcQXg

Give Your Pet These Tasty Sardine Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YUkxZF2o98

Giving a Dog a Bath QUICK TIPS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnk6ONV_G1Y

Giving a Second Chance for Pit Bulls With Jason Flatt (1086810)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNfIcWQcVd4

Giving a Second Chance for Pit Bulls With Jason Flatt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYibwFEQ2iw

Giving Greyhounds a Second Chance With Sonia Stratemann (1542585)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAbI7-db4Kk

Giving Greyhounds a Second Chance With Sonia Stratemann
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gn3ItOAYPQ

Giving Senior Animals a Chance With Michele Allen (1686045)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqTROl6EeWQ

Giving Senior Animals a Chance With Michele Allen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_u-Wg8LA98

Giving Your Dog a Foot Bath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zb3bi-FQL2o

Glaucoma in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG_w898ob8g

Going Deeper Than Surface Healing With Shanti Zinzi (1470367)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAneXNEwZLA

Going Deeper Than Surface Healing With Shanti Zinzi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1NVs-RVB8E

Growing Your Animal Rescue Program With Nana Doodle (1376258)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxD5EOZ2kgM

Growing Your Animal Rescue Program With Nana Doodle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpccLMAZa9o

Growing Your Own Practice With Dr. Danielle Rowe (1453089)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mk3jXS59hEE

Growing Your Own Practice With Dr. Danielle Rowe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eB8gTPpVxTk

Gut Health QUICK TIPS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B25otgQHYBk

Halloween Costumes Your Pet Won't Hate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq6puUFPUxE

Halloween Treat for Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFS3ddbmRAQ

Healing Humans and Animals With Tammy Brzezniak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ut5oc3zy6RY

Healthy Cortisol Levels and Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAtSzkMFHA0

Healthy Exercise Tips for Your Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfW7COQUej8

Heart Disease Dilated Cardiomyopathy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nurwfWLQwVI

Heartworm Infection in Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mn7rer5tqEY

Heat Kills Why You Should Never Leave Your Pet Inside a Car
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=digur3NLfYs

Helping Animals Through the Little Things With Dr. Julie Buzby (1538341)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdtdENopr3Y

Helping Animals Through the Little Things With Dr. Julie Buzby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRYKrSg5N5w

Helping Disabled Animals With Erin Kowalski (1728012)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vwil1aEdv7g

Helping Disabled Animals With Erin Kowalski
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLxnrioL-TA

Helping Feed the Pets Through Food Banks With Eileen Lambert (1933386)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kXQHF2-ESM

Helping Feed the Pets Through Food Banks With Eileen Lambert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2dHVtyIe3w

Helping the Local Cat Population With Mari Carmen Cobo (1458098)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cwtlpNN-F0

Helping the Local Cat Population With Mari Carmen Cobo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPuzYk4QKX0

High Heat Processing Creates High Levels of AGEs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR7_Yjm3msM

High Pressure Pasteurization (HPP) Foods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqgdC5nLqrc

Highlighting the Healer Dr. Becker Interviews Holistic Veterinarians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtdHuo2klsE

Holiday Meat Loaf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hs3VcwmRr_A

Holistic Veterinary Care Discussion With Dr. Mercola, Dr. Becker and Dr. Barbara Royal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58mOkS0347I

Household Plants that are Toxic to Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXIW5PIs3kQ

How Fecal Transplant Saves Puppy's Life From Parvovirus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roG1YnkKgM4

How to Break up a Dog Fight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFxUoD07QLY

How to Care for Your Cat, From Kittenhood to Old Age
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fkjsn4pyWtM

How to Choose a Winter Coat For Your Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fb0GAmNgI7w

How to Cure Itchy and Irritated Paws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9On7N-zQ48

How to Detox Your Pets from Summer Chemicals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JflAr8mrkqc

How to Give Your Cat a Pill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQlZg7S7Oh8

How to Handle the Problem of Doggy Diarrhea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7M2UKDGuKg

How to Make Doggie Deviled Eggs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EoZvXlqrY8

How to Make Sardine Crisps for Your Kitties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcc9MIF3A4U

How to Measure Your Dog for a Cold Weather Jacket
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJFsQpYUPAM

How to Pick Up a Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkX0MdrxM6g

How to Treat Dog Hot Spots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVQWqH1IvME

How to Use Baking Soda for Your Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTDL_ErlF7Y

Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) in Pets (1245694)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v55lQ_HUrS8

Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9ap104BZzo

Introducing Dr. Becker's Pet Astaxanthin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7gGx7zOe64

Is Your Bird Deficient in this Vital Nutrient
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laEmPyBJuzU

It's Never Too Late to Improve Your Pet's Health (part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xqs7VGz7zws

It's Never Too Late to Improve Your Pet's Health (part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ib7nZfMWmiY

It's Never Too Late to Improve Your Pet's Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4NlYK6e7HE

Itchy Paws QUICK TIPS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deygcDnwc7g

Jocelyn Pratt on How Dogs Can Save Other Fellow Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBtUgc3VO0U

Joint Formula for Dogs with Glucosamine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stQvtQtEZM8

Keeping an Open Mind With Dr. Allison Bartel (1822319)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaoFmSdZZss

Keeping an Open Mind With Dr. Allison Bartel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8n3yqlvddz0

Kennel Cough in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUG_awNY9V0

Kennel Cough Symptoms and Treatment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rA-l0y6if1g

Kitty Nutrition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1Jfk4wMp_g

Layered Doggie Ice Cream Bites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvoOvAQSIMc

Live Webinar With Dr. Karen Becker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ua75XUbdl3Q

Loathsome Species The Virginia Opossum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--NhXqNYfXw

Low Carb Grain Free Diet for Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVIqDg8c47g

Lyme Disease in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgiTnBlmp28

Maintaining Eyesight Is Key to Your Pet's Enjoyment to Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBIzGMyXeq0

Making Your Own Decisions in Your Private Practice With Dr. John Robb (1256270)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlO-ZKQIhjc

Making Your Own Decisions in Your Private Practice With Dr. John Robb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmCzMBmcD6Q

Mange in Dogs - Symptoms and Treatment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z025oeqQSI

Mast Cell Tumors in Dogs and Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZTatZ_1dAM

Megaesophagus in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3riLt6CscP0

Mercola Healthy Pets 21st Anniversary Dogs of the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DU4j51EoeB4

Mercola Pet Quote of the Day Adopt Shelter Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2JKR_Kwjc8

Mercola Pet Quote of the Day Beautiful Creation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMwMAL1gPb4

Mercola Pet Quote of the Day Don't Drink and Drive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCE0afEPI_8

Mercola Pet Quote of the Day Rainbow Bridge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IP_VtMZ-UO8

Mercola Pet Quote of the Day The Only Touch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RagGiQKJ2-M

Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (MRSA)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTyJuLGgKRc

Microchips in Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLlKj70X2-k

My Top 4 Pet Diet Recommendations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypFXskcxy10

Natural Coat Freshener for Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBt8Sq4SuwU

Niki Tudge Explains Force-Free Dog Training
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfhNW260oiQ

Novel Protein Diets for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0-9JxN-gZ4

Nutritional Wisdom in Animals With Dr. Fred Provenza
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsWVZEXMzDA

Nutritious Chewy Cubes Recipe for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTFciNaA7ZE

Offering Multifaceted Animal Care and Rescue With Olivia Schneider (1979874)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZjNrEQMhm4

Offering Multifaceted Animal Care and Rescue With Olivia Schneider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hm7Cqkv_hho

Opening Your Mind to Other Healing Modalities With Dr. Zoran Jankovic (1321666)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75V_hEeJbVk

Opening Your Mind to Other Healing Modalities With Dr. Zoran Jankovic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Az4yvRsGR24

Overcoming Children's Fear of Dogs With Stefani Cohen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dij_HjE7x2U

Overcoming Setbacks and Finding Purpose With Bobby Humphreys (1426285)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDaL_dZQzL8

Overcoming Setbacks and Finding Purpose With Bobby Humphreys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9memknNYu0

Ozone Therapy in Animals With Jonathan Lowe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsdNHLFCASw

Parsley Liver Cubes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJyJGCngjVA

Pet Adoption Tips by Dr. Becker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cDXlaD-_oI

Pet Diabetes Symptoms (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mdeg_M1mn4

Pet Diabetes Symptoms (Part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWOP5Jj8wB8

Pet Environmental Allergies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imV6B4PfWHg

Pet Heart Health - Canine & Feline Heart Disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61JQRckyAfs

Pet Pancreatitis and How to Avoid it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AqA8n0fAtk

Pet Parents at Mercola.com
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBVhBNjHW-c

Pet Parents Can Help Initiate a Paradigm Shift in Veterinary Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cb5-0cVDcXI

Pet Toxicosis (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUWA-2CQH4c

Pet Toxicosis (Part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIXlZsMa0xg

Pet's Probiotics and Intestinal Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4DtvCChVrg

Pet's Urine PH and Bladder Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAy_KKRzJjo

Please Donate to the AHVMA!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xB4dTO2JduI

Pork Pull Aparts Grain-Free Soft Pet Treats for Dogs and Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9Yy7qupyKs

Potential Causes for Your Cat’s Chronic Vomiting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5JX8q4yWlc

Potentially Toxic FleaTick Products for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAeMjYCuxuE

Protecting Your Dog From Tick-Borne Diseases
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1E8wlNM35g

Providing Equipment for Animals With Debra Jo Chiapuzio (1028220)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3TEYDoNYv2o

Providing Equipment for Animals With Debra Jo Chiapuzio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEYyUQHYYdQ

Providing Veterinary Services to the Community With Romaine Kobilsek (1235247)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMyCzMq7cc0

Providing Veterinary Services to the Community With Romaine Kobilsek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5UDx0_Puu0

Psychogenic Alopecia in Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBLGU1Vfg4Q

Pumpkin Almond Cookies for Your Pet!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpaHiE0V7QI

Quick Tips in Managing Pet Allergies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4A6MrDhHUOw

Raising Animal Awareness in Lebanon With Dr. Myra Tabet (1195897)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyuhRlbunn0

Raising Animal Awareness in Lebanon With Dr. Myra Tabet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-a5LWPAoJJ4

Raising Awareness of Raw Feeding for Cats With Laura Di Ciano (1190101)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OztqaSJ48AA

Raising Awareness of Raw Feeding for Cats With Laura Di Ciano
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQMQqfwJasw

Real Stories Angel's Journey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDkY7tDiVwA

Real Stories Bubba Barks!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7P87YpPlJ-w

Reasons Cats Throw Up and Ways to Treat a Vomiting Cat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dwm22nqfwCw

Recall Training with a Deaf Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXZdeDqYaw0

Reducing the Burden of Pet Parents With Nancy Martin (1020587)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lC7Kh0nQBs

Reducing the Burden of Pet Parents With Nancy Martin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ray4jXyv3fg

Removing Urine Stains and Smells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTE4-oYccBA

Rescuing Animals as a Lifelong Passion With Kristy Morrell (1157535)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuwZ9JumFQw

Rescuing Animals as a Lifelong Passion With Kristy Morrell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsxeGA3m0L0

Rescuing Animals in South America With Giselle Huertas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0Mk55Aj4uI

Rescuing Dogs With Shanne Roberts (1724801)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_eAe5OHFD8

Rescuing Dogs With Shanne Roberts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5L5zT3nu10

Rescuing Fawn With Diane Nicholas (1748113)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3uVXKdiCsQ

Rescuing Fawn With Diane Nicholas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t49SFb6Fjtw

Rescuing Golden Retrievers With Jessie Pickard (1233691)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fu6VsCL9bZ8

Rescuing Golden Retrievers With Jessie Pickard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpXVxjuTt_w

Rescuing Horses While Saving Humans With Pat Beauvais (1995887)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sP4eDQofbA

Rescuing Horses While Saving Humans With Pat Beauvais
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tB5D04Eqww

Rescuing Pugs With Kristine Lovelady (1667108)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HoRi3gWGhHw

Rescuing Pugs With Kristine Lovelady
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRbGtdIfIyE

Rescuing Rat Terriers With Wendy Bradley (1509707)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUp-UQEDy9E

Rescuing Rat Terriers With Wendy Bradley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukO9B-39MwY

Rescuing Shelter Dogs in Canada With Jodi Lane Teaser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lI1zQJsOBUA

Rescuing Shelter Dogs in Canada With Jodi Lane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Wcf-0kNycg

Running Your Own Rescue Organization With Kimberly Saxelby (1922155)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_g7bonUW4uo

Running Your Own Rescue Organization With Kimberly Saxelby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qg4McKRHnRk

Safe Household Cleaners for Homes with Allergic Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yeV5xZ43u-M

Safe Snacks for Cats and Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zF53ejGRU-0

Searching for Non-Invasive Therapies With Debi Famelos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4_zYZKep8A

Sebaceous Adenitis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtSqN4Ue-4Q

Setting Up a Farm Animal Sanctuary With Dr. Faith Albright (1129310)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_x75r54lRc

Setting Up a Farm Animal Sanctuary With Dr. Faith Albright
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTSups0Z_z0

Sherri Franklin & The Muttville Senior Dog Rescue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S050QypeEhg

Skin Infections and Your Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ng3XqDSIvq8

Slow Growth Diet in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9gbxLiKaJU

Slow Growth Diets for Growing Puppies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GJlds7_f9k

Snowball the Dancing Cockatoo! (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JNAxGpwJko

Snowball the Dancing Cockatoo! (Part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NousvSZrWZQ

Special Needs of Brachycephalic Breeds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-gGmp-Xpm4

Spreading Awareness in Avian Nutrition With Leslie Moran (1870481)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rm5dm4-DEFs

Spreading Awareness in Avian Nutrition With Leslie Moran
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ls9QYFRKZjM

Starting a Rescue With Donna Ezzell (1568751)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gnftt4zhJQk

Starting a Rescue With Donna Ezzell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMIhyBIVFWs

Steroid Therapy for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkdigkEFlHk

Street Veterinary Care With Dr. Jon Geller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xu0dwf-g23Y

Stumbling Upon Integrative Treatment Methods With Dr. Neal Sivula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMW1xN0gLgU

Sudden GI Upset QUICK TIPS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzLYfmExUoU

Sustaining a Lifelong Passion for Rescuing With Lorrie McClain (1964766)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpLpm7xaIqk

Sustaining a Lifelong Passion for Rescuing With Lorrie McClain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWRoPonN9W0

Symptoms & Treatment of Feline Asthma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhseR7rZW3c

Table Food and Your Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLEGoKWU1-Q

Taking a Leap of Faith With Dr. Russell Swift (1818659)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XC9UG6FB648

Taking a Leap of Faith With Dr. Russell Swift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSwr-x7WHlQ

Taking Rescuing to New Heights With Jenifer Alcorn Teaser
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhMpbn3X8tw

Taking Rescuing to New Heights With Jenifer Alcorn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwgKN_LsvKA

The Best and Worst Foods for Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5ZeNLUEHKY

The Best Ways Help Your Overweight Cat Shed the Excess Pounds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrJ_VcZIWcM

The Danger of Catabolic Steroids in Veterinary Practice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSalwTIIxJ0

The Dog Doc An Insight Into Integrative Veterinary Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLqe57ZWVM0

The Giardia Parasite by Dr. Karen Becker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knoE5xtgfas

The Goal of Mercola Healthy Pets Explained by Dr. Karen Becker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVvETjJbtCw

The Importance of Diverse Healing Modalities With Dr. Barrie Sands (1539229)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIt7bZh1vFQ

The Importance of Diverse Healing Modalities With Dr. Barrie Sands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okTO9ISQVpc

The Importance of Gut Microbiome Health in Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ne87Hsy8Spw

The Importance of Ultra Violet Light in Birds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xq-xfZDOgz4

The Importance of Water Quality in Your Pet's Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSSgNOAeyAA

The Joy of Opening Your Own Practice With Dr. Lisa Confessore (1237180)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_h1vE-Pobs

The Joy of Opening Your Own Practice With Dr. Lisa Confessore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g74nZZr2XmI

The Mighty Hearts Project Helps Dogs With Mitral Valve Disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yi7XFPLrgKg

The Overuse of Antibiotics in Veterinary Applications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al0PyyO629o

The Quality of Pet Food Ingredients (Part 1 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTWHxvjI_as

The Quality of Pet Food Ingredients (Part 2 of 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdDPi-1Yjy0

The Scoop on Cat Litter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INhsy7G2eQY

The Skinny on Low Fat Diets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47Q4zkRL9uI

The Struggles of Holistic Veterinary Medicine With Dr. Laurie Coger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1s1LhoDyj8

The Supplement Most Needed by Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw3hGIn3gEo

The Three Pillars of Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDiVzEQbgQA

The Truth About Pet Vaccines
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3P7FnSTcC8

The Wonders of Coconut Oil With Carmina O'Connor and Charisa Antigua
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAYQLobDH9w

Things to Do With Your Dog This Summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3hY95q-P0Y

Tia's Four-Week Physiotherapy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TeEQcps2pY

Top 10 Dos and Don'ts During Pet Playtime
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Evm87eeLATY

Top 7 Reasons Why Cats and Dogs Eat Their Poop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnGfrDt-GT0

Toxins and Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kp2Gi78TIHE

Tracheal Collapse (Updated )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3N7G2Ti53k

Tracheal Collapse in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjo_nzD-0YQ

Tracheal Collapse QUICK TIPS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBINerUAgKE

Training a Deaf Dog to Walk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHgBGltS868

Training Three Dogs to Sit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmQ90uuO_Xg

Transcending Borders With Dr. Andrés Tello (1111468)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwxAXSKpP_g

Transcending Borders With Dr. Andrés Tello
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nln27pxavDc

Transitioning Cats to A Healthier Diet With Dr. Becker, Jae Kennedy and Adrienne Lefebvre
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_pxWcIbhHU

Transitioning From Human to Animal Treatment With Dr. Marc Sommer (1248852)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGO0GMw8uJg

Transitioning From Human to Animal Treatment With Dr. Marc Sommer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFsC8flpfu8

Transitioning From Traditional to Functional Medicine With Dr. Robert Gaston (1219177)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyFiPnrpXLs

Transitioning From Traditional to Functional Medicine With Dr. Robert Gaston
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3VxDS1_eVs

Transitioning Into Mobile Practice With Dr. Brian Gray (1680585)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lhw1OQJFNc

Transitioning Into Mobile Practice With Dr. Brian Gray
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxzi2oz_yMQ

Transitioning to a Holistic Practice With Dr. Neely North (1399207)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqdQRw1JIac

Transitioning to a Holistic Practice With Dr. Neely North
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sCGGHrANoM

Traveling with Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvNOVgOaT0I

Treating Pets at Home With Dr. Loretta Rodriguez (1343407)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSA8eRN6aZA

Treating Pets at Home With Dr. Loretta Rodriguez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8_liqW8P3s

Treating the Entire Family With Dr. Shannon Ruff (1826298)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v43qgYL-PWY

Treating the Entire Family With Dr. Shannon Ruff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqYVE3ACanI

Trimming Your Cat's Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAkrqbILQhE

Turkeyballs Pet Recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FaG_kuz77s

Ubiquinol and CoQ10 for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gt31gX7frY

Updates on the Rabies Challenge Fund
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9KjwFHentU

Uplifting Dogs in Houston With Tena Lundquist Faust and Tama Lundquist (1517614)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vubc7S5Nayc

Uplifting Dogs in Houston With Tena Lundquist Faust and Tama Lundquist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhON3e4A2Ws

Using Art to Help Rescue Dogs With Mark Barone (1863180)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4p9pZdIfSpI

Using Art to Help Rescue Dogs With Mark Barone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPP_qjqRjjE

Using Coconut Oil for Your Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVvCghgPd9g

Using Energy as a Veterinary Healing Modality (1574904)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WemRjkSRiUc

Using Energy as a Veterinary Healing Modality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zC1XjS7ZQr4

Using Nature to Heal You and Your Pet (1485917)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYXtvjvHWzI

Using Nature to Heal You and Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G05IG5rjSyk

Vaccinosis and Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvG4QqEcAl4

Valentine's Day Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfF4Wsg1pTU

Vestibular Disease in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUWRXUinWBY

Vestibular Disease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRmzakTM0Cg

Vet Student Nutrition Education And How We Can Improve It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7f6Z72o2viw

Vet Tech Nutrition Education
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9m_PLyXZruM

Veterinary Technicians and their Nutrition Education
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxQJr87UXP0

Warts or Papillomas - Symptoms and Treatments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eYKWrmSqPA

Ways to Protect Your Dog During Summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWYbYqDEaR4

Welcome to Mercola Healthy Pets!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quN_ic4BMMA

Welcome to Mercola Healthy Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGwPcqF9yAY

What Every Pet Parent Should Know About GMOs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AelhLHAlEQ

What Is 'Normal Poop' for Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBOtyG3_YNs

What to do if You Find a Baby Bird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYcUdkRizbI

What to Do if Your Pet Got Stung by an Insect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99GS_QSTx-s

What to Expect with Your Pet's Nose
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWLXhcJRXnI

What to Look for in a Krill Oil Supplement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYQOq24dTo4

What to Look for When Shopping for Shampoo for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEutMVP6vl0

What You Need to Know About Ear Hematomas in Your Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx816SIzdVs

What You Need to Know About Lick Granuloma
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bObzv3hoqq8

What's Causing Your Dog's Incontinence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUu9A4Cq9YQ

Why Aren’t Our Pets Living Longer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2TNPhlkxEQ

Why CANWI Is Creating the SPAN (Student Partnerships in Animal Nutrition) Program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqtkdAzRPHo

Why Do Dogs Eat Grass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Tki_Hb9nPs

Why Do Dogs Eat Poop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiV7VdlhovI

Why Do We Sell Products in Mercola Healthy Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NK8uiE4x93I

Why Dogs Eat Grass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTbvF8g1rtE

Why Ensuring Quality in Pet Food Products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nP0XlJDKXuc

Why Feed Your Pets a Homemade Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujztdcXm1Qg

Why Fresh Pet Food Companies Are Blossoming Everywhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGS9cCwVJRc

Why I Don’t Recommend Most Prescription Renal Diets for Cats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6odPRqIj8Y

Why Pet Parents Are Demanding Better, Fresher Foods for Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VheGG9vOyvU

Why You Should NEVER Feed Your Pets a VEGAN and VEGETARIAN Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsIgJ0cWyGo

Wobbler's Syndrome in Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teYOyBn9xCY

Your Pet's Anal Glands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qffm9Vg-oY8

Your Pet's Gastrointestinal (GI) Track
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFQL2JKtKwQ

Zoonotic DiseasesZoonoses - Diseases You Can Get From your Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4TkyMzVYyE
MercolaHealthyPets - Videos