
Al Di La
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwq461GHZGs&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

April Love by Pat Boone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mErJPN_tsY&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Ben E King - Spanish Harlem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGd6CdtOqEE&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Blue Diamonds - Ramona
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElHHM9QGOMs&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Bobby Helms - My Special Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFgQ0cIZiDw&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Bobby Vinton -- Roses Are Red (My Love)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rjPC7-JMUM&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Bobby Vinton ~ Blue Velvet (1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Cr_apcZkpY&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

BREAKING UP IS HARD TO DO - NEIL SEDAKA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQD3At3E7TA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Brenda Lee  All Alone Am I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNIrH51jCzI&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Brian Hyland - Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICkWjdQuK7Q&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Bruce Channel - Hey Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik9dxkKriV0&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Conway Twitty- It's Only Make Believe WITH LYRICS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ny2yqpCKDkc&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Dion and The Belmonts - Teenager In Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kw6w9CPTjw&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Doris Day - Que Sera Sera
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZbKHDPPrrc&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Elvis Presley - It's Now Or Never wlyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0-FBlfvgxo&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Everly Brothers - Til I Kissed You (live 1983) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kUMwl2BvPY&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

fats domino - blueberry hill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQQCPrwKzdo&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Frankie Laine  - Answer Me, My Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0R0LrEF_GA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Gene Pitney - Twenty Four Hours From Tulsa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIjUaxP7PPE&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

GENE PITNEY IF I DIDN'T HAVE A DIME  ( W  LYRICS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-4PzVp_yK8&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Henry Mancini - Moon River
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZ8j-X1hq1I&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Hey Paula, performs by Paul & Paula, 1963
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7vcRyBAQZA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

I Only Want to Be with You     Dusty Springfield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osVaF4t-zFc&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Jackie Wilson - Lonely teardrops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nEfuE8Pw4U&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Jay & The Americans - Come A Little Bit Closer  [HQ Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHvD7PKMzdE&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Jimmy Clanton - Venus In Blue Jeans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Knq_BY6xpbQ&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Lesley Gore - It's My Party 1964
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acRMALrg1t4&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Lesley Gore - You Don't Own Me (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDUjeR01wnU&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Lipstick On Your Collar by Connie Francis 1959
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMlALAaEwfA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Little Anthony Tears on My Pillow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxjQ3M_v7xc&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Little Peggy March - I will follow him (best version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JVhbusBDi4&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Lloyd Price - Personality (1959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvPU-cvaKCM&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Mark Dinning - Teen angel (1960)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KG_VIcoiCFA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Maurice Williams & the Zodiacs - Stay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1Z_hskvz1M&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

My Prayer   The Platters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDlcqhlzDqQ&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Neil Sedaka - Calendar Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-ym9EjBH2E&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Perry Como-Magic Moments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ND3oghPL5M&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Ray Peterson - Tell Laura I Love Her (RCA 1960)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTjQgkHzbTk&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Roy Orbison  Lana
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFr2dnFLFhY&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Roy Orbison - Only The Lonely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjq4wYuwgxs&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Runaway - Del Shannon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crlJVxeahcE&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

SAIL ALONG SILVERY MOON  Billy Vaughn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upbcSPpelzg&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Sam Cooke - Cupid (Original Version with lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S28tILqie1o&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Shelley Fabares - Johnny Angel HQ (1962)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt7UYKepRLU&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Skeeter Davis ~ The End of The World  (1962)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sonLd-32ns4&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Spanish Eyes • Al Martino • Original • 1965
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nqb7nhosf7s&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Stranger On The Shore - Acker Bilk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jzx664u5DA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Terry Stafford - Suspicion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUe7dMi2uLA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

The Blue Diamonds - Little Ship [Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYV6DhR4yrA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

The Chiffons - One fine day ( 1963 )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1uObmcQQI4&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

The Dixie Cups - Chapel Of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTq7w8P6_2I&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

The Essex - easier said than done
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHB6muY-6WI&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

The Exciters - Tell Him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwbvg9txiuA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

The Marcels   -   Blue Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0fy1HeJv80&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

The Platters - Only You - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5p2k55F-uag&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

The Platters - Twilight Time - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGwa2tw7Vws&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

The Shangri-Las -Leader Of The Pack Video with High Quality Sound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8UKf65NOzM&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

the twelve of never- johnny mathis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9SFtiTWawc&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Tommy Edwards - It's All In The Game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gtizr2G_7Bk&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Tommy Roe - Sheila - HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_BwauaXAlc&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Venus - Frankie Avalon Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U48pNbEqEPw&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Vic Dana - Red roses for a blue lady
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kB_67zLhbEs&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

Why-Frankie Avalon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqjjUKu9t-8&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

WILL U STILL LOVE ME TOMORROW -THE SHIRELLES (LYRICS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NwjqRZ9J_M&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A
Classic Love Songs Of The 50's And 60's