
1.  A DAY OF EXTRA FILIPINO BULLST (League of Legends Puns #3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1txd14O7Uo&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

2.  Adam Ruins Everything - Alpha Males Do Not Exist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTyQgwVvYyc&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

3.  Animal Attraction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKla5Bhc_eo&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

4.  Another Day Of Filipino Bullst (League of Legends Puns #2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNKHcBwFsWQ&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

5.  Best League Jokes and Puns  Funny & Cringe League of Legends Jokes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-Fy5wkDcQs&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

6.  Best Lie Ever  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYHEdrGv2Wk&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

7.  Best of Phreak - Funny Moments (Puns of Damage).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxbP8wSLbus&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

8.  Bladimir, The Sup-Sup Master.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOfuFTcG6CA&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

9.  Cell Phone Reunion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OD8OcPGScRU&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

10.  CHAMPION PUNS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdI058lCyW0&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

11.  Condomned.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHOc716NRXQ&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

12.  Crazy Visitors  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Zvu8qtu9So&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

13.  Dating  Rudy Mancuso & Lilly Singh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nm2lBWXt7jU&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

14.  David Blaine Street Magic Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTqsV3q7rRU&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

15.  David Blaine Street Magic Part 3 (1800126).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHbYTm8U1v8&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

16.  David Blaine Street Magic Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHbYTm8U1v8&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

17.  David Blaine Street Magic Part 4 - OFFICIAL! (1099703).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA3ULeZViLA&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

18.  David Blaine Street Magic Part 4 - OFFICIAL!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RA3ULeZViLA&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

19.  David Blaine Street Magic YouTube Edition!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYxu_MQSTTY&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

20.  Everyday Filipino Bullst (League of Legends Puns).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJCKa0n8YUY&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

21.  Facetime Secrets  Rudy Mancuso, Lele Pons & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVzeW1_hyHI&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

22.  FlipTop - SinioTipsy D vs J-KingRomano @ DosPorDos 2017 Semifinals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=px530gRjQcw&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

23.  Gosh Bless You  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELcmSfwBa1Y&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

24.  Hotel Hell Gordon Ramsay Visits James Corden's B&B.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N41_uJ8AnmI&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

25.  If Google Was A Guy (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B759dzymyoc&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

26.  If Google Was A Guy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuOBzWF0Aws&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

27.  ILAW.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGc9AKjxrWw&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

28.  iPhone 7 by Pineapple  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xph6rwVoNc8&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

29.  iPhone X by Pineapple  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWpSYn40eLc&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

30.  Is You Is Or Is You Ain't My Baby (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYkJ0M1bUIU&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

31.  I’m Black, Not Poor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=du94GxXjBuY&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

32.  James Corden Challenges Usain Bolt to ALL the Games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AdsGaDYYyY&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

33.  Jerry C - Canon Rock (Original Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tYO4FyaGTY&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

34.  Keeping Up With The Gonzalez’s (Pt. 3)  Lele Pons & Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpLrlEBFq-0&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

35.  Kriminal - O.C Dawgs (Music Video Parody) ft. RogerRaker, KingBadger and CongTV.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTl1XwKvuls&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

36.  League of Puns Dad Jokes Edition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tC5E0thrZM&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

37.  Meet Alberto  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4Vs7B71ooc&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

38.  Mexican GPS  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRBCIqw7ZDo&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

39.  MITING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGCPrSnGeoc&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

40.  My Heart Will Go On - Recorder By Candlelight by Matt Mulholland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2WH8mHJnhM&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

41.  North Korean Photoshop Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Ce_954P20I&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

42.  Plizzanet Earth with Snoop Dogg – Iguana vs. Snakes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFVVvVLMr-E&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

43.  Racist Glasses (Part 1)  Rudy Mancuso & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cKJO06CYxdA&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

44.  Racist Glasses (Part 2)  Rudy Mancuso, King Bach & Anwar Jibawi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0X5Pv_Yfnk&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

45.  Racist Radio  Rudy Mancuso, Lele Pons, Anwar Jibawi & King Bach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mi0DnxKgZc&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

46.  Roommate Confessions The Hypocrite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrdIZ_A0S9E&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

47.  SALITANG NOYPI D.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR1ebjfNbLM&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

48.  Señor Grinch  Rudy Mancuso, Lele Pons & King Bach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLdK0cjb8JU&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

49.  ShamWow Guy in Jail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMMxIAn_76g&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

50.  Snoop Dogg FUNNY MOMENTS (BEST COMPILATION).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JM2qOruVG2c&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

51.  Snoop Dogg On Who Wants To Be A Millionaire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgGz-Z3r-mw&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

52.  TEENS REACT TO MAN’S NOT HOTTHE TING GOES MEMES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUlEIaINQ6Q&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

53.  The High School Food Chain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpL7avzsGXY&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

54.  The Roast of Weed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HP_aGGgR4Vs&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

55.  The Truth Behind Justin Bieber’s Calvin Klein Ad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QBgCfKfXqQ&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

56.  The Ultimate Dad Joke Duel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXDh-1dvkNs&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

57.  Tom and Jerry - Mamãe Eu Quero (Baby Puss) [1080p].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifAYmCRM63g&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

58.  Trying to Fall Asleep (POV).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eK71B6kr1uk&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

59.  tu tu ru.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImhfIv5NSqY&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

60.  Visiting a Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xV--gIaYxGI&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

61.  We're From The Same Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOX0qQeS3Ms&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

62.  Worst Waiter Ever  Rudy Mancuso.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KrcoydLnTA&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J

63.  YOU LAUGH YOU ABSOLUTE WUT - YLYL #0027.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHjji5bSkBQ&list=PL4a1zK9nsVRrqgVSCjvaZKJCKAmpW-w0J
Some Rudy Mancuso and random Funny Videos