
1.  Ain't No Mountain High Enough Lyric.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tepYJno7rU&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

2.  Blue Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tmkcuawemc&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

3.  Bobby Darin - Splish Splash (Lyrics On-Screen and in Description).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUWyODR1_sA&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

4.  Chattanooga Choo Choo - The Andrews Sisters wonscreen lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdrYYUuT07Q&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

5.  Chordettes - Lollipop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rYoRaxgOE0&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

6.  Dean Martin - Mambo Italiano - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1UXbhZ3ysc&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

7.  Doris Day - Que Sera, Sera [lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcWbZUgymkw&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

8.  Earth Angel Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5VxvFOxB-U&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

9.  Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmnvAyxuHs0&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

10.  Elvis Presley Hound Dog w lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcU4Ld5phTU&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

11.  Etta James - At Last - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-cbOl96RFM&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

12.  Frank Sinatra, My Way, With Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6E2hYDIFDIU&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

13.  Frank Sinatra-New York,New York-Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-ZUXQuFcnw&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

14.  Gene Kelly sings “Singin' In The Rain” LYRICS famous movie with Debbie Reynolds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_YZbnLgeT8&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

15.  Goodnight Irene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UeTUsykymyY&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

16.  Hello Dolly-Louis Armstrong Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efl6nkFVmoI&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

17.  I Can't Help Myself (Sugar Pie, Honey Bunch) By Four Tops Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwh2QloOnS0&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

18.  I Love You (For Sentimental Reasons) by Nat King Cole W Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1V7auwgpP0&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

19.  Jazz•Street  Ella Fitzgerald - It don't mean a thing (with lyric).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyf1rPqibjY&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

20.  Jimmy Buffet & Friends - Hey Good Lookin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjqiaXKdWz8&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

21.  Karaoke Don't Sit Under The Apple Tree (With Anyone Else But Me) - The Andrews Sisters .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6up0MSzxGus&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

22.  L-O-V-E  Nat King Cole (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpMkidNsf34&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

23.  La Bamba by Ritchie Valens with English & Spanish lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NH9K5YTR2k4&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

24.  Lean On Me by Bill Withers with Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5jlPL1tNDY&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

25.  Louis Armstrong - A Kiss To Build A Dream On (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-ObJ9_LckE&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

26.  Louis Armstrong - What A Wonderful World (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3yCcXgbKrE&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

27.  Louis Armstrong - When you're smiling lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EI2-x3eZdc&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

28.  Luck Be A Lady (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YR0E1EbtxA&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

29.  Lyrics~Stand By Me-Ben E. King.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTCfQ6Bb8QE&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

30.  Lyrics~Walkin' After Midnight-Patsy Cline.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owpdDjsErA4&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

31.  Mona Lisa by Nat King Cole W Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdBsu7jiYTU&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

32.  My Girl by The Temptations WITH LYRICS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZh7nRw6gl8&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

33.  Nat King Cole - When I Fall In Love (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y39N72hN7iQ&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

34.  Ricky Nelson  You Are The Only One (Lyrics On Screen).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNGPVwUpftY&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

35.  Ricky Nelson - Hello Mary Lou - 1961.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9iqB52nK_8&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

36.  RICKY NELSON - IT'S UP TO YOU.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vp0FLwU9QMo&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

37.  Ricky Nelson - Poor Little Fool - 1958.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__l4DbiY3Zk&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

38.  Ricky Nelson - Travelin' Man - 1961.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryBorTnEfv0&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

39.  Stevie Wonder-Isn't She Lovely Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVvkjuEAwgU&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

40.  The Blues Brothers - Sweet Home Chicago - 1080p Full HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_KkgPRo4wA&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

41.  The Chordettes - Mr. Sandman - 1954.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejnSBdd5XIo&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

42.  The Everly Brothers - Bye Bye Love (lyrics on the screen).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9YMXXXh8BM&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

43.  Those lazy, hazy, crazy days of summer by Nat King Cole lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iO8i7c5MMEE&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

44.  Tony Bennett & Lady Gaga - I Can't Give You Anything But Love - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FoBPMuWWHQ&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

45.  twist and shout-the beatles (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFW2cYc4t-w&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

46.  Willie Nelson-Blue Skies (with Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBWhh2F2x5I&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN

47.  Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMWp2f9TOo4&list=PL7pWQ4EQxBGJQpQgyNIQqs912CxbRxffN
Classic Songs (50s and 60s) with Lyrics