
1.  0 United States
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/0_United_States/0_United_States.txt

2.  Afghanistan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Afghanistan/Afghanistan.txt

3.  Akrotiri
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Akrotiri/Akrotiri.txt

4.  Albania
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Albania/Albania.txt

5.  Algeria
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Algeria/Algeria.txt

6.  American Samoa
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/American_Samoa/American_Samoa.txt

7.  Andorra
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Andorra/Andorra.txt

8.  Angola
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Angola/Angola.txt

9.  Anguilla
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Anguilla/Anguilla.txt

10.  Antarctica
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Antarctica/Antarctica.txt

11.  Antigua and Barbuda
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Antigua_and_Barbuda/Antigua_and_Barbuda.txt

12.  Argentina
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Argentina/Argentina.txt

13.  Armenia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Armenia/Armenia.txt

14.  Aruba
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Aruba/Aruba.txt

15.  Ashmore and Cartier Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Ashmore_and_Cartier_Islands/Ashmore_and_Cartier_Islands.txt

16.  Australia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Australia/Australia.txt

17.  Austria
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Austria/Austria.txt

18.  Azerbaijan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Azerbaijan/Azerbaijan.txt

19.  Bahamas, The
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Bahamas,_The/Bahamas,_The.txt

20.  Bahrain
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Bahrain/Bahrain.txt

21.  Bangladesh
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Bangladesh/Bangladesh.txt

22.  Barbados
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Barbados/Barbados.txt

23.  Bassas da India
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Bassas_da_India/Bassas_da_India.txt

24.  Belarus
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Belarus/Belarus.txt

25.  Belgium
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Belgium/Belgium.txt

26.  Belize
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Belize/Belize.txt

27.  Benin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Benin/Benin.txt

28.  Bermuda
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Bermuda/Bermuda.txt

29.  Bhutan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Bhutan/Bhutan.txt

30.  Bolivia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Bolivia/Bolivia.txt

31.  Bosnia and Herzegovina
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Bosnia_and_Herzegovina/Bosnia_and_Herzegovina.txt

32.  Botswana
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Botswana/Botswana.txt

33.  Bouvet Island
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Bouvet_Island/Bouvet_Island.txt

34.  Brazil
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Brazil/Brazil.txt

35.  British Indian Ocean Territory
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/British_Indian_Ocean_Territory/British_Indian_Ocean_Territory.txt

36.  British Virgin Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/British_Virgin_Islands/British_Virgin_Islands.txt

37.  Brunei
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Brunei/Brunei.txt

38.  Bulgaria
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Bulgaria/Bulgaria.txt

39.  Burkina Faso
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Burkina_Faso/Burkina_Faso.txt

40.  Burma
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Burma/Burma.txt

41.  Burundi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Burundi/Burundi.txt

42.  Cambodia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Cambodia/Cambodia.txt

43.  Cameroon
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Cameroon/Cameroon.txt

44.  Canada
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Canada/Canada.txt

45.  Cape Verde
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Cape_Verde/Cape_Verde.txt

46.  Cayman Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Cayman_Islands/Cayman_Islands.txt

47.  Central African Republic
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Central_African_Republic/Central_African_Republic.txt

48.  Chad
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Chad/Chad.txt

49.  Chile
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Chile/Chile.txt

50.  China
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/China/China.txt

51.  Christmas Island
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Christmas_Island/Christmas_Island.txt

52.  Clipperton Island
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Clipperton_Island/Clipperton_Island.txt

53.  Cocos (Keeling) Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Cocos_(Keeling)_Islands/Cocos_(Keeling)_Islands.txt

54.  Colombia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Colombia/Colombia.txt

55.  Comoros
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Comoros/Comoros.txt

56.  Congo, Democratic Republic of the
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Congo,_Democratic_Republic_of_the/Congo,_Democratic_Republic_of_the.txt

57.  Congo, Republic of the
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Congo,_Republic_of_the/Congo,_Republic_of_the.txt

58.  Cook Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Cook_Islands/Cook_Islands.txt

59.  Coral Sea Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Coral_Sea_Islands/Coral_Sea_Islands.txt

60.  Costa Rica
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Costa_Rica/Costa_Rica.txt

61.  Cote d'Ivoire
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Cote_d'Ivoire/Cote_d'Ivoire.txt

62.  Croatia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Croatia/Croatia.txt

63.  Cuba
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Cuba/Cuba.txt

64.  Cyprus
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Cyprus/Cyprus.txt

65.  Czech Republic
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Czech_Republic/Czech_Republic.txt

66.  Denmark
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Denmark/Denmark.txt

67.  Dhekelia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Dhekelia/Dhekelia.txt

68.  Djibouti
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Djibouti/Djibouti.txt

69.  Dominica
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Dominica/Dominica.txt

70.  Dominican Republic
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Dominican_Republic/Dominican_Republic.txt

71.  Ecuador
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Ecuador/Ecuador.txt

72.  Egypt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Egypt/Egypt.txt

73.  El Salvador
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/El_Salvador/El_Salvador.txt

74.  Equatorial Guinea
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Equatorial_Guinea/Equatorial_Guinea.txt

75.  Eritrea
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Eritrea/Eritrea.txt

76.  Estonia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Estonia/Estonia.txt

77.  Ethiopia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Ethiopia/Ethiopia.txt

78.  Europa Island
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Europa_Island/Europa_Island.txt

79.  Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Falkland_Islands_(Islas_Malvinas)/Falkland_Islands_(Islas_Malvinas).txt

80.  Faroe Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Faroe_Islands/Faroe_Islands.txt

81.  Fiji
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Fiji/Fiji.txt

82.  Finland
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Finland/Finland.txt

83.  France
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/France/France.txt

84.  French Guiana
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/French_Guiana/French_Guiana.txt

85.  French Polynesia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/French_Polynesia/French_Polynesia.txt

86.  French Southern and Antarctic Lands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/French_Southern_and_Antarctic_Lands/French_Southern_and_Antarctic_Lands.txt

87.  Gabon
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Gabon/Gabon.txt

88.  Gambia, The
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Gambia,_The/Gambia,_The.txt

89.  Gaza Strip
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Gaza_Strip/Gaza_Strip.txt

90.  Georgia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Georgia/Georgia.txt

91.  Germany
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Germany/Germany.txt

92.  Ghana
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Ghana/Ghana.txt

93.  Gibraltar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Gibraltar/Gibraltar.txt

94.  Glorioso Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Glorioso_Islands/Glorioso_Islands.txt

95.  Greece
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Greece/Greece.txt

96.  Greenland
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Greenland/Greenland.txt

97.  Grenada
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Grenada/Grenada.txt

98.  Guadeloupe
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Guadeloupe/Guadeloupe.txt

99.  Guam
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Guam/Guam.txt

100.  Guatemala
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Guatemala/Guatemala.txt

101.  Guernsey
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Guernsey/Guernsey.txt

102.  Guinea
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Guinea/Guinea.txt

103.  Guinea-Bissau
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Guinea-Bissau/Guinea-Bissau.txt

104.  Guyana
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Guyana/Guyana.txt

105.  Haiti
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Haiti/Haiti.txt

106.  Heard Island and McDonald Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Heard_Island_and_McDonald_Islands/Heard_Island_and_McDonald_Islands.txt

107.  Holy See (Vatican City)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Holy_See_(Vatican_City)/Holy_See_(Vatican_City).txt

108.  Honduras
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Honduras/Honduras.txt

109.  Hong Kong
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Hong_Kong/Hong_Kong.txt

110.  Hungary
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Hungary/Hungary.txt

111.  Iceland
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Iceland/Iceland.txt

112.  India
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/India/India.txt

113.  Indonesia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Indonesia/Indonesia.txt

114.  Iran
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Iran/Iran.txt

115.  Iraq
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Iraq/Iraq.txt

116.  Ireland
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Ireland/Ireland.txt

117.  Isle of Man
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Isle_of_Man/Isle_of_Man.txt

118.  Israel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Israel/Israel.txt

119.  Italy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Italy/Italy.txt

120.  Jamaica
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Jamaica/Jamaica.txt

121.  Jan Mayen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Jan_Mayen/Jan_Mayen.txt

122.  Japan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Japan/Japan.txt

123.  Jersey
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Jersey/Jersey.txt

124.  Jordan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Jordan/Jordan.txt

125.  Juan de Nova Island
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Juan_de_Nova_Island/Juan_de_Nova_Island.txt

126.  Kazakhstan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Kazakhstan/Kazakhstan.txt

127.  Kenya
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Kenya/Kenya.txt

128.  Kiribati
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Kiribati/Kiribati.txt

129.  Korea, North
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Korea,_North/Korea,_North.txt

130.  Korea, South
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Korea,_South/Korea,_South.txt

131.  Kuwait
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Kuwait/Kuwait.txt

132.  Kyrgyzstan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Kyrgyzstan/Kyrgyzstan.txt

133.  Laos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Laos/Laos.txt

134.  Latvia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Latvia/Latvia.txt

135.  Lebanon
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Lebanon/Lebanon.txt

136.  Lesotho
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Lesotho/Lesotho.txt

137.  Liberia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Liberia/Liberia.txt

138.  Libya
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Libya/Libya.txt

139.  Liechtenstein
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Liechtenstein/Liechtenstein.txt

140.  Lithuania
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Lithuania/Lithuania.txt

141.  Luxembourg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Luxembourg/Luxembourg.txt

142.  Macau
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Macau/Macau.txt

143.  Macedonia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Macedonia/Macedonia.txt

144.  Madagascar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Madagascar/Madagascar.txt

145.  Malawi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Malawi/Malawi.txt

146.  Malaysia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Malaysia/Malaysia.txt

147.  Maldives
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Maldives/Maldives.txt

148.  Mali
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Mali/Mali.txt

149.  Malta
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Malta/Malta.txt

150.  Marshall Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Marshall_Islands/Marshall_Islands.txt

151.  Martinique
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Martinique/Martinique.txt

152.  Mauritania
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Mauritania/Mauritania.txt

153.  Mauritius
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Mauritius/Mauritius.txt

154.  Mayotte
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Mayotte/Mayotte.txt

155.  Mexico
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Mexico/Mexico.txt

156.  Micronesia, Federated States of
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Micronesia,_Federated_States_of/Micronesia,_Federated_States_of.txt

157.  Moldova
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Moldova/Moldova.txt

158.  Monaco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Monaco/Monaco.txt

159.  Mongolia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Mongolia/Mongolia.txt

160.  Montserrat
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Montserrat/Montserrat.txt

161.  Morocco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Morocco/Morocco.txt

162.  Mozambique
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Mozambique/Mozambique.txt

163.  Namibia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Namibia/Namibia.txt

164.  Nauru
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Nauru/Nauru.txt

165.  Navassa Island
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Navassa_Island/Navassa_Island.txt

166.  Nepal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Nepal/Nepal.txt

167.  Netherlands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Netherlands/Netherlands.txt

168.  Netherlands Antilles
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Netherlands_Antilles/Netherlands_Antilles.txt

169.  New Caledonia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/New_Caledonia/New_Caledonia.txt

170.  New Zealand
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/New_Zealand/New_Zealand.txt

171.  Nicaragua
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Nicaragua/Nicaragua.txt

172.  Niger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Niger/Niger.txt

173.  Nigeria
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Nigeria/Nigeria.txt

174.  Niue
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Niue/Niue.txt

175.  Norfolk Island
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Norfolk_Island/Norfolk_Island.txt

176.  Northern Mariana Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Northern_Mariana_Islands/Northern_Mariana_Islands.txt

177.  Norway
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Norway/Norway.txt

178.  Oman
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Oman/Oman.txt

179.  Pakistan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Pakistan/Pakistan.txt

180.  Palau
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Palau/Palau.txt

181.  Panama
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Panama/Panama.txt

182.  Papua New Guinea
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Papua_New_Guinea/Papua_New_Guinea.txt

183.  Paracel Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Paracel_Islands/Paracel_Islands.txt

184.  Paraguay
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Paraguay/Paraguay.txt

185.  Peru
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Peru/Peru.txt

186.  Philippines
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Philippines/Philippines.txt

187.  Pitcairn Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Pitcairn_Islands/Pitcairn_Islands.txt

188.  Poland
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Poland/Poland.txt

189.  Portugal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Portugal/Portugal.txt

190.  Puerto Rico
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Puerto_Rico/Puerto_Rico.txt

191.  Qatar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Qatar/Qatar.txt

192.  Reunion
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Reunion/Reunion.txt

193.  Romania
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Romania/Romania.txt

194.  Russia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Russia/Russia.txt

195.  Rwanda
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Rwanda/Rwanda.txt

196.  Saint Helena
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Saint_Helena/Saint_Helena.txt

197.  Saint Kitts and Nevis
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis/Saint_Kitts_and_Nevis.txt

198.  Saint Lucia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Saint_Lucia/Saint_Lucia.txt

199.  Saint Pierre and Miquelon
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Saint_Pierre_and_Miquelon/Saint_Pierre_and_Miquelon.txt

200.  Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Saint_Vincent_and_the_Grenadines/Saint_Vincent_and_the_Grenadines.txt

201.  Samoa
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Samoa/Samoa.txt

202.  San Marino
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/San_Marino/San_Marino.txt

203.  Sao Tome and Principe
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Sao_Tome_and_Principe/Sao_Tome_and_Principe.txt

204.  Saudi Arabia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Saudi_Arabia/Saudi_Arabia.txt

205.  Senegal
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Senegal/Senegal.txt

206.  Serbia and Montenegro
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Serbia_and_Montenegro/Serbia_and_Montenegro.txt

207.  Seychelles
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Seychelles/Seychelles.txt

208.  Sierra Leone
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Sierra_Leone/Sierra_Leone.txt

209.  Singapore
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Singapore/Singapore.txt

210.  Slovakia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Slovakia/Slovakia.txt

211.  Slovenia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Slovenia/Slovenia.txt

212.  Solomon Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Solomon_Islands/Solomon_Islands.txt

213.  Somalia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Somalia/Somalia.txt

214.  South Africa
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/South_Africa/South_Africa.txt

215.  South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands/South_Georgia_and_the_South_Sandwich_Islands.txt

216.  Spain
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Spain/Spain.txt

217.  Spratly Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Spratly_Islands/Spratly_Islands.txt

218.  Sri Lanka
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Sri_Lanka/Sri_Lanka.txt

219.  Sudan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Sudan/Sudan.txt

220.  Suriname
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Suriname/Suriname.txt

221.  Svalbard
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Svalbard/Svalbard.txt

222.  Swaziland
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Swaziland/Swaziland.txt

223.  Sweden
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Sweden/Sweden.txt

224.  Switzerland
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Switzerland/Switzerland.txt

225.  Syria
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Syria/Syria.txt

226.  Taiwan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Taiwan/Taiwan.txt

227.  Tajikistan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Tajikistan/Tajikistan.txt

228.  Tanzania
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Tanzania/Tanzania.txt

229.  Thailand
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Thailand/Thailand.txt

230.  Timor-Leste
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Timor-Leste/Timor-Leste.txt

231.  Togo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Togo/Togo.txt

232.  Tokelau
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Tokelau/Tokelau.txt

233.  Tonga
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Tonga/Tonga.txt

234.  Trinidad and Tobago
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Trinidad_and_Tobago/Trinidad_and_Tobago.txt

235.  Tromelin Island
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Tromelin_Island/Tromelin_Island.txt

236.  Tunisia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Tunisia/Tunisia.txt

237.  Turkey
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Turkey/Turkey.txt

238.  Turkmenistan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Turkmenistan/Turkmenistan.txt

239.  Turks and Caicos Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Turks_and_Caicos_Islands/Turks_and_Caicos_Islands.txt

240.  Tuvalu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Tuvalu/Tuvalu.txt

241.  Uganda
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Uganda/Uganda.txt

242.  Ukraine
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Ukraine/Ukraine.txt

243.  United Arab Emirates
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/United_Arab_Emirates/United_Arab_Emirates.txt

244.  United Kingdom
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/United_Kingdom/United_Kingdom.txt

245.  United States
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/United_States/United_States.txt

246.  Uruguay
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Uruguay/Uruguay.txt

247.  Uzbekistan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Uzbekistan/Uzbekistan.txt

248.  Vanuatu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Vanuatu/Vanuatu.txt

249.  Venezuela
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Venezuela/Venezuela.txt

250.  Vietnam
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Vietnam/Vietnam.txt

251.  Virgin Islands
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Virgin_Islands/Virgin_Islands.txt

252.  Wake Island
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Wake_Island/Wake_Island.txt

253.  Wallis and Futuna
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Wallis_and_Futuna/Wallis_and_Futuna.txt

254.  West Bank
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/West_Bank/West_Bank.txt

255.  Western Sahara
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Western_Sahara/Western_Sahara.txt

256.  Yemen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Yemen/Yemen.txt

257.  Zambia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Zambia/Zambia.txt

258.  Zimbabwe
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Countries/Zimbabwe/Zimbabwe.txt
Countries