
1.  A showdown for the ages - Pan vs Sniper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tdJLr6qy4k&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

2.  Ammo - PUBG Logic (handing your teammate a loaded weapon)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kindPEFswmE&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

3.  Animated 8-bit escort quest game logic - Escort Quest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3nvC20P8wM&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

4.  Annoying bright spells in games - Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NbwizzxQ_s&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

5.  Awkward speech at a funeral.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnHisRxQXgA&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

6.  Backpack - PUBG Logic (picking up two backpacks is difficult)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFhDXSQl2VM&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

7.  Being caught in a lie - Busy Excuse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIdi_P_OoB8&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

8.  Being forced to tip in retail - The Tip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10PV25ybG7U&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

9.  Being forced to use scripts in retail - Scripted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4tQx6EmFvc&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

10.  Best PUBG strategy ever - Whack A Mole.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWbTU1YXdtA&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

11.  BORED THE MOVIE! - 40 episode supercut  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXjQfDv7ZJQ&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

12.  Careful Game - PUBG Logic (when you try play the long game)  Viva La Dirt League.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUou79Imz4o&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

13.  Clever way to stop people stealing - Open Door.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmWHKYho3rU&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

14.  Closing Time - Bored Ep 88  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xC3A7z-2y18&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

15.  Crafting complex items in RPG's - It's Finished.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnqXMJ9fEzY&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

16.  Dad Jokes  (When your relationship is built on puns)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-1xjhGhP54&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

17.  Dealing with bad latency in PUBG sucks - PING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dtJdkuX-xo&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

18.  Drinking an energy drink while driving in PUBG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_vUrY1MczI&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

19.  Explaining things to a woman - Mansplaining.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNorAVQOWu8&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

20.  Fake Friend Request (Sketch about annoying fake catfish facebook request from hot girls)  VLDL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QixeF8ZrFZE&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

21.  Finally standing up to your boss - Coffee Showdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNoH85RFapc&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

22.  Fire physics in games - Fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N62DdK-0-8Q&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

23.  Flair - Bored Ep 110 (wearing clothes with style)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AojtTX3lyyQ&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

24.  Flashbang - PUBG Logic (why no one uses flashbangs in player unknowns battlegrounds)  VLDL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-cPbruxVc8&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

25.  Forgetting basic human things - How to Walk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QpsdYh7uhI&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

26.  FPS Revive Logic - Downed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOLm_MYImO8&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

27.  Getting hit by a slow-moving vehicle in PUBG - The boop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LE2vHnp_viM&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

28.  Giving away your position in PUBG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9JsWOo-Qyk&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

29.  Giving your teammate a scope can create serious drama - Loan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QL0twatABdU&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

30.  Grenade physics in PUBG - Physics Bitch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SP10CORoaZ4&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

31.  Hacker - PUBG Logic (aimbot and wall hax are the worst)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugJ9Ur6Ld64&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

32.  Having a co-worker that eats too loudly - Chips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pm0EDnHZp3g&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

33.  Helping your unemployed friend - The Favour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08SpYj_xJ7s&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

34.  How to get off work - Broom Technique.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Dxi1fLFJ14&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

35.  How to get past a fallen log - Blocked Path.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Yh80SvW9mo&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

36.  How to give constructive feedback - Compliment Sandwich.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SPVnOonSO-s&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

37.  How to pop a tyre - Tyre Punch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2GmtQlN0tM&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

38.  How to refill your vehicle in PUBG - Gas refill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_SbISOGL7M&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

39.  How to repair a computer - Hit It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cy0v1scOmLw&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

40.  How to request leave from your boss - Paid Leave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQS_H_QeS3c&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

41.  How to run a store from outside - Locked Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-acBDIQQs4&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

42.  How to steal $500 - The Heist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29FN-4itdIo&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

43.  How to talk to attractive women in retail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GB01rSkSS94&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

44.  Karen vs Manager.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfBVMiIfJZU&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

45.  Karen wants a showdown - Karen Returns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMWYQGxibB0&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

46.  Lag PSA (Don't suffer from lag alone)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tWkHy9mwoqs&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

47.  Life after thirty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQFvX7I6Ihw&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

48.  Lighting fires in Warcraft - Campfire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsYlJAP_HG8&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

49.  Locked In - Bored Ep 60  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Yh-BEmc9bA&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

50.  Missed Call - Bored Ep 56  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NpjB4IdtQg&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

51.  Mugger logic in games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0Kz8gQxzGE&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

52.  Mute your mic - Wireless.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQpkp1mW7bU&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

53.  Mystery shopper - Bored Ep 80 (Being forced to be a good employee is horrible)  VLDL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGZJEoZ-7aY&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

54.  Out of Stock - Bored Ep 90  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uO411elm49s&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

55.  Passing items in cars is impossible - The Pass.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBoTlA0AhC8&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

56.  People who know nothing about computers - Clearing Cookies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzoW_GO45vk&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

57.  Personal life vs work life - Bad Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9k_x3VBo1I&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

58.  Pretending to be an employee - Imposter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsFGJqXnqBE&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

59.  PUBG Logic Supercut 2 (more funny sketches about PUBG).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Hz5FWhnn4I&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

60.  PUBG Logic Supercut 4 - funny skits about PUBG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRuc3wBWrUg&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

61.  PUBG Logic Supercut 5 (funny PUBG skits).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imUBMZ0F3_U&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

62.  Quietly stalking enemies in PUBG - Noise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrgAmFMbLZw&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

63.  REKT - THE SUPERCUT  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gskGL0ClfLk&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

64.  Ridiculous player names in RPG's - Gamer Tags.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzBZFArR4mc&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

65.  Ridiculously long reload time for the M249 - Long Reload.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2GrCvuYvzo&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

66.  Rogues are annoying Trolls and griefers in all MMOs - Shade Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFKS_c82-h8&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

67.  Rowan could literally be a soundboard - Being a Rowan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mFDCiORsCQ&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

68.  Scented Candles - Bored Ep 115 (when customers make strange requests)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXfiEOQ_97U&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

69.  Sentient video game characters - Self Aware.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGtFrnBTsmI&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

70.  Singing to know the alphabet - ABC Filing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPhVCipx8E4&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

71.  Stupid unnecessary meetings at work - Conference Call.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P99NYSEUEog&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

72.  Supercut - Complete Season 13-15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NTOlGOZvZM&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

73.  Switching from grenade to weapon in PUBG - Primed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rs4m-5uNc5M&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

74.  Team building with your boss - Simon Says.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efZZcWSjlj8&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

75.  Teammates in FPS campaigns are invisible - Hitting Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy7WA488B_E&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

76.  That co-worker who is the bosses favorite - Golden Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pj2-7TKFgTw&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

77.  That friend who gets all the women - You're a Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q58tiztLlQ&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

78.  That pro gamer friend - Git Gud.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGnt-rGA420&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

79.  The Crush - Bored Ep81 (Trusting people can be difficult)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WH-vfN4dZGk&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

80.  The Fart - Bored Ep114 (when you're caught in the act)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxCj7FInEns&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

81.  The feeling you get coming back from holiday - Fresh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niRu1KQsUi4&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

82.  The Girl - Bored Ep 44  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLB_v1UMubc&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

83.  The I.T. Guy  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFHHbBV9nlo&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

84.  The Red Shirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4kuoMxizt4&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

85.  The rules when you get left hanging - High Five.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjT1DlvxgMA&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

86.  The struggles of auto bandage - Auto bandage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kijp0nD4QXE&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

87.  The Superman Effect - Bored Ep 48  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8ou7oq6Td8&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

88.  The truth about fast travel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTO5vhRFCv0&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

89.  The truth about Mondays - Swear Words (NSFW language).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joaRbQ6OutU&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

90.  THE WHITE SHIRT SAGA - Bored (the definitive collection)  Viva La Dirt League.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2DVy_2eoh4&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

91.  The worst kind of escort quest - Stealth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykVOo1z0_gM&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

92.  Trying to aim with a controller - Crossplay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Mjz6j_CUzA&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

93.  Trying to out run the blue zone in PUBG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPFZgk_O8Ok&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

94.  Trying to save your team mate - Going Rambo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtwxB2bjoNo&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

95.  Using Air Quotes wrong your entire life - Air Quotes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DqoQq1zME8&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

96.  What streaming looks like - Twitch Viewers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUg7O--XuGw&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

97.  When an enemy tries to sneak into your team - Imposter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BwN5tuW0Evs&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

98.  When an NPC gets in your way - Block.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIK-y7SA9eo&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

99.  When bumping your head changes your personality - Head Bump.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf5OaGZWoUU&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

100.  When customers give terrible descriptions - Flatclicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoJT68FEXl0&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

101.  When games bug out - The Loop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1k2ivJoRpc&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

102.  When gaming gets real - Griefer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8f7cE0t0TI&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

103.  When printers malfunction - Printer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEy8CLWE1rk&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

104.  When sales go wrong - Great Deal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFuDhsxazqs&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

105.  When someone steals your carpark - The carpark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOA64WHCNVQ&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

106.  When you get shit loot in PUBG.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kM8Cws9tiTQ&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

107.  When you injure yourself at work - Accident Report.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fK-Fw4CAfL0&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

108.  When you take the game too far - Hide and Seek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQgxNxTKiLw&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

109.  When you've not eaten in a while - Hangry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LH9Xr2Ptfc&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

110.  When your character never speaks - Silent Hero.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPI84G5HpJ8&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx

111.  Wiggle - PUBG Logic (just hit W,A,S,D)  Viva La Dirt League (VLDL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9i_gQKktMqQ&list=PL1vWp8GVW38uGb-86n6kVtactHZvXjmmx
Best Of Viva La Dirt League