
1.  2011 Summer Tour Pomo w Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NmvuUUE5XM&pp=sAQA

2.  27 02 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-vz5-02ius&pp=sAQA

3.  A Mini-Doc Clip On Rick Allen's Templar From His Fine Art Collection - OFFICIAL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8AG6VgUTXE&pp=sAQA

4.  A special gift from Brian May of Queen - Def Leppard Hits Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTXAHEotAxk&pp=sAQA

5.  And there will be a next.. DVD! Def Leppard Hits Vegas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dx1UvGrDyck&pp=sAQA

6.  ANNOUNCING ?? THE DEF LEPPARD VAULT ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=To1RB7_T0Ls&pp=sAQA

7.  Behind The Music Remastered promo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8NYIN7ONZk&pp=sAQA

8.  Behind The Scenes at iHeartRadio Festival 2019 - Def Leppard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ltgM-QODvQ&pp=sAQA

9.  Big stage, bigger set list surprises - Def Leppard Hits Vegas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhrDKE0jxDI&pp=sAQA

10.  Celebrating Joe Elliott's 60th Birthday - Def Leppard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70lr8Zpxh7Y&pp=sAQA

11.  Changing things up a bit - Def Leppard Hits Europe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_-GxG4hjpM&pp=sAQA

12.  DEF LEPPARD & KISS - Accept the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wysc5sAkC2Y&pp=sAQA

13.  DEF LEPPARD & KISS - Summer Tour 2014 (2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRPQ5wdeatY&pp=sAQA

14.  DEF LEPPARD & KISS - Summer Tour 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Drc1_-ZA9v4&pp=sAQA

15.  Def Leppard & Mötley Crüe - The Stadium Tour 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hjTYYiHIy4&pp=sAQA

16.  DEF LEPPARD - 'Volume Three' - Limited Edition Box Set Available June 11, 2021 ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wWrzheN8A8&pp=sAQA

17.  DEF LEPPARD - 11 Things You Didn't Know About Hysteria.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmRhUF02LaM&pp=sAQA

18.  DEF LEPPARD - 1987 Holiday Wishes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFMHUGmzWpM&pp=sAQA

19.  DEF LEPPARD - 2015 U.S. Tour w STYX & TESLA (ON SALE NOW).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvNHsTt9Yrw&pp=sAQA

20.  DEF LEPPARD - 2016 Black Friday & Cyber Monday Webstore Sale.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zkaf0SyVrmM&pp=sAQA

21.  DEF LEPPARD - 2017 Fan Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZG7KSINzQY&pp=sAQA

22.  DEF LEPPARD - 2017 Tour Rehearsal Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StwdK5AxsI0&pp=sAQA

23.  DEF LEPPARD - 24 Hour Tour Special (Noisy Mothers, 17th November 1995) - 3 Shows3 Continents1 Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uno6jqs57TY&pp=sAQA

24.  DEF LEPPARD - 30 Day Fitness Challenge with Phil Collen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpuElop-ACU&pp=sAQA

25.  DEF LEPPARD - 30th Anniversary of Steve Clark's Passing - Fan Q&A With Phil Collen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tthvhsd9Pv0&pp=sAQA

26.  DEF LEPPARD - A Day of Hysteria on AXS TV.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igqLnhxSZOs&pp=sAQA

27.  Def Leppard - Action.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Boc_5y0BSa8&pp=sAQA

28.  DEF LEPPARD - ADRENALIZE - Album Facts Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EPBQCWB34I&pp=sAQA

29.  DEF LEPPARD - Adrenalize 25th Anniversary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdmyeiGGnJ4&pp=sAQA

30.  DEF LEPPARD - Adrenalize Standout Song - White Lightning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-CjtLiAX-M&pp=sAQA

31.  DEF LEPPARD - Album Commentary 2016 (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhJuZWleKsw&pp=sAQA

32.  DEF LEPPARD - Album Commentary 2016 (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrwI-MWL8Fk&pp=sAQA

33.  DEF LEPPARD - Album Commentary 2016 (Pt. 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBfFOSfZB24&pp=sAQA

34.  DEF LEPPARD - Album Promo (2015) - Album out now!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Pa619re2Ps&pp=sAQA

35.  DEF LEPPARD - Album Release Day Periscope Fan Q&A (Oct. 30. 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Zyk2ZRzVqg&pp=sAQA

36.  DEF LEPPARD - Album Sampler (Album Out Now).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhItO_TBTZI&pp=sAQA

37.  DEF LEPPARD - All I Want Is Everything (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qF27dY5-Uk&pp=sAQA

38.  DEF LEPPARD - All I've Got Is A Photograph LIVE - June 25 2021 Livestream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyR6eS-bXTc&pp=sAQA

39.  DEF LEPPARD - All I've Got Is a Photograph LIVE - Ticket & Merch Bundles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnn747Mc9Rc&pp=sAQA

40.  DEF LEPPARD - And There Will Be A Next Time Crew & Band Interviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7f_DdU-sNE&pp=sAQA

41.  Def Leppard - Animal (1004797).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBfJOkPZVM4&pp=sAQA

42.  DEF LEPPARD - Animal (Belfast, N. Ireland  June 7, 2011).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRdCyLp1ONI&pp=sAQA

43.  Def Leppard - Animal (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6C0IzCO074&pp=sAQA

44.  DEF LEPPARD - Animal (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecFPU--vvf0&pp=sAQA

45.  Def Leppard - Animal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSH1mOtc9-8&pp=sAQA

46.  Def Leppard - Armageddon It (Long Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHL2Fc0XD50&pp=sAQA

47.  DEF LEPPARD - Armageddon It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urNFQw8VIvA&pp=sAQA

48.  DEF LEPPARD - Australia Tour 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EKbSINwv-c&pp=sAQA

49.  DEF LEPPARD - AXS TV Premieres And There Will Be A Next Time... Live From Detroit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B_AvqKfXYxA&pp=sAQA

50.  DEF LEPPARD - Backstage in Mexico City!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANLlx9GqaB4&pp=sAQA

51.  DEF LEPPARD - Backstage in Monterrey, Mexico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKsNaDBbV6w&pp=sAQA

52.  DEF LEPPARD - BBC The One Show Interview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXG9Av60JYM&pp=sAQA

53.  DEF LEPPARD - Behind the Scenes in Baltimore, MD (4.14.17).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRW7Q3r6clI&pp=sAQA

54.  DEF LEPPARD - Behind The Scenes of Rock Hall Ceremony ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZASfpxBH-Y&pp=sAQA

55.  DEF LEPPARD - Billy's Got A Gun - Hits Vegas (London To Vegas).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szYfMx1GIeU&pp=sAQA

56.  Def Leppard - Bringin' On The Heartbreak (And There Will Be A Next Time).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ql3SV70GSQU&pp=sAQA

57.  Def Leppard - Bringin' On The Heartbreak (Version 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_X5A-BYjO8&pp=sAQA

58.  Def Leppard - Bringin' On The Heartbreak (Version 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4g0CJdt-auk&pp=sAQA

59.  DEF LEPPARD - C'Mon C'mon (2008 promo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqNiHErvP_I&pp=sAQA

60.  DEF LEPPARD - C'mon C'mon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0MjLuzHemQ&pp=sAQA

61.  DEF LEPPARD - Canada Tour 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqkFLN4Xt-8&pp=sAQA

62.  DEF LEPPARD - Dangerous (Guitar Hero Live Gameplay).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfrsyHzimuk&pp=sAQA

63.  DEF LEPPARD - Dangerous (Official Audio) - Album Out Now!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fim3Deb6vSs&pp=sAQA

64.  Def Leppard - Dangerous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gix4saxDjQQ&pp=sAQA

65.  DEF LEPPARD - EUPHORIA - Album Facts Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQ0sdTWJd-Q&pp=sAQA

66.  DEF LEPPARD - Euphoria Just ROCKED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dC9jUIRIktA&pp=sAQA

67.  Def Leppard - Foolin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SnxBvH-0Mc&pp=sAQA

68.  DEF LEPPARD - Gear Historia with Vivian Campbell ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFhqbc6D5QY&pp=sAQA

69.  DEF LEPPARD - Gear Hysteria with Phil Collen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrA3RL0nwsk&pp=sAQA

70.  DEF LEPPARD - Goodbye (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-M-6VinyMiY&pp=sAQA

71.  Def Leppard - Happy 25th Birthday Hysteria from Phil Collen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nR0Q8XG8Fc8&pp=sAQA

72.  DEF LEPPARD - Happy Holidays 2013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhNtSsqjzEI&pp=sAQA

73.  Def Leppard - Have You Ever Needed Someone So Bad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJOC0zIjln8&pp=sAQA

74.  Def Leppard - Heaven Is (Live on Top Of The Pops).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59Xbas4n2WI&pp=sAQA

75.  Def Leppard - Heaven Is.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqd-GX5SMWs&pp=sAQA

76.  Def Leppard - High 'N' Dry (Saturday Night).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkfJOrdc1AU&pp=sAQA

77.  DEF LEPPARD - High 'n' Dry Standout Song - Bringin' On The Heartbreak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gsJbvl40pA&pp=sAQA

78.  DEF LEPPARD - High N’ Dry ?? Album Facts Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qj2_rIW2go0&pp=sAQA

79.  DEF LEPPARD - How Life & The Grunge Era Influenced Slang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKNSGTD4fRc&pp=sAQA

80.  Def Leppard - Hysteria (Long Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMzyleT2FqY&pp=sAQA

81.  Def Leppard - Hysteria (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRjWU5BdO-g&pp=sAQA

82.  DEF LEPPARD - Hysteria (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaiaaar88EM&pp=sAQA

83.  DEF LEPPARD - Hysteria + More Tour On Sale Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pz1Fmzc-LY4&pp=sAQA

84.  DEF LEPPARD - Hysteria + More Tour Recap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4n1qpToa5w4&pp=sAQA

85.  DEF LEPPARD - HYSTERIA - Album Facts Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jA-1ylU8-oo&pp=sAQA

86.  DEF LEPPARD - Hysteria - Hysteria at the O2 (London To Vegas).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UIlHi15I9YQ&pp=sAQA

87.  DEF LEPPARD - HYSTERIA 30th Anniversary Editions (Order Now).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8byUcrzTtw&pp=sAQA

88.  DEF LEPPARD - Hysteria Album Success.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8XiJumoQvs&pp=sAQA

89.  DEF LEPPARD - Hysteria On The High Seas Cruise (Official Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACScN7MjluM&pp=sAQA

90.  DEF LEPPARD - I Wanna Touch You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZXkcRg9rOA&pp=sAQA

91.  DEF LEPPARD - It's All About Believin' (Download Festival 2011).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQTEO3y6IuE&pp=sAQA

92.  DEF LEPPARD - Joe Elliott - This Is How I Roll Pt. 1 & 2 (Always Outlaw Films Presents).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Zd2zwPx8fM&pp=sAQA

93.  DEF LEPPARD - Joe Elliott Live Q&A with Planet Rock.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-tClQJ_co0&pp=sAQA

94.  DEF LEPPARD - Joe Elliott on the Taylor Swift CMT Crossroads Performance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eSlvVhfGhGc&pp=sAQA

95.  DEF LEPPARD - Joe Elliott's COMPLETE Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Induction Speech.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cc_mc_4Dwmc&pp=sAQA

96.  DEF LEPPARD - Let It Go (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHNBxd4LnDs&pp=sAQA

97.  Def Leppard - Let's Get Rocked (Live on Top Of The Pops).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MMq4dVqg9E&pp=sAQA

98.  Def Leppard - Let's Get Rocked (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkWyLZ3AaLU&pp=sAQA

99.  Def Leppard - Let's Go (And There Will Be A Next Time).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ex8FsVgq7qc&pp=sAQA

100.  DEF LEPPARD - Let's Go (Official Audio) - Album out now!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UgvND5W39U&pp=sAQA

101.  DEF LEPPARD - Let's Go (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbQ6Cp8lD2o&pp=sAQA

102.  Def Leppard - Let's Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EB7BeKwoYAs&pp=sAQA

103.  DEF LEPPARD - Let's Go (Video Teaser)- Album Out Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTiFhIE74Nk&pp=sAQA

104.  DEF LEPPARD - Lets Get Rocked (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BO1Nae_EBvQ&pp=sAQA

105.  DEF LEPPARD - Lettin' It Go In Sexy Monterrey, Mexico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H103bIdFas&pp=sAQA

106.  DEF LEPPARD - Live In Germany Part 1 (Rockpop In Concert, 18.12.1983) OFFICIAL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSnxHmpfUkA&pp=sAQA

107.  DEF LEPPARD - Live In Germany Part 2 (Rockpop In Concert, 18.12.1983) OFFICIAL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtiFjIVCu_k&pp=sAQA

108.  DEF LEPPARD - London To Vegas (Deluxe Unboxing Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evWOq2vYlJw&pp=sAQA

109.  DEF LEPPARD - London To Vegas (Extended Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSWDr35buEE&pp=sAQA

110.  DEF LEPPARD - Long Long Way To Go (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2KTcr1Mir0&pp=sAQA

111.  Def Leppard - Long Long Way To Go.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9tt8d132BM&pp=sAQA

112.  DEF LEPPARD - Love Bites (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0T1IVyXBGjM&pp=sAQA

113.  DEF LEPPARD - Love Bites - Live in Monterrey, Mexico.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNHvbaPMObM&pp=sAQA

114.  Def Leppard - Love Bites.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4XiSFyYRE8&pp=sAQA

115.  Def Leppard - Make Love Like A Man (Live On Top Of The Pops).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dd7WtH9IFrk&pp=sAQA

116.  DEF LEPPARD - Make Love Like A Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jB0iJBgrM2Q&pp=sAQA

117.  Def Leppard - Make Love Like A Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg1ogWFqedA&pp=sAQA

118.  Def Leppard - Man Enough (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhnnU3vsIcc&pp=sAQA

119.  Def Leppard - Me And My Wine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wvwn7SCCa2c&pp=sAQA

120.  DEF LEPPARD - Mirror Ball show rehearsals Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jx0V5C1evIE&pp=sAQA

121.  DEF LEPPARD - Mirror Ball show rehearsals Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psgV5HyEQ_0&pp=sAQA

122.  DEF LEPPARD - Miss You In A Heartbeat (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7DmXi5qCB8&pp=sAQA

123.  DEF LEPPARD - Mission Possible with Journey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1tC1goIL7w&pp=sAQA

124.  DEF LEPPARD - Most People Call It X....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEtQWeNCRjo&pp=sAQA

125.  DEF LEPPARD - New 2017 Merchandise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CCiObx7dQE&pp=sAQA

126.  DEF LEPPARD - New Tours + Stream and Download Entire Catalog Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qq8K6N-HTOc&pp=sAQA

127.  Def Leppard - Nine Lives ft. Tim McGraw.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTQXcb7BaRU&pp=sAQA

128.  DEF LEPPARD - No Matter What (2005 promo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7Pl7-qpl9A&pp=sAQA

129.  DEF LEPPARD - North American Tour w Journey On Sale Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-DJZBKqMkA&pp=sAQA

130.  Def Leppard - Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfGW4JuwVHw&pp=sAQA

131.  DEF LEPPARD - On The Road 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xa9zmQeBGQ0&pp=sAQA

132.  DEF LEPPARD - On Through The Night - Facts Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81GAPE8ANWk&pp=sAQA

133.  DEF LEPPARD - On Through The Night Standout Song - Wasted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpJly2uuhuE&pp=sAQA

134.  DEF LEPPARD - Our Influence on Country Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9RhayEYokw&pp=sAQA

135.  DEF LEPPARD - Paper Sun - Hits Vegas (London To Vegas).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YdCfV_D9p6E&pp=sAQA

136.  Def Leppard - Personal Jesus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YBC3ZVo7R0&pp=sAQA

137.  DEF LEPPARD - Phil Collen Electric Splatter Shoes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXjWu8FJkaA&pp=sAQA

138.  DEF LEPPARD - Phil Collen x Yousician Full Zoom Guitar Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fh14B7ZAhPE&pp=sAQA

139.  DEF LEPPARD - Phil Collen x Yousician Guitar Class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47SvCOwhERM&pp=sAQA

140.  DEF LEPPARD - Phil Collen's 30 Day Fitness Challenge - WEEK FOUR Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wSQp17ojmo&pp=sAQA

141.  DEF LEPPARD - Phil Collen's 30 Day Fitness Challenge - WEEK FOUR Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLWwe1zDL6M&pp=sAQA

142.  DEF LEPPARD - Phil Collen's 30 Day Fitness Challenge - WEEK ONE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeiB9v0oTM4&pp=sAQA

143.  DEF LEPPARD - Phil Collen's 30 Day Fitness Challenge - WEEK THREE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snSj9PxFATE&pp=sAQA

144.  DEF LEPPARD - Phil Collen's 30 Day Fitness Challenge - WEEK TWO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8x9BKgvKm0&pp=sAQA

145.  Def Leppard - Photograph (And There Will Be A Next Time).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmKUB7fzNKI&pp=sAQA

146.  DEF LEPPARD - Photograph (Dublin  2011).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kVYAkK0bkY&pp=sAQA

147.  Def Leppard - Photograph (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UoTINOo0-I&pp=sAQA

148.  DEF LEPPARD - Photograph (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1F_1JTvG_Eg&pp=sAQA

149.  Def Leppard - Photograph.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4dHr8evt6k&pp=sAQA

150.  Def Leppard - Planet Rock Profiles Pt. 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgWsTk1jiwo&pp=sAQA

151.  Def Leppard - Planet Rock Profiles Pt. 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4pwB-sm4BM&pp=sAQA

152.  Def Leppard - Planet Rock Profiles Pt. 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asxEvKqV0vs&pp=sAQA

153.  Def Leppard - Pour Some Sugar On Me (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84iPNM0ZXt0&pp=sAQA

154.  Def Leppard - Pour Some Sugar On Me (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7atGjCspU4&pp=sAQA

155.  DEF LEPPARD - Pour Some Sugar On Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UIB9Y4OFPs&pp=sAQA

156.  Def Leppard - Pour Some Sugar On Me (version 1 UK concept).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrZRpXoKoFQ&pp=sAQA

157.  DEF LEPPARD - Pour Some Sugar On Me (VIVA! Hysteria Clip).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wm3FLebap-Q&pp=sAQA

158.  DEF LEPPARD - Pour Some Sugar On Me VIVA! Hysteria Fan Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8yR_K_op3Y&pp=sAQA

159.  DEF LEPPARD - Pouring Sugar with Joe Elliott.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzWaTeauagk&pp=sAQA

160.  DEF LEPPARD - Promises (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSH3NWks7m4&pp=sAQA

161.  DEF LEPPARD - Pyromania Deluxe Edition promo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_VqigDPa14&pp=sAQA

162.  DEF LEPPARD - PYROMANIA Track by Track.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Kl76EpLwoY&pp=sAQA

163.  DEF LEPPARD - Rick Allen - A New Art Collection Is Coming - 09.19.13 (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBv3StCnMCc&pp=sAQA

164.  DEF LEPPARD - Rick Allen - The 2nd Art Collection is Coming!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YAvwbQgE_8&pp=sAQA

165.  DEF LEPPARD - Rick Allen Discusses His Art Piece RhythMantra From His Rock-On-Canvas Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tnj3lQckIU&pp=sAQA

166.  DEF LEPPARD - Rock 'n' Roll Fantasy Camp (April 4-7).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9wiCWdZIuI&pp=sAQA

167.  DEF LEPPARD - Rock of Ages (2012) - Lyric Video?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Sk5aeUoOjw&pp=sAQA

168.  DEF LEPPARD - Rock of Ages Tour 2012.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxjjYqatW_0&pp=sAQA

169.  Def Leppard - Rock On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPMt_HQIpic&pp=sAQA

170.  DEF LEPPARD - Rock! Rock! (Till You Drop) - Live from Mirror Ball bonus DVD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNV-A1tsoOA&pp=sAQA

171.  DEF LEPPARD - Rocket (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWg_g7-sIn0&pp=sAQA

172.  DEF LEPPARD - Rocket - Hysteria at The O2 (London To Vegas).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bG8PY7t_MVY&pp=sAQA

173.  Def Leppard - Rocket.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpcc43NV394&pp=sAQA

174.  DEF LEPPARD - SLANG (Deluxe Edition) - Album Sampler (Select Tracks).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZUfkZB1uFA&pp=sAQA

175.  DEF LEPPARD - Slang - Album Facts Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R2TtaYophL4&pp=sAQA

176.  DEF LEPPARD - Songs From The Sparkle Lounge - Facts Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xdfCKyBRhM&pp=sAQA

177.  DEF LEPPARD - Songs That Inspired Us To Create YEAH!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPeB33El99o&pp=sAQA

178.  DEF LEPPARD - Stand Up (Kick Love Into Motion) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47a_X1ROA6Q&pp=sAQA

179.  Def Leppard - Stand Up (Kick Love Into Motion).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4ujrjP5TFE&pp=sAQA

180.  DEF LEPPARD - Step Inside Hysteria At 30 Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcyJN9AgmBg&pp=sAQA

181.  DEF LEPPARD - Step Inside Hysteria At 30.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWl-sk2P0ec&pp=sAQA

182.  DEF LEPPARD - Steve Clark Collection - Def Leppard Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKu4hBnZrAs&pp=sAQA

183.  DEF LEPPARD - Story behind “Two Steps Behind” & Last Action Hero movie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VAtGiW7u2k&pp=sAQA

184.  DEF LEPPARD - Summer Tour 2014 Photo Slideshow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpKMGJxXlQ0&pp=sAQA

185.  DEF LEPPARD - The Best Seat In The House!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J7c2nJToVHs&pp=sAQA

186.  DEF LEPPARD - The Drum Tech's View in Montreal!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6aN4eXVxNc&pp=sAQA

187.  Def Leppard - The Final Vlog....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqdSDVhftM0&pp=sAQA

188.  DEF LEPPARD - The Hysteria Files with Phil Collen (1 of 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WedwjZyLqz4&pp=sAQA

189.  DEF LEPPARD - The Hysteria Files with Phil Collen (2 of 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dzjYuuCl6xQ&pp=sAQA

190.  DEF LEPPARD - The Hysteria Files with Phil Collen (3 of 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1rp9T3Kqv4&pp=sAQA

191.  DEF LEPPARD - The Hysteria Files with Phil Collen (4 of 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCxGIEnqva0&pp=sAQA

192.  DEF LEPPARD - The Hysteria Files with Phil Collen (5 of 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kF08GpaYsv4&pp=sAQA

193.  DEF LEPPARD - The Hysteria Files with Phil Collen (6 of 6).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3ObHqKBKts&pp=sAQA

194.  DEF LEPPARD - The Road To Rock Hall (Day 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaKQH8WrECY&pp=sAQA

195.  DEF LEPPARD - The Road To Rock Hall (Day 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2RzC1_vu2g&pp=sAQA

196.  Def Leppard - The Road To Rock Hall (Day 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cq9QQy__BqA&pp=sAQA

197.  DEF LEPPARD - The Road To Rock Hall (Day 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3h0FZcNqo0&pp=sAQA

198.  DEF LEPPARD - THE STORY SO FAR + NEW SINGLES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWTuUpLg0zw&pp=sAQA

199.  DEF LEPPARD - The Vault 25th Anniversary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlXAMkfu92Y&pp=sAQA

200.  DEF LEPPARD - Tonight (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BE88id4sdT8&pp=sAQA

201.  Def Leppard - Too late For Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JylbxFYc83k&pp=sAQA

202.  DEF LEPPARD - Tour of Rick Allen's Drum Kit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YS53IJAqquw&pp=sAQA

203.  DEF LEPPARD - Tribute To The Devoted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtStxC-O0uU&pp=sAQA

204.  DEF LEPPARD - Two Steps Behind (Acoustic) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEU70j45oZY&pp=sAQA

205.  DEF LEPPARD - Two Steps Behind (Chicago  July 28th, 2011).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KTGmWKCliOQ&pp=sAQA

206.  DEF LEPPARD - Unboxing The Early Years Boxset ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVdkINeU4Og&pp=sAQA

207.  DEF LEPPARD - Unlocking the Def Leppard Vault!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTecLPJjiJA&pp=sAQA

208.  DEF LEPPARD - VIVA Hysteria! at Hard Rock Hotel, Las Vegas (March 22 through April 10, 2013).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dcSBdrCwSk&pp=sAQA

209.  DEF LEPPARD - VIVA Hysteria!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIRTTuB3x6o&pp=sAQA

210.  DEF LEPPARD - VIVA! Hysteria (London VIP Premier w Joe & Sav).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ti-K448fmYA&pp=sAQA

211.  DEF LEPPARD - VIVA! Hysteria (Movie Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq73DjaK5DQ&pp=sAQA

212.  DEF LEPPARD - VIVA! Hysteria Album Sampler (Select Tracks).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJ2VPQDvhzA&pp=sAQA

213.  DEF LEPPARD - VIVA! Hysteria Backstage!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJGXR9RBLl8&pp=sAQA

214.  DEF LEPPARD - Vivian Campbell Bandmates Interview (Bloodstock Festival 2013).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFIboMn8vN8&pp=sAQA

215.  DEF LEPPARD - Vol. 2 Limited Edition Box Set Out Now ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypBxmvDzN7k&pp=sAQA

216.  DEF LEPPARD - Volume 3 Boxset Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIFQ7Wik_vw&pp=sAQA

217.  Def Leppard - We All Need Christmas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9UkvOrDx1M&pp=sAQA

218.  DEF LEPPARD - We Belong (#WeBelong Fan Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ppmt2l2nJIg&pp=sAQA

219.  DEF LEPPARD - We Belong (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8iJO95K3IM&pp=sAQA

220.  DEF LEPPARD - We Cherry-Picked Our Best Performances.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvYNkRV6ROQ&pp=sAQA

221.  DEF LEPPARD - We Got REALLY REALLY Lucky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HnD5tV3lwQ&pp=sAQA

222.  DEF LEPPARD - When Love & Hate Collide (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7ew_jIxLa8&pp=sAQA

223.  Def Leppard - When Love And Hate Collide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NE_i5W1_7oA&pp=sAQA

224.  DEF LEPPARD - Women (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HR0P3sIb80&pp=sAQA

225.  DEF LEPPARD - Work It Out (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhNA-gyi-UY&pp=sAQA

226.  DEF LEPPARD - Writing on the road is TOUGH.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hldTjPeJgSQ&pp=sAQA

227.  DEF LEPPARD - X - Album Facts Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KfUFmJ8Krog&pp=sAQA

228.  DEF LEPPARD ALBUM TEASER 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5scMlcvtbpI&pp=sAQA

229.  DEF LEPPARD ANNOUNCE LONDON TO VEGAS CONCERT FILMS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=de37BL1q-Mc&pp=sAQA

230.  DEF LEPPARD Dangerous (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSkHanT0dzU&pp=sAQA

231.  DEF LEPPARD Ft. Tim McGraw - Nine Lives (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dgw9op9rPas&pp=sAQA

232.  DEF LEPPARD HITS CANADA SUMMER 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azxa0Qod79o&pp=sAQA

233.  Def Leppard Hits Europe - Sweden Rock Festival.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jc237D5pY8I&pp=sAQA

234.  DEF LEPPARD HITS VEGAS The Sin City Residency.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chRV6r98qFc&pp=sAQA

235.  Def Leppard in New York City for Rock & Roll Hall of Fame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gWSlqP-7vQ&pp=sAQA

236.  DEF LEPPARD is playing France's HELLFEST 2013!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJiDxh1oAhI&pp=sAQA

237.  DEF LEPPARD Man Enough (official video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0i7Xh6Grs3U&pp=sAQA

238.  DEF LEPPARD NOMINATED FOR ROCK & ROLL HALL OF FAME.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ok_DRkDHqSc&pp=sAQA

239.  DEF LEPPARD PALE - Available This Summer!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vmjx-uNijeU&pp=sAQA

240.  DEF LEPPARD Performs On La Voix Season Finale.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEk9-aeJoy4&pp=sAQA

241.  DEF LEPPARD Rock On (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeDr6SeLZsA&pp=sAQA

242.  Def Leppard Summer 2016 Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQYP3-5AgpI&pp=sAQA

243.  DEF LEPPARD The Definitive Visual History - Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ynusa4229E8&pp=sAQA

244.  Def Leppard Vault - Unlocking Date Announced (13 January 2021) ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFKY6uVu4ag&pp=sAQA

245.  DEF LEPPARD Where Does Love Go When It Dies - Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVMqcTntkHQ&pp=sAQA

246.  DEF LEPPARD – NFL Pre-Game - Official Performance Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZKk7mEGfXo&pp=sAQA

247.  DEF LEPPARD – Pyromania Standout Track – Photograph.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wS2R94Ax5Pk&pp=sAQA

248.  DEF LEPPARD's Phil Collen - Guitar Shred Video “Quadrant 4”.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDQW2xBl7EA&pp=sAQA

249.  DEF LEPPARD'S Rick Allen Discusses Divine Mother From His Fine Art Collection - OFFICIAL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-aEEEHPcPXA&pp=sAQA

250.  DEF LEPPARD'S RICK ALLEN discusses his new Angels & Icons Art Collection at Wentworth Gallery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fR5-wQYbXZE&pp=sAQA

251.  DEF LEPPARD's Rick Allen Discusses Shape Shifter From His Fine Art Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSF7GzUDDNo&pp=sAQA

252.  DEF LEPPARD'S Rick Allen Interview w Fox 5 (Las Vegas) About Art Exhibit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bHUfP8rc2k&pp=sAQA

253.  DEF LEPPARD's Rick Allen on His Fine Art Debut Electric Hand Rhythm + Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4gumNTOMRaI&pp=sAQA

254.  DEF LEPPARD's Rick Allen On The Origin of Electric Hand Rhythm + Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKD8cK2oQqg&pp=sAQA

255.  DEF LEPPARD's Rick Allen On The Visuals of Def Leppard & His Visual Art Debut.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-2drWdmQSI&pp=sAQA

256.  DefLeppard.com  YouTube contest winner Adam Klimas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSc3R_0JITs&pp=sAQA

257.  DefLeppard.com  YouTube contest winner Bob Small.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMYNhOJZT6w&pp=sAQA

258.  DefLeppard.com  YouTube contest winner Carole Boyle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMyu8NVsN2s&pp=sAQA

259.  DefLeppard.com  YouTube contest winner Cynthia Kanel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hR-JgBIPO6U&pp=sAQA

260.  DefLeppard.com  YouTube contest winner John Goggan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mprH0OcWPXA&pp=sAQA

261.  DefLeppard.com  YouTube contest winner Ken Detlaff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pA867RI-fPE&pp=sAQA

262.  DefLeppard.com  YouTube contest winner Kim Lusk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MRTIxh5Y6Y&pp=sAQA

263.  DefLeppard.com  YouTube contest winner Ryan Sebastyan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OlVTEIPZWbo&pp=sAQA

264.  DefLeppard.com  YouTube contest winner Steve Whicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XI0ALbwXg8A&pp=sAQA

265.  DefLeppard.com  YouTube contest winner Talia Jurgens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iItFHaIcbiM&pp=sAQA

266.  DOWN 'n' OUTZ - “One Of the Boys” (Pop-Up Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5wSL8533rY&pp=sAQA

267.  Edith Quisenberry introduces Def Leppard (1987).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq7KwADd_1Q&pp=sAQA

268.  Everything Was Changing - The Story So Far Episode 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fft5JUKU0ds&pp=sAQA

269.  Gunter Gleiben Glauchen Globen - The Story So Far Episode 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4cAcbYMUgI&pp=sAQA

270.  Happy New Year!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C39dojTbObk&pp=sAQA

271.  Hello America! Def Leppard Announce 2020 Vision Tour w ZZ Top.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPAODCh7R-0&pp=sAQA

272.  HIGH 'N' DRY Album Q&A wJoe Elliott (2016).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASjiqniuoPk&pp=sAQA

273.  History behind Joe Elliott's Side Band Down 'n' Outz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9KLox8GDv0&pp=sAQA

274.  It Was An ACCIDENT - The Story So Far Episode 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERKsR0XStP4&pp=sAQA

275.  It's Just This Idea I've Had - The Story So Far Episode 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owWwG8kvwfo&pp=sAQA

276.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocEeOkqdL6k&pp=sAQA

277.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 10.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WJ27TgVKkw&pp=sAQA

278.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNmEawZvVEA&pp=sAQA

279.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 12.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHWKjv_2d5s&pp=sAQA

280.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 13.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gBllWGjrIs&pp=sAQA

281.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 14.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JenY0SZHlak&pp=sAQA

282.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-4fVD7Z7cw&pp=sAQA

283.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 16.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4Tj2IeO4zo&pp=sAQA

284.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 17.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UN95IXdbU_g&pp=sAQA

285.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 18.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGlb_Hz8CuU&pp=sAQA

286.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 19.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypZpxHeeNjY&pp=sAQA

287.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Boxg3EnJ55o&pp=sAQA

288.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIQH05fyaKo&pp=sAQA

289.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwEA7M0GN6A&pp=sAQA

290.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 22.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AczbWkVB5Tk&pp=sAQA

291.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgwft1hgp9s&pp=sAQA

292.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOa_ZJxO_jc&pp=sAQA

293.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_DCFMus1lU&pp=sAQA

294.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1NnsHio4gI&pp=sAQA

295.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEWJ9hJUi7k&pp=sAQA

296.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 8.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJfv5WPDo8U&pp=sAQA

297.  Joe and Phil answer questions from fans, part 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ocy-Zjbu9KA&pp=sAQA

298.  Joe Elliott & Steve Clark - Rockline Interview (September 1981).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WkcEW2wJXM&pp=sAQA

299.  Joe Elliott Intros KISS (Holmdel, NJ - 26 July 2014).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7afZbEOLCQ8&pp=sAQA

300.  Joe Elliott wrote all the songs on new Down 'n' Outz album.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIUsdJgECbI&pp=sAQA

301.  Joe Elliott's best performance yet Def Leppard Hits Europe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZV4sTkE2w0&pp=sAQA

302.  Joe Elliott's DOWN 'n' OUTZ - England Rocks (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyqIP3lQ1vw&pp=sAQA

303.  Joe Elliott's DOWN 'n' OUTZ - Funeral For a FriendLove Lies Bleeding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fn0R7A9Cvtc&pp=sAQA

304.  Joe Elliott's DOWN 'n' OUTZ - Overnight Angels (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-lrlcmNxLY&pp=sAQA

305.  Joe Elliott's DOWN 'n' OUTZ - Rock and Roll Queen (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gS11hho5LWk&pp=sAQA

306.  Joe Elliott's DOWN 'n' OUTZ - Rock and Roll Queen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SWtgjoPjY4&pp=sAQA

307.  Joe Elliott's DOWN 'n' OUTZ - The Further Adventures Of... (Album Sampler).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTk8QvQsKHQ&pp=sAQA

308.  Joe Elliott's DOWN 'n' OUTZ - “One Of the Boys” (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ml4sVVdx7ds&pp=sAQA

309.  Joe Elliott's Down 'n' Outz Record Store Day Preview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y0KsOjagWS8&pp=sAQA

310.  Limited edition signed prints coming to Las Vegas Residency  Def Leppard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeYhMfMj70k&pp=sAQA

311.  MANRAZE - 'I Surrender' EP Teaser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqCZ1VVBXMs&pp=sAQA

312.  MANRAZE - 'I Surrender' Lyric Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd4pv20RApc&pp=sAQA

313.  Masa Ito interviews Joe David Coverdale.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ONgkDH4HvQ&pp=sAQA

314.  Meeting up with Bon Jovi - Def Leppard Hits Europe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik2UGodYt4o&pp=sAQA

315.  Mirror Ball - A Behind the Scenes Look pt. 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhnDHDKTdnA&pp=sAQA

316.  Mirror Ball Tour - A Behind The Scenes Look pt. 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQQj_EWPvWI&pp=sAQA

317.  Mirror Ball Tour - A Behind The Scenes Look pt. 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckWKAQv4hYA&pp=sAQA

318.  Mirror Ball Tour - A Behind the Scenes Look pt. 3 (Ch 7 Telethon, Western Australia).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3PPBn15NWU&pp=sAQA

319.  Mirror Ball Tour - A Behind the Scenes Look pt. 4 (Japan Segment).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjHmxYcM48Q&pp=sAQA

320.  No rehearsals, just rock • Def Leppard Hits Tennessee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVdaCMwFIeE&pp=sAQA

321.  Not Everybody Liked It - The Story So Far Episode 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVVjinxQABg&pp=sAQA

322.  Official Trailer Rick Allen's Art Gallery Debut at Martin Lawrence Galleries (Las Vegas).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T66KDID7UQ&pp=sAQA

323.  Phil Collen Introduces Def Leppard's Favourite Videos Playlist Pt. 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPlmQ25dZy4&pp=sAQA

324.  Phil Collen plays Joe Satriani's Nineteen Eighty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkwEQk4Sj-w&pp=sAQA

325.  Phil Collen Plays White Lightning Solo for Adrenalize 20th.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FElcI66svKA&pp=sAQA

326.  Phil Collen's Mexico City Welcome!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRNYsE-7jEY&pp=sAQA

327.  Pour Some Sugar On Me Live at iHeartRadio Festival 2019 - Def Leppard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9NP8jaOxf0&pp=sAQA

328.  Prepping for our Vegas Residency - Def Leppard Hits Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv72Bqs-6GE&pp=sAQA

329.  Promises, production, and practicing for Vegas - Def Leppard Hits Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_3u441BwNA&pp=sAQA

330.  Remembering Steve Clark today - (Rick Allen  Jan. 8, 2012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=938rO6vGCx8&pp=sAQA

331.  Remembering Steve Clark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVFkwM9QB-E&pp=sAQA

332.  Rick Allen - Electric Hand Rhythm + Change - Fine Art Debut Preview!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5XkXXFuAGE&pp=sAQA

333.  Rick Allen Signs the First Batch of Pieces from his Electric Hand Art Collection!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_kFxFhOneA&pp=sAQA

334.  Rick's tour message 2012!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NDE2esmdFA&pp=sAQA

335.  Rockfest Finland - Def Leppard Hits Europe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TSIP9wUXQ4&pp=sAQA

336.  Rocking 85,000 people at Download Festival - Def Leppard Hits Europe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyLTtFLh31s&pp=sAQA

337.  Sav namecheck in Heroes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHbp3hug0Ig&pp=sAQA

338.  Selling out Canada with Def Leppard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sq2MXr97xDc&pp=sAQA

339.  So hot a CLOUD formed inside the concert!! ??Def Leppard Hits Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZRM2LSioVc&pp=sAQA

340.  Sorting out the set list - Def Leppard Hits Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M8Pps2fA964&pp=sAQA

341.  Stuff we've NEVER played before - Def Leppard Hits Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VjsOZomFxUE&pp=sAQA

342.  The Highlight of the Night - The Story So Far Episode 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYOxDr5_U_A&pp=sAQA

343.  The news is out! Def Leppard, Mötley Crüe, Poison & Joan Jett Tour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIAElG_5qvg&pp=sAQA

344.  The Section Quartet feat. Vivian Campbell - MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud9e7KfjY2E&pp=sAQA

345.  The Story So Far - The Best of Def Leppard OUT NOW!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4FemTgflyg&pp=sAQA

346.  The stuff you didn’t see.. Blooper Reel 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwV2w6o54zw&pp=sAQA

347.  This Is For You MICK RONSON Tribute By JOE ELLIOTT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bawf8e_ZWAM&pp=sAQA

348.  To Be Continued... Def Leppard Hits Vegas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2h47nyJqsQ&pp=sAQA

349.  We Almost Covered ABBA - The Story So Far Episode 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_fL8Eop6UA&pp=sAQA

350.  We kind of feel at home here - Def Leppard Hits Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpXKE8Yogl0&pp=sAQA

351.  We want to do this again! Final Residency Show Vlog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qamATVz9fOw&pp=sAQA

352.  We're on FIRE! Def Leppard Hits Europe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpT1JYyPT_0&pp=sAQA

353.  We've never played it in front of an audience - Def Leppard Hits Vegas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fI16fWrsdyg&pp=sAQA

354.  Weird Al Yankovic interviews Def Leppard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1GzhlN5R-Y&pp=sAQA

355.  What a year! Def Leppard 2019 Recap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdETGAJMGJQ&pp=sAQA

356.  YouTube Presents DEF LEPPARD - Q&A Details.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Na65Cpwh1sQ&pp=sAQA

357.  YouTube Presents DEF LEPPARD - Q&A.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mZZbcfC9yI&pp=sAQA

358.  YouTube Presents DEF LEPPARD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyMxPfnP0Tk&pp=sAQA
DEF LEPPARD