
369347.  Jen's Slow Cooker Chicken Chili Recipe (Mexican Inspired).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOCyeObHlb8

369349.  Quick Recipe  Jen's Vegan Lentil Soup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhNypVl0Jto

369352.  Slow Cooker Chicken and Sausage Gumbo Recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfVqzx8o7po

369356.  Slow Cooker Sunday Bacon and Potato Soup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6ePfWs_uIg

369361.  Slow Cooker Sunday Beef and Broccoli.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSUn_yjFMkM

369367.  Slow Cooker Sunday Chicken Cacciatore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uRW5WAncBA

369374.  Slow Cooker Sunday Chicken Stew with Cornmeal Dumplings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-lT0SkAmxP0

369382.  Slow Cooker Sunday Chicken Tortilla Soup with Homemade Tortilla Strips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxNZgExxOzM

369391.  Slow Cooker Sunday Creole Chicken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGZuXuFviVE

369401.  Slow Cooker Sunday Easy Bacon Ranch Chicken Tacos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VX_JFIhdC_8

369412.  Slow Cooker Sunday Easy Rice Meatballs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgDOcDyrzQc

369424.  Slow Cooker Sunday Honey Sesame Chicken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrwbAsdj3CU

369437.  Slow Cooker Sunday Hungarian Beef Goulash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7_1oFvfvvs

369451.  Slow Cooker Sunday Jen's Beef Stew and Gluten Free Dumplings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq7mMgG7GfI

369466.  Slow Cooker Sunday Jen's Chicken and Pasta Soup Recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-EA-AU2TwM

369482.  Slow Cooker Sunday Mexican Lasagna.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWbEcqdc4Pc

369499.  Slow Cooker Sunday Parmesan Honey Pork Roast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLTi9-3LF-c

369517.  Slow Cooker Sunday Pepper Steak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bdg52zyNRsY

369536.  Slow Cooker Sunday Pesto Ranch Chicken Thighs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaKjI5sKIog

369556.  Slow Cooker Sunday Santa Fe Chicken.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMznLLGlvxo

369577.  Slow Cooker Sunday Shredded Pork Tacos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EfJ4LtNSQw

369599.  Slow Cooker Sunday Taco Chili.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F449QC8w5tY

369622.  Slow Cooker Sunday Thai Chicken Thighs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajshyy0OznE

369646.  Slow Cooker Sunday Thai Pork with Peanut Sauce.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTKISe_xGnI

369671.  Slow Cooker Sunday Zesty Barbecued Chicken Sandwiches.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF3fe5_XRmQ
Slow Cooker Recipes  Crock Pot Recipes