
1.  1. Blue Swede - Hooked on a Feeling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrI-UBIB8Jk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

2.  500 miles away from home , The kingston trio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTvGJkv2MQw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

3.  A Horse With No Name - America (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpSdePGgVyQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

4.  A Horse with No Name.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSZXWdKSQNM&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

5.  Ace (with Paul Carrack) - How Long • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DP5DflRasOk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

6.  Ain't No Sunshine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PeyzXvvdmw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

7.  Al Wilson - Show And Tell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItgAlRuafaU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

8.  Albert Hammond - It Never Rains In Southern California (1973) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gmq4WIjQxp0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

9.  America - A horse with no name (clip HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm4BrZjY_Sg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

10.  America - Sister Golden Hair (HQ Original).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIycEe59Auc&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

11.  And When I Die.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la9Iy0RTvCI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

12.  Andy Kim - Rock Me Gently.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ym3RlvVR9M&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

13.  B. J. Thomas Hooked on a Feeling (James, 1968) - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wqt_iZBvtCo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

14.  Badfinger - Day After Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVnFJzggLHo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

15.  BARRY WHITE & Love Unlimited Orchestra - Love's Theme.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YS7sWCG_ZE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

16.  Barry White - Can't get enough of your love baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypyiAT1RelU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

17.  Beach Boys - Wouldn't It Be Nice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZBKFoeDKJo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

18.  BECAUSE--THE DAVE CLARK FIVE (NEW ENHANCED RECORDING) 720P (1319606).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpKWpUJybng&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

19.  BECAUSE--THE DAVE CLARK FIVE (NEW ENHANCED RECORDING) 720P.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpKWpUJybng&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

20.  Bee Gees  - Massachusetts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7_gMwufFVo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

21.  Bee Gees Massachusetts 1967.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xk9bmuncB4Q&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

22.  Best of Brake Check Gone Wrong (Insurance Scam) & Instant Karma 2019 Road Rage, Crashes Compilation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TS5GsCxAOs&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

23.  Bill Withers - Ain't No Sunshine (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuKfiH0Scao&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

24.  Bill Withers - Lean on Me (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOZgo8gMIoM&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

25.  BJ Thomas - Hooked On A Feeling  [HQ Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLRH4R1UqZo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

26.  Bobby Darin - Dream Lover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVHAQX5sSaU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

27.  Bread - Make it with you (1970).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0KXV0gB0dw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

28.  Carly Simon - You're So Vain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQZmCJUSC6g&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

29.  Carole King - It's Too Late (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkKxmnrRVHo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

30.  Charlie Rich - The Most Beautiful Girl (Audio) (1860925).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLbGeZSUrhg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

31.  Charlie Rich - The Most Beautiful Girl (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLbGeZSUrhg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

32.  Classics IV - Spooky (studio version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5IUxtiweLw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

33.  Classics IV - Stormy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18Sua_QTDs0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

34.  Crimson and Clover - Tommy James & The Shondells.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpGEeneO-t0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

35.  Crystal Blue Persuasion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKMdJEiS5qo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

36.  Dancing in the Moonlight (Original Recording) - King Harvest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5JqPxmYhlo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

37.  DAVID CASSIDY ~ I THINK I LOVE YOU.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2r9UtIhOI8M&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

38.  Diamond Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1676D9s1p0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

39.  Diana Ross & The Supremes - Someday We'll Be Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXGz8i0I2L0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

40.  Dionne Warwick  I'll Never Love This Way Again (ORIGINAL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LO9NP-SiT8s&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

41.  Dionne Warwick I Say A Little Prayer 1967 Original Million Seller.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kafVkPxjLYg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

42.  Do You Believe in Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=451m6-oil94&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

43.  Do You KNow the Way to San Jose by Dionne Warwick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqWt49o7R-k&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

44.  Dobie gray- drift away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gr_eVcCAUXo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

45.  DON GIBSON  Sea Of Heartbreak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4bo4ByFhLM&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

46.  Don't Let the Sun Catch You Crying - Gerry and The Pacemakers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKta_gRc2gA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

47.  Dusty Springfield - The Look of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tf1d65OHYXo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

48.  Dusty Springfield ~ Wishin' and hopin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbAoOeXC2Sg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

49.  Everybody Plays the Fool (1904354).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPeHHpXOOds&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

50.  Everybody Plays the Fool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7i72cbo_qdg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

51.  Everything I Own - Bread.wmv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2i43aAn2rq8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

52.  Gary Puckett - Lady Willpower.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1CLjF8Q8xo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

53.  Gary Puckett and The Union Gap  Woman,Woman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nNXi66N2oc&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

54.  George Harrison-Give Me Love (Give Me Peace On Earth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-KAvPbO8JY&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

55.  Get Ready - Rare Earth - 1970.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N5M_E56pvE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

56.  Get Together  - The Youngbloods - with lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBJYxPN8qIA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

57.  Gordon Lightfoot - If You Could Read My Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5tr_L31StI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

58.  Green Fields - Brothers Four (CD Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46o1joHp7t0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

59.  Hamilton, Joe Frank & Reynolds - Don't Pull Your Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vkdzBSuyUg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

60.  Hamilton, Joe Frank & Reynolds - Fallin' In Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0sTpZja6JQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

61.  Happy Together - The Turtles (1967).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZEURntrQOg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

62.  Happy Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqZ6sRHpWIk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

63.  Hold On, I'm Comin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NigxFjKYH14&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

64.  How Can You Mend a Broken Heart - The Bee Gees (Lyrics on screen).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QUX8fJ40RA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

65.  I Only Want to Be with You     Dusty Springfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osVaF4t-zFc&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

66.  I'd Love to Change the World -  Alvin Lee & Ten Years After.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSYFJB7o9ZQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

67.  I'll never fall in love again - Dionne Warwick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzQBOBoPg04&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

68.  I'm a Believer - The Monkees.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wB9YIsKIEbA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

69.  Jay & The Americans Come A Little Bit Closer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuWkVqum6a8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

70.  Jimmy Ruffin - What Becomes of the Brokenhearted (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQywZYoGB1g&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

71.  Johnny Rivers - Summer Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xa9vWVEYojg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

72.  Killing Me Softly (Roberta Flack).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMzzw6IXH1s&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

73.  Killing Me Softly With His Song  Roberta Flack  Lyrics ??.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgl-VRdXr7I&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

74.  Linda Ronstadt - Long Long Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0qm8nq8RcA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

75.  LINDA RONSTADT - You’re No Good  REACTION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Myy6YGLdic8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

76.  Looking Glass - Brandy (You're a Fine Girl) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVx8L7a3MuE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

77.  Lulu - To Sir With Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOVQ4vAmM7Y&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

78.  Mama Told Me (Not To Come).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DZvJQ0PTEg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

79.  Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye  -   Steam -   1969.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZkYGcz1DgI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

80.  Neil Diamond Cracklin Rosie 1970.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGemtjVtfZM&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

81.  Neil Sedaka - Laughter In The Rain [w lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCusyLPrFCo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

82.  Neil Young - Heart Of Gold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eh44QPT1mPE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

83.  Oliver  - Good Morning Starshine (1599125).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whmzEXywq40&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

84.  Oliver  - Good Morning Starshine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whmzEXywq40&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

85.  One Is The Loneliest Number - Three Dog Night (Lyrics) (1596094).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5ab8BOu4LE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

86.  One Is The Loneliest Number - Three Dog Night (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5ab8BOu4LE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

87.  One Less Bell To Answer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBrbu7PvMU0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

88.  Orleans - Still The One (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5aMMRes2u4&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

89.  Paul McCartney - My Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKuFyHwG188&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

90.  Paul Simon - Kodachrome (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rlDTK6QI-w&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

91.  Paul Simon - Loves Me Like a Rock (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjFzw8AxSBA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

92.  Paul Simon - Mother and Child Reunion (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0BUsDf0dxY&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

93.  Peter, Paul & Mary  Where Have All The Flowers Gone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmBLSGy6g58&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

94.  R.I.P. Scott Walker The Walker Brothers - The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q11ium_-Lv8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

95.  Rare Earth - I Just Want To Celebrate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXKTahefBFA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

96.  Redbone - Come and Get Your Love (Single Edit - Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bc0KhhjJP98&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

97.  Redbone - Come And Get Your Love - LIVE 1974 The Midnight Special (Guardians Of The Galaxy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj0drevGOgA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

98.  Ringo Starr - It Don't Come Easy (Official Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvEexTomE1I&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

99.  Ringo Starr It Don't Come Easy (Starr, 1971).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anpjEN9KeJ0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

100.  Roberta Flack  Donny Hathaway - Where is the Love  (1972).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcHPNUN-U8E&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

101.  Sam and Dave - Hold on I'm coming.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AREppyQf5uw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

102.  Sara Smile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShbxoSvHTaw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

103.  Sealed with a Kiss.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DMzpvZEuQc&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

104.  Seals & Crofts - Summer Breeze - (Rare Studio TV - 1972) - Bubblerock - HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2zNfLEb904&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

105.  SECRET AGENT MAN--JOHNNY RIVERS (NEW ENHANCED VERSION) HDAUDIO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oo9k83jhFf4&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

106.  She's Not There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3f33ZUM1RjM&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

107.  Shocking Blue - Venus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a5AICDKs7g&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

108.  Simon & Garfunkel  El Condor Pasa (1970).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pey29CLID3I&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

109.  Simon & Garfunkel - A Hazy Shade Of Winter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnZdlhUDEJo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

110.  Simon & Garfunkel - Scarborough Fair (Full Version) Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BakWVXHSug&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

111.  Simon & Garfunkel - The Sounds of Silence (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fWyzwo1xg0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

112.  Sister Golden Hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKuz27nkDEs&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

113.  Smiling Faces Sometimes - The Undisputed Truth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3wfsbTvk_s&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

114.  Sooner Or Later.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTQEmDb7nNs&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

115.  Spinning Wheel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbRR0WjMqEk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

116.  Spooky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SK9U43Jp_VE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

117.  Stampeders - Sweet City Woman (1971 - HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CPt3eSBJiQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

118.  Stormy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XrWESC7dsA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

119.  Summer Breeze.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr5OxBv-laQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

120.  Sundown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeRlumGqZlY&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

121.  Suspicious Mind - Elvis Presley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBmAPYkPeYU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

122.  Sweet City Woman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2icQ8AI258&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

123.  Taming The Tongue   James 31-12  Pastor John Miller.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVzfLA2jgEk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

124.  The Classics IV - Traces of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBv6ou7mywI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

125.  THE COWSILLS I LOVE THE FLOWER GIRL -OFFICIALLY TITLED THE RAIN, THE PARK AND OTHER THINGS..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZMc0-ZAUeY&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

126.  The Dramatics - Whatcha See is Whatcha Get (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgG6SU8L-dI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

127.  The Fifth Dimension - Aquarius - Let The Sunshine In - Bubblerock Promo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPK7ZF6jfJE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

128.  The Grass Roots - I'd Wait A Million Years - [STEREO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8F7LtzeQEE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

129.  The Grass Roots- Sooner or Later.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cnCEvGrj3M&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

130.  The Guess Who - These Eyes (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcLdbsrSngA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

131.  The Guess Who - These Eyes (Lyrics on screen).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJmYUmrnP0o&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

132.  THE KINGSTON TRIO ~ Where Have All The Flowers Gone ~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55FZnYhCM-Y&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

133.  The Lovin' Spoonful - You Didn't Have to Be so Nice (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIM579H-f7Y&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

134.  The Mamas & The Papas - California Dreamin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-aK6JnyFmk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

135.  The Mamas And The Papas - California Dreamin'. Audio Gold Song ful HD.mp4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kcmwXUdDCE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

136.  The Monkees - Daydream Believer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvqeSJlgaNk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

137.  The Poor Side Of Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAI24i825_E&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

138.  The Rubberband Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSMVflSBKx8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

139.  The Seekers - Georgy Girl (1967 - Stereo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsIbfYEizLk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

140.  The Seekers - I'll Never Find Another You (HQ Stereo, 1964'68).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZf41UudAbI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

141.  The Spinners - I'll Be Around.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojCikI9npJQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

142.  The Turtles -  Happy Together 1967.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oi_3UMhZ1UI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

143.  The Turtles - Happy Together - 1967.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRCe5L1imxg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

144.  The Undisputed Truth - Smiling Faces Sometimes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GXSHRJYxTQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

145.  The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald - Gordon Lightfoot (HD w Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vST6hVRj2A&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

146.  There Goes Another Love Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nE5e_e3Y4A&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

147.  These Eyes (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARoqKjb3lWo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

148.  These Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GADRQjY9PEQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

149.  Those Were The Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QO9A9u4GyGc&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

150.  Three Dog Night - Mama told me not to come 1970.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKaQzQAlNn4&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

151.  Time of the Season.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9B1vwAO-JWw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

152.  To Sir With Love (2002 Remastered Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE3OpWcD_fM&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

153.  Tom Jones - It's Not Unusual (HQ Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQLdUDEb8E0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

154.  Treat Her Like A Lady.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6_PmccPnJU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

155.  Van Morrison - Brown Eyed Girl (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfmkgQRmmeE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

156.  Van Morrison - Moondance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lFxGBB4UGU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

157.  Vehicle - The Ides Of March 1970.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0EL7fjfeE8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

158.  Ventura Highway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnV7dTXlXxs&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

159.  What The World Needs Now Is Love  Dionne Warwick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cW8Alo_5uI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

160.  Where Have All The Flowers Gone (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkTXcwc3zvk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

161.  Wichita Lineman - Glen Campbell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxSarBcsKLU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

162.  Windy (Remastered Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUv9OK4KUv8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

163.  WOMAN, WOMAN GARY PUCKETT and the Union Gap ~ 1968.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hyJDLyUAoc&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

164.  You're No Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ysu2aUCwgk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

165.  You're so Vain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cleCtBP0o5Y&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

166.  You've Made Me so Very Happy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPmtEjnlXjA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

167.  Young Girl - Gary Puckett And The Union Gap (1421554).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn0ZJHVH17I&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

168.  Young Girl - Gary Puckett And The Union Gap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn0ZJHVH17I&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

169.  Young Rascals - How Can I Be Sure  (1967).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuKeSUUK-A4&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi
Radio Hits of the 60's -70's