
25 kilos of halva - Boris and Anatoli cooking special
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44kqiL1iwhI

7 LAZY WAYS TO MAKE INSTANT NOODLES - budget living
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9X8VJvoo6y0

Anatoli, slav mead specialist - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2UdBymDjwk

Babushka's TOP SECRET Christmas pork recipe - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuxQIScZbfw

Basic cooking tutorial with Boris - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJr4h0K2yQc

Birthday cooking with Soviet waffle iron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPLJnobY5f4

Boris cooking with AMERICAN MEASUREMENTS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm3XD1dgy5A

CABBAGE ROLLS - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITauJk1PpO0

Cheap vs expensive shashlik - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ESBMQ8YH38

Cheeki Breeki Chebureki (????????) - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9NEXPoepO4

Chicken kotlet of Kiev - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFgOC2AHn_8

Chocolate sausage with Anatoli - The Slav budget dessert - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7FjxS_cWmM

Condensed milk pancakes  Boris special blins (20K subs special)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPbJK_L0ms0

Cooking basics part 2 - The bay leaf!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DP2tYnlhA98

Cooking goulash for whole crew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLq-67LEjxA

Cooking pork rinds and potato for whole family - Welcome home (6 year milestone)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gi7F1SvM3Mk

Cooking with chainsaw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyj8Qa79bWY

Cooking with splitting axe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xluGmpOanLs

Cooking with what you have - End of month special
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov6-wfN0I7s

End of month Ukha - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3yOOc47n9E

Frankenblin, the Hungarian pancake - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Lyp_EJOZHc

Hatchet Soup - a slav fairytale about cooking (stone soup)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxgWp0J_vbk

Herring under fur coat (??????? ??? ?????) - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2df9l3o2gtQ

HOW NOT TO MAKE CHEESE - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jrPg34NekM

How to cure cold - slavic style
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIKzN0N__Lk

How to make Babushka's Strawberry Jam - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH_K-VbGvVI

How to make black bread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTGT2P-zsGg

How to make blin - Russian pancakes recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UOowIxfX88

How to make borsch soup like a slav (Borscht recipe) - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RjawJ8LImM

How to make Doctor's sausage - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5KBuawg-xw

How to make dried bread
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qtgsqxmz-ew

How to make Gopnik Beer - Homemade beer making with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBc0K_7LQpk

How to make Halva - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qr3wsPaES9o

How to make KISSEL like babushka (??????) - Russian Kissel cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pVT5VE21bU

How to make kompot - Slav recipe with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZk6wXCMCY

How to make Kvass - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1UTJKBMvgc

How to make mayonez - Boris mayonnaise recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saU3_xJJrCg

How to make mayonez ice cream (mayonnaise ice cream)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6vteMXhUE0

How to make Pavlova cake to get free food - cooking life hack with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFFTbtqx5Mg

How to make Russian cheese (??????? ???) - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77OY9kKcFgY

How to make Russian pelmeni - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YO7AdLsUSec

How to make shashlik like a Slav (Shashlyk recipe) - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mH34yui51c

How to prepare Samovar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVYIMtyzqms

How to Slav Your Spanish Food - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=av6cK67O-Jk

I tried making Baklava.. accidentally made THICCLAVA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gEVnBnhWwg

Kefir bread and condensed milk - Low budget cooking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfQLbit8pbs

LET'S BAKE CAKE - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un-U3rHBbcE

LET'S MAKE SOUP - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzIT6oQp6SM

MAKE KOTLET - Russian meat cutlets recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVUagOO_53g

MAKE SYRNIK AT VADIM'S PLACE - Russian Syrniki simple recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zI4_hMYQEg

making imaginary cake - the Slav Souffle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GeUsEZN-SY

Making Mead with Anatoli - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9aj1UTchuo

Making zefir by hand (?????) - cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4NJ02dEl8c

Mayonez ice cream but is 1920s silent film
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXfIHUVBp2A

Mayonez Muffins with Anatoli (Vidme version) - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHARWuhl2o0

Medovik cake (???????) - Advanced cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrmhORG8cYc

OKROSHKA with Kvass (Russian cold soup) - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifE7gDiLDbE

PLOV (student edition) - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbdQzjaevXQ

PLUM IN POTATO - Knedle recipe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTAtfFesFG0

POTATO PEEL RECIPES ???? - budget cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_e4kCtJIHA

Russian holiday feast - Cooking Kulebyaka with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9iTJuK0570

Russian potato salad with ANATOLI (????? ??????)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpXanUgokx0

Russian Solyanka saves lives - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSRUz88x6BI

Slav snacks - Slav party tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjgul0TDvRg

Soviet Meat Jelly (???????) - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwbnzEJSbRg

Soviet style piroshki (???????) with Komrade Kat - Christmas special
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YQKUFWzmwo

STROGANOFF for one - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDybFLoOcGg

SURVIVAL ROUND - How to survive 4 weeks on 50€ ($60)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKfmRhfuI8g

The Real Garlic Bread - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yIBVl-Z8aGk

The Slavic Hamburger - TOP 5 Buterbrod Recipes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0KcoZhG3oE

TOP 5 very low budget recipes - Meals under 1 Euro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvKQNLdMr48

Triple French Pork with Svetlana - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRGpCAYGkEI

TSAR'S BLINS WITH CAVIAR - Cooking with Boris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9DGDCqXUek
COOKING  Life of Boris