
#1 Root Cause to Many Health Issues
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHIpcxflQEo

21 Day Purification Webinar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8OmMYA1D-o

A Presentation on Mind Body Connection for Greater Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EIaL_IIBCQ

ABCs of positive change Part 1 of 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFCNCy7ycwc

ABCs of Positive Change Part 2 of 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psIcSReTEzc

ABCs of positive change Part 3 of 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OC8z47oBxbo

Acupuncture is 1 of 5 major therapies in Traditional Chinese Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vT144TusNU

All-Natural Self-Care Tips - Ancient Wisdom  Video 2 of 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZ9dPoQL6vQ

Anxiety and Natural Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfXjgeqylUY

Break Free From The Emotional Drain Game  Video 3 of 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VhVbVzj0DA

Chronic Health Issues and Emotions as the Root Cause
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJGHwSHGn2M

Diet and Hormone Balancing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASxm4Vfk2Vg

Exercise Weak Joints Safely - Arthritic Type Conditions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8pMEcEZuwas

Get Energized with Chi Kung
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWiV8FSdf4k

Got Optimal Health Acupuncture RI Natural Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgvmywBZhoE

Hydration Plan - Why and How
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3DN1_ZvJL_4

Insights on Mental Emotional Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWl-ftccfnc

Insights on Optimizing Diet and Digestion Naturally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKXDxHLttqI

Maybe it's not allergies - natural tip on respiratory heath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4W8g1wg4M_c

Natural Health Tips for Headaches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f56qlt3HAb0

Nature's Healing  Live Webinars in 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-dEc_hthb4

Patients Often Asked, Do You needle Yourself - insights on Acupuncture
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0_gs6jXUbc

Practice a positive mindset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LSDnin5Kns

Program Overview - 4 Seasons Chi Kung Program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RebtDY-3Elg

Seasonal Affective Disorder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PewEU3M6YIQ

Self care tip for stress and low back pain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liFM4seF6CE

Self care tip on posture and low back pain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-aqzVgMlqY

Self care tip on weight gain and low back pain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Obp1H7HCIFc

self-care tip on hot vs cold therapies for low back pain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ca0cyLlv_Ss

Whoville Toys Song - a Carlow and Davidson Original
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qmpsktY8SE

Winter Tai Chi Set for Fun 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29Jvt1Ty3Wo
Christopher Carlow - Videos