
Ain't Gonna Hurt Nobody - Brick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mb6lomFxpig&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Al Green - For The Good Times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2IpoTKnDPw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Al Green - Let's Stay Together (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXx6RDzR6eM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Al Green - Let's Stay Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COiIC3A0ROM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Al Green - Love and Happiness (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQl54ozhwZg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Al Green - Simply Beautiful
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOxFl4dna3o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Al Green - Tired of Being Alone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tdw7kxD8eUc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Al green-How Can You Mend A Broken Heart.wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgAFcvIw8J4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Barry White - Can't Get Enough Of Your Love Baby.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0I6mhZ5wMw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Barry White - I've Got So Much to Give (1973) - 04. I've Got So Much to Give
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVF_H21yg9E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Bee Gees - How Deep Is Your Love (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpqqjU7u5Yc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Bee Gees - Too Much Heaven (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nREV8bQJ1MA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Betcha By Golly Wow- Stylistics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alvEUFJtMw8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Billy Stewart - Sitting In The Park
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3O1RT392fY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Bobby Caldwell - What You Won't Do For Love (Slayd5000)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NQ-Bk63Hs8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Cameo - Sparkle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94wBYL-SbR0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Cause I Love You - Lenny Williams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbzkwLWK-Ps&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Chaka Khan and Rufus - Tell me something Good (RE-MASTERED) Official Video HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cm_cFzVAoo8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Commodores - Sail On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg-ivWxy5KE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

DeBarge - I Like It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqaKisKIyUo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Delegation - Oh Honey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbMzoSVKp1Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Earth, Wind & Fire - After The Love Has Gone (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUCLNPOjPZw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Easy - The Commodores
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XcTyEKSnYg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Enchantment - It's You That I Need
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgF7Q48Kn9M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Etta James - I'd Rather Go Blind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9sq3ME0JHQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Freddie Jackson-You Are My Lady
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqDkK1K5k4Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

GQ-I do love you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOKq1VmEbtc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

GROOVE WITH YOU - Isley Brothers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-uqxiE_qYc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

I Miss You  - Harold Melvin And The Bluenotes - [ LYRICS ]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ey2JUUrBFs8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

If You Don't Know Me By Now - Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbaSh8i5eyE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Isley Brothers- Living for the Love of you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMdBs7uTLHw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

L.T.D.-love ballad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZHgUQqiWDI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

L.T.D.-We Both Deserve each Other's Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy3FBYE9KDQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Ladies Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVWqSWmzgYA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Leroy Hutson So In Love With You..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbIqdjEyrcA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

ll never love this way again - Dionne Warwick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtI-tKqDmqU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Luther Ingram - If lovin you is wrong i don't wanna be right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWAUCVbnDUg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Michael Jackson - Off The Wall - I Can't Help It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnhWML43NI8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

MISTY BLUE DOROTHY MOORE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMONGMDEerI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Money - Pink Floyd + Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkhX5W7JoWI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Neither One Of Us Gladys Knight and the Pips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_Lh4MFiw08&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

O'Jays - Cry Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9yRGwRQ1xU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Peabo Bryson - I'm So Into You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-MEM_NP9n0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Player - Baby Come Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn-enjcgV1o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Rose Royce - I Wanna Get Next To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EO1nfSCKrU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Rose Royce - Love don't live here anymore 1978
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5gFAiPJhvI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Silly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpujKn_rc5M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Smokey Robinson - The Agony And The Ecstasy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMA2pDXZGOI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Smokey Robinson – Cruisin' [Official Lyric Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gx77P0VH6FA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Staple Singers - Let's Do It Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIS4P8xbPtg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Stevie Wonder - As
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYQfWJNWe3I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Stevie Wonder - Higher Ground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wZ3ZG_Wams&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Stevie Wonder - I Wish (the original version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYKYka-PNt0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Stevie Wonder - Sir Duke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sIjSNTS7Fs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Stevie Wonder-Isn't She Lovely Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVvkjuEAwgU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Strawberry Letter 23 - The Brothers Johnson ( 12 Extended )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-ipH9Ws-zs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Switch - I Call Your Name
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeUG-xWj1IQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Switch - There'll never be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLKkkOoszAA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Teddy Pendergrass - Close The Door (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DJk7h6uLZw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Teddy Pendergrass - Come go with me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzYM01Smsug&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Brothers Johnson-I'll Be Good To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4FCs4p9oqA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Chi-lites Have you seen her
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVYxKRXDT2I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Commodores-Brick House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrBx6mAWYPU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Floaters - Float On  -  HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZklwTGZutc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

the floaters - float on
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT_9OUvmb5I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Fuzz - I Love You For All Seasons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ogf0PjQgV8k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Isley Brothers - Make Me Say it Again girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHH_EMeRjGA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Persuaders - Thin Line between Love & Hate - Video (High Quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULuHJgCos7A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Police - Roxanne
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T1c7GkzRQQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Spinners - Could It Be I'm Falling In Love (1973) (HDTV)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EU4UTDrSwQc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Spinners-Working my way back to you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TY_AlrfB3U0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Stylistics-You make me feel brand new
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJm51jsRoo0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Sytlistics - Break Up to Make Up (Official Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCfgAZUWEb0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Temptations - Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5Z9-QCmZyw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

The Whispers - And the Beat Goes On (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slldMEPvUqA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

This Masquerade - George Benson (1976)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-ibK5L2a4I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Todd Rundgren - Hello It's Me  (1972)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLeCB7Kn-VE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

WAR - All Day Music (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coHUt4si8Oo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Whitney Houston - Greatest Love Of All (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYzlVDlE72w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Wishing on a Star
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyWfFRa4M1Y&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Would You Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo28LJ5Vwl0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

Zoom - Commodores
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPQz5nCn158&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi
70s R&B Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1970's Rhythm and Blues Songs