
1.  A message about doreen virtue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrkVCAVzjKg

2.  All Things Archangels Revisited!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pi2ZMIsb8Xc

3.  All Things Soul Contracts Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhDBE_ifDvA

4.  Ancient Aliens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DX-lMwldnmg

5.  Angel Numbers 101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GrrjNXQ8U8

6.  Angel Oracle card reading 318.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jwVz7AKzZ8

7.  Angel Oracle card reading 826.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWptzI9UTMU

8.  Angel Oracle card reading for April 1, 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZbqISPEIXA

9.  Angels and Spirit Guides.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhNYLA1XbDg

10.  Angels of abundance oracle card reading 616.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lejxdfY1gyg

11.  Angels of abundance Oracle card reading for June 22.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pJDwLV8SxU

12.  Archangel Azrael Life Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBTPsl9Kirw

13.  Archangel Michael Oracle Card Deck Reading for 722.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMSNcFxzWb4

14.  Archangel Michael Oracle card reading for the week of 629.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhJsU_k2qUE

15.  Archangel oracle card reading 25.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEvdljA_7fM

16.  Archangel Oracle card reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVEHAGz32iI

17.  Archangel Raphael Temple of Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4FfMPvIycs

18.  Are there evil spirits in the higher realms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5Zir4E67eM

19.  Are You Ready….ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4vHCJHxe2U

20.  Automatic Writing 101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GcTkbX3nLHY

21.  Automatic Writing 102.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wouGNJoqeE

22.  Believe in your own magic oracle card reading 8320.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rm5noFFWS0s

23.  Believe in your own magic oracle reading for 121320.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MnjAiuGyxE

24.  Butterfly oracle card reading 217.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vl6auNITDk

25.  Can you lose your gifts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IurtS-1nQdw

26.  Can your guides hear your thoughts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tj0u5isR1cQ

27.  Chakra Clearing Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4NNe84KUy8

28.  Chakra reading cards reading for April 4, 2021.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUiIMXkB70U

29.  Chakra Talk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tW46GdlbPSw

30.  Channeling 101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gl4wmydrb0s

31.  Channeling 102.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YzTYYo3wGZE

32.  Claim your psychic abilities!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbliT75dHpQ

33.  Clairaudience- What is it How to improve it!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymv93Vf-7Jg

34.  Clairsentience What is it How to improve it!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Us9nzd_J7z4

35.  Clairvoyance 101 Tips and Tools.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwkTiwO8mjo

36.  Crystal angels oracle card reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNM-izTVogo

37.  Crystals 101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcspkugoMxk

38.  Death and What Comes After.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6F92vQgV_s

39.  Fairies weekly oracle card reading 316.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9nVBCh_j3Y

40.  Fire Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AW03HtTQwtg

41.  Focus Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EciCivGKtnc

42.  From Intuitive Awakening Podcast The spirit guide, Virgil, answers questions from listeners..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdByqa4fybk

43.  Gaia Oracle card reading 930.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VH4Ce3AQP2U

44.  Gaia oracle reading for 2-1-21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=th6Ee7RD7l8

45.  Grounding Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjlJYtwxOi8

46.  How to Build Your Symbolic Library!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4JcmXqmWpA

47.  How to Meet Your Spirit Guide 101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVeRwBfyLZc

48.  How to pick your deck!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idgPETMszfU

49.  How to use a pendulum for divination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hu1lSEkEaSQ

50.  Indigo Angel Oracle Card Reading 842019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EXIGe4Mqls

51.  Indigo angel Oracle card reading for September 13.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIUpDrGDuic

52.  Intuitive Awakening Podcast Clairaudience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3me06NFmQY

53.  Isis oracle card reading for 1421.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJ-KZn8SsCI

54.  Linesrtrider Tarot Weekly Reading for 5320.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JuJg8Ar1zqM

55.  Live Event- Awakening the Psychic Self A Christian Perspective.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-aN9AqHmo8

56.  Magick of You Oracle 4-26-20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwoIjrWdqhk

57.  Magick of you oracle card reading 1027.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3tXmk7GQpk

58.  Mary Queen of Angels oracle card reading 4.26.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhRw_4t6jy0

59.  Meditation Symbols.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrG7_XTDrT4

60.  Messages from the guides oracle card reading 32.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TY8EtUi-Fo

61.  Moonology oracle card reading 111520.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dFWjY9nn1g

62.  Moonology oracle card reading 1118.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvjR6dXXVp0

63.  Moonology oracle card reading for 12521.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCgTsKjl0X8

64.  Mother Mary Oracle Card Reading 728.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yk4pQWkUuM8

65.  Mystic Marriage Meditation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMGpv1o-tpo

66.  Mystical healing reading for 11121.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exx3Zr-Kn9c

67.  Numerology oracle card 39.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LACDzd3Ljis

68.  Numerology oracle card reading 210.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tZJCcKz2I0

69.  Numerology oracle card reading 923.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUHpCGL2EGQ

70.  Numerology Oracle card reading for the week of November 1, 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bta4jKREMA0

71.  Oracle card reading 1013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1v7NSYdPBXE

72.  Oracle card reading 218.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7cdiP2i7Ic

73.  Oracle card reading 310.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XS5xrNDHobY

74.  Oracle card reading 325.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5E7CDS15mc

75.  Oracle card reading 4-28.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXnHNiAB49w

76.  Oracle card reading 415.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARwM7QlgvJA

77.  Oracle card reading 47.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFXUsBSD_6I

78.  Oracle card reading 623.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Upu4o7SidE

79.  Oracle card reading 69.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3zV5btOuwk

80.  Oracle card Reading 915.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXwF3vRKYow

81.  Oracle card reading 98.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbLlSEYIEto

82.  Oracle card reading for 12-16.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_3aR4Lgc2E

83.  Oracle card reading for 56.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MYH_fqTTbY

84.  Oracle Card reading for the week of 72720.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBtj2VysOaI

85.  Oracle card reading for the week of July 15.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAmsNccZeR0

86.  Ouija boards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6nvV_AM-xY

87.  Parallel Realities, Starseeds, and the Mandala Effect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQjUFfSH1Yo

88.  Peace oracle card reading for 22121.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVOVoSsb3-o

89.  Power animal oracle card reading 121.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WivHqPJl8OU

90.  Power animal oracle reading 214.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wGBcM43Nv_8

91.  Pyramid of Light Meditation Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9-96KoOytM

92.  Pyramid of Light Meditation Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uRnLttShlc

93.  Queen of the moon Oracle 62.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1Vp4XoO538

94.  Queen of the moon oracle reading 5-11-20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHI2ouGQmwY

95.  Race and light beings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JenLqrb1hek

96.  Rebel deck oracle card reading 520.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGc0U4-0erg

97.  Return of spirit oracle card reading 1110.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faQcHft58Os

98.  Return of Spirit oracle reading for 9.6.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIALJjuT0FI

99.  Return of Spirit Oracle reading for the week of May 25, 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkPD9fX8AkE

100.  Return to Spirit Oracle card reading 127.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0iGM-kg3JeY

101.  Return to spirit oracle card reading 526.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E14jSn3QpM0

102.  Return to spirit oracle card reading 77.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1REAzfFFoo

103.  Rhythmic Breathing for Channeling Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xmFMCXBIoI

104.  Rhythmic Breathing For Channeling Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ub4_tc8KG10

105.  Rhythmic Breathing for Channeling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vJB2ctmWHM

106.  Sacred Earth Oracle reading for 5.9.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pp0l9OY6SI

107.  Sacred Traveler Oracle Card Reading 9.20.20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJH-FmF77C0

108.  Sacred traveler oracle card reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIFEvaFcA7M

109.  Seasons of the Witch oracle reading for 28.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3SQDrnjvVs

110.  Should we spend our lives totally seeking the light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OS-TCpBAXhM

111.  Sleep paralysis. What is it.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjNjkIj40s4

112.  Soul Contracts Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfvPEhUeug0

113.  Spirit Guide Meditation Extended Version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Pbbg6Hp6LM

114.  Spirit guides vs. ancestors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Sqq8J2khA0

115.  Spirit messages Oracle card reading for April 20, 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Qg0GX4x-8E

116.  Spirit oracle card reading 3.17.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmvG4tmWJQI

117.  Spirit oracle card reading.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuRGFUAyxRY

118.  Spirit Oracle reading 819.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94l2EL5VPzM

119.  Spirituality, Spiritual Bypassing, and Spiritual Responsibility.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VlJfIYf7EK8

120.  Starting Your Journey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMAN0nkDD6U

121.  Tarot of Mystical Moments reading 524.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=562pLUb4hdc

122.  The Angel Guide oracle reading for 6.13.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsnvISgW6nI

123.  The Crow Tarot reading for 11-9-20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_x7QnhC2lc

124.  The Crystal Mandala Oracle card reading for 518.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7e1WrT_e-w

125.  The Dark Goddess Tarot reading for 3.1.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjZw9gSJcLA

126.  The elemental Oracle card reading for November 22.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpI7Y1rvJ7g

127.  The Game Of Life and How to Play It..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHi2v_YSybo

128.  The Goddess Dream Oracle reading for 4.11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D86gI2sTL7Y

129.  The Golden Key.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-V19ue2JzVw

130.  The Law of Balance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61wR6s64Zq0

131.  The Law of Use.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9W67dNQGY4

132.  The Law of Vibration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKIMVDZ5fLw

133.  The Lightworker Oracle reading for 11821.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMyzkNshOn4

134.  The Magdalene Oracle reading 122120.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7G1W3-KFRPA

135.  The magick of you oracle card reading for 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3F3f0E0L82U

136.  The Mental Equivalent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnbuBmBY3Lg

137.  The priestess of light Oracle card reading for 53.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RLEkXkpOqRY

138.  The Secret language of light Oracle card reading 114.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oM1dLdLSHUQ

139.  The secret language of light Oracle card reading for April 13, 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpAsx16Gw8U

140.  The souls journey oracle card reading for 113.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoOS9k4l2lI

141.  The spirit messages by Jon Holland Oracle card reading for July 19, 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsQtaCZzAas

142.  The spirit messages Oracle card reading for the week of  February 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQfMaTC2zMU

143.  The spirit oracle reading for 12720.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5rgpgNatSU

144.  The Voyager Tarot Reading 61520.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3eVEp6GkqTk

145.  The wisdom of Avalon Oracle card reading for August 30, 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_aq3jnDyH8

146.  Vintage wisdom oracle card reading 16.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbgNp2_hAoI

147.  Weekly oracle card reading for 10-25-20.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1vfBehRbGc

148.  Weekly Oracle card reading for May 13, 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGMsDxbwCGg

149.  What are Demons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQLEsvH3xWk

150.  Whispers of Healing oracle reading for 6.5.21.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRCsjgyjMTg

151.  Wisdom of Avalon Oracle card reading for the first week of July.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzSJxj3me2Q

152.  Wisdom of the house of night Oracle card reading for 627.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3TqXoDifFw

153.  Work your Light oracle card reading for 1129.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d0INHBwkU0

154.  Work Your Light Oracle card reading for the week of 65.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T_nGW1nfMcU
All Things Spiritual - Videos