
5 Food Innovations We Desperately Need.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sunrqnbXPec&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

A Better Kind of Selfie Stick Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nj-CarSGo-4&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

ABC CEO No More Racist Shows  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slT5WcWNq_s&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Adam Ruins Everything Corrects ITSELF!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ijI_kGG1eg&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

All-Nighter Perpetual Motion Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFtrn4vvTkk&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Are You Asian Enough.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVR3B01NxiM&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Ask CH What’s The Craziest Thing You Did To Save Money In College.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShLxqViB96E&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Bizarre Amazon Product Reviews 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkuDpfiDPYs&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Bizarre Amazon Product Reviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYSxFOfrMqo&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Couples Treat Single Friends Like Toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qlKzgZ7ZAc&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Defender of the Basic  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1mbbYKPpHY&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Do You Really Need Everything in that Backpack  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRSsa2o6PDQ&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Every Beauty Vlogger Ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36jPIdNntcw&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Every Day is a Holiday on Twitter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wvy5Ci2EQoM&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Every Dumb Start-Up Ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJ8HVWAOTEk&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Every Tech Commercial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xz5Tx7hNR64&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Everything Wrong with Trendy Restaurants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvsWibR_nsk&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Hair Dye for a Single Gray Hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7AD3StK5x0k&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Health Science Is Bullsht.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xtnH0fxDUg&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Hip Bathroom Signs Are The Worst.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Um5nBSFYb30&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Honest Camping Trip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpfZYO8yHWE&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Honest Game Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWaeFHi80ZQ&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Honest Road Trip  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFWudk6aIuU&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

How Tall Is Grant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXi_rvD6r10&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

How to Braid Your Hair Like in Game of Thrones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xXPcq6pokM&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

How to Cut Your Own Bangs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-E49HI4I47E&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

How to Fill an Awkward Amount of Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDDDJC3AYtA&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

How to Plan a Wedding in 10 Steps (The Honest Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBTpRaws5ts&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

How To Turn Your Couples’ Costume Into a Singles’ Costume.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQbBHIh_wUE&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

If Google Was A Guy (Full Series).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cxqca4RQd_M&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

If Google Was A Guy (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B759dzymyoc&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

If Google Was A Guy (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJD1Iwy5lUY&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

If Google Was A Guy (Part 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANzNCpsXrK4&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

If Google Was A Guy (Part 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ze87zQFSak&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

If Google Was A Guy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuOBzWF0Aws&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

If Internet Ads Were Salesmen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KbKdKcGJ4tM&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Instagram Art Show  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAJDrWVyOoA&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Is Grant Keith from Buzzfeed  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxJJ2LBI604&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

It’s Technically a Meal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kk4EC6-YFbs&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

JUUL CEO No More Advertising to Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2POq39ce_5I&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Lie Detector  Game Changer [Full Episode].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8x-xoDeJsQ&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Maybe THIS Stupid Thing Will Fix My Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Lnrj1jZG7I&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

My Box of Bullsht Came!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOIj2D6ylOM&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

New iPhones are Like New Girlfriends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kf8y4x9nT94&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Remembering Someone by Their Facebook Posts  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qjU_wPyv4E&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Shopping for a New Version of You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlCVRlC-Ukc&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Shopping For Groceries Like You're Not Single.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WxhkUGbxeQ&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Someone Is Leaking CollegeHumor's Secrets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U17yQrEAmEk&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Stressagains The Restaurant for Stress-Eating.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiUK9fRboD0&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

The App That Does Everything... Poorly!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOtgF3eCn-Y&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

The CH Cast’s Favorite Sketches of 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9sdmJ08gz8o&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

The Girl With a Birthday Month.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fploN6Kgcvo&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

The Internet Goes Trick-or-Treating.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LU9vXfnh9Hs&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

The Most Intimate Step in a Relationship  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNBp0hev17Y&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

The Relationship Simulator Bed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9oZwgD9RYU&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

These Incriminating Photos Look Amazing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xB-0BWbtbpw&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

This Drink is Embarrassing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2auQ27XuPwY&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

This True Crime Documentary Will Make Me Famous.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUNxOfoLnxk&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Tide CEO You Gotta Stop Eating Tide Pods  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFKQ7GflRkk&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Tinder Profile Picture Day 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RMU8SJukEc&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Tinder Profile Picture Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jj0ZXXKXitI&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Tumblr CEO No More Porn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtUuab1Aqg0&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Wait Is This Video BRANDED!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHkheN5ARK8&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Well, well, well. Late For Work Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vw_FSlpo9KI&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

What Happens When You Become An Aunt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmXNnizCLyw&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

What if Your Childhood Wish Came True (Ask CH).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrOVPcwgzVQ&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

What's Inside Bernie Sanders' Pockets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbXF9WtPGaY&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

When You Don’t Recognize a Friend Request.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzprnDqPt6w&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

When Your Facebook Thread Gets Hijacked.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYkbijdS6DQ&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Why It Sucks When Your Friend Becomes Successful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYqDolqnwDE&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Wow, Everyone’s Flirting With Ally.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkkwUItD-fo&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

You Don't Actually Need a Menu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5oL4QKb6Sk&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Your Contacts List is a Mess  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ukWuWPyRLo&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Your Favorite Shameful Flavors As Chips!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBWOtZL_dug&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Your Friend Who Lives Too Far Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wI_mN-8qpI&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4

Your Girlfriend's Six Friends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8Y2zAj9moY&list=PL0Q5J6hpWnuattfs2T0ve9efgvxJr5-E4
Best of College Humor