
Math 12   Sec 13.4 The Rectangular Hyperbola
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_17M5gWwrA

Math 12   Sec 13.4 Writing the Equation of the Asymptotes and the Hyperbola
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWGRzLPqo84

Math 12 - Sec 1.1 Horizontal and Vertical Translations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkbgzdlD43A

Math 12 - Sec 1.2 Reflections
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zS5HiTVTl4Y

Math 12 - Sec 1.2 Stretches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6u1k6wXMp5s

Math 12 - Sec 1.3 Combining Transformations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lckW_cXqWPc

Math 12 - Sec 1.4 Inverse of a Relation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YAdbQNz2y4

Math 12 - Sec 1.5 Absolute Value
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLWtGMeQJFQ

Math 12 - Sec 1.6 Reciprocal Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEdVXiVrBXo

Math 12 - Sec 10.1 Sums and Differences of Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOgLxYD9bNY

Math 12 - Sec 10.2 Products and Quotients of Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByzHtBcO5ak

Math 12 - Sec 10.3 Composite Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqPVrYFFQBo

Math 12 - Sec 11.1 Fundamental Counting Principle (1134842)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=De25cdL9LTw

Math 12 - Sec 11.1 Fundamental Counting Principle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elWnMRyIzno

Math 12 - Sec 11.1 Permutations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hq_R3F7VYpo

Math 12 - Sec 11.2 Factorials and Permutations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-6MRX6j_Ts

Math 12 - Sec 11.3 Group and Circular Permutations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaerVDFkD4o

Math 12 - Sec 11.4 Permutations of Identical Objects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZ58KwUlN2s

Math 12 - Sec 11.5 Combinations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUaTBVWGyxs

Math 12 - Sec 11.6 Binomial Theorem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3vD7wlu5YE

Math 12 - Sec 11.6 Finding a Specific Term of a Binomial Expansion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nB-IKh3bjSo

Math 12 - Sec 11.6 Pathway Problems and Pascal's Triangle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZD_ngaTWLvc

Math 12 - Sec 12.1 Probability and Sample Space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9rIvqMuMgU

Math 12 - Sec 12.2 Compound Events
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7gzSXYkF0U

Math 12 - Sec 12.3 Probability Venn Diagrams (1690189)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2yGhuSIgrA

Math 12 - Sec 12.3 Probability Venn Diagrams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2yGhuSIgrA

Math 12 - Sec 12.4 Probability and Combinatorics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oh-hDA7DnM

Math 12 - Sec 12.5 Conditional Probability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YS7q_g92pFY

Math 12 - Sec 12.6  Binomial Probabilities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSaaxWgwCnU

Math 12 - Sec 13.1 Distance, Midpoint and Conic Sections (1858405)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EF2qw-cFfog

Math 12 - Sec 13.1 Distance, Midpoint and Conic Sections
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EF2qw-cFfog

Math 12 - Sec 13.2 The Circle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gASs3_YeHDk

Math 12 - Sec 13.3 The Ellipse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TcSs6_kJ9wY

Math 12 - Sec 13.4 The Hyperbola
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYBM9W5Zqjg

Math 12 - Sec 13.5 Application with a Parabola
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbHdA926n6Q

Math 12 - Sec 13.5 The Parabola
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhhnoKliiQY

Math 12 - Sec 13.6 Applications of Conics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umbAXVhl500

Math 12 - Sec 2.1 Radical Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXyWxa5OUNA

Math 12 - Sec 2.2 Square Root of a Function Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VYCtnXn-q0

Math 12 - Sec 2.2 Square Root of a Function Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_cgBM-xxCs

Math 12 - Sec 2.3 Solving Radical Equations Graphically and Algebraically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVvMW1pFh2Y

Math 12 - Sec 2.3 Solving Radical Equations Graphically
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4EAYfvlJEE

Math 12 - Sec 3.1 Polynomial Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIamd7V_RPM

Math 12 - Sec 3.2 Long Division Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPqUTNyVjaU

Math 12 - Sec 3.2 Synthetic Division and Remainder Theorem Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P98-L4KMgNY

Math 12 - Sec 3.3 The Factor Theorem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVcHddQEbPk

Math 12 - Sec 3.4 Equations and Graphs of Polynomial Functions Part 1`
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAHbK_VTB0w

Math 12 - Sec 3.4 Graphing Polynomial Functions (1931919)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yGzUhomxks

Math 12 - Sec 3.4 Graphing Polynomial Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfjl5GtTmZk

Math 12 - Sec 3.4 Multiplicity Examples
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMLCElWBGM0

Math 12 - Sec 3.4 Solving Polynomial Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9RzF-E4O-64

Math 12 - Sec 3.4 Zero of Multiplicity and Writing Polynomial Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioSShHzr6yg

Math 12 - Sec 3.5 Polynomial Inequalities in One Variable
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqTKI-ppvIQ

Math 12 - Sec 4.1 Angles and Angular Measure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzoFTY72VH4

Math 12 - Sec 4.1 Coterminal Angles and Arc Length
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VT-0Kw-pWRc

Math 12 - Sec 4.2 The Unit Circle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-kJItGyolA

Math 12 - Sec 4.3 Trigonometric Ratios Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTmrUVr0aqY

Math 12 - Sec 4.3 Trigonometric Ratios Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnEb4h5cx_E

Math 12 - Sec 4.4 General Solutions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1cwADrPohU

Math 12 - Sec 4.4 Intro to Solving Trig Equations New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfTofQVybXg

Math 12 - Sec 4.4 Introduction to Trigonometric Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zd5Bg3AKkLA

Math 12 - Sec 4.4 Solving Second Degree Trig Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwoBLdBPWdU

Math 12 - Sec 5.1 Graphing Sine and Cosine Functions Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7YNC8WA-vg

Math 12 - Sec 5.1 Graphing Sine and Cosine Functions Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sK8o8VtXc4E

Math 12 - Sec 5.4 Equations and Graphs of Trigonometric Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JdPXWmzupt4

Math 12 - Sec 5.4 The Tangent Function Example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2Dg3wXgJzE

Math 12 - Sec 5.4 The Tangent Function
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6J272vWUuo

Math 12 - Sec 5.5 Graphing Reciprocal Trig Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEYumzlxzNo

Math 12 - Sec 6 1 Proving Identity Examples with Reciprocal, Quotient and Pythagorean Identities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZC14YY8lCoo

Math 12 - Sec 6.1 Reciprocal, Quotient and Pythagorean Identities New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B88617DUfO0

Math 12 - Sec 6.1 Reciprocal, Quotient and Pythagorean Identities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpoczStlR38

Math 12 - Sec 6.2 Sum, Difference, and Double-Angle Identities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0coryJLYfE

Math 12 - Sec 6.3 Proving Identities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ECyxVxuZvQ

Math 12 - Sec 6.4 Solving Trigonometric Equations using Identities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6I_PclCLy7A

Math 12 - Sec 7.1 Characterisics of Exponential Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HYXeeUXH3M

Math 12 - Sec 7.2 Transformations of Exponential Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8OS_NA5yWc

Math 12 - Sec 7.3 Solving Exponential Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCK9wPe7XTc

Math 12 - Sec 7.3 Solving Growth and Decay Problems with a common base and Compound Interest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lchV0Byblos

Math 12 - Sec 8.1 Understanding Logarithmic Graphs Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P72_CV9NoTA

Math 12 - Sec 8.1 Understanding Logarithmic Graphs Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTYeYVlxeto

Math 12 - Sec 8.1 Understanding Logarithms Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHUEe5_msgU

Math 12 - Sec 8.1 Understanding Logarithms Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UV9bfNAeQIY

Math 12 - Sec 8.2 Inverse and Common Log Applications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIAMbmGZaWw

Math 12 - Sec 8.2 Understanding Logarithms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yECzpYRAlMs

Math 12 - Sec 8.3 Laws of Logarithms Part 1 (1537303)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkYiS_LYA6k

Math 12 - Sec 8.3 Laws of Logarithms Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YFZ2aAaTu8

Math 12 - Sec 8.3 Laws of Logarithms Part 2 (1315996)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRdvTenNN_4

Math 12 - Sec 8.3 Laws of Logarithms Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elgGZeON84k

Math 12 - Sec 8.3 Laws of Logarithms Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZc44NLdo0A

Math 12 - Sec 8.4 Change of Base Property
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwmjbQcijRU

Math 12 - Sec 8.4 Solving Exponential Equations and Applications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22r3q1n28i8

Math 12 - Sec 8.4 Solving Exponential Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVt-3C9piVM

Math 12 - Sec 8.4 Solving Logarithmic Equations (1089892)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBO-KSMwMqk

Math 12 - Sec 8.4 Solving Logarithmic Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=13__hUlh37w

Math 12 - Sec 8.5 Continuous Exponential Growth and Decay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1U8W3tHw3os

Math 12 - Sec 9.1 Comparing Rational Functions 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq64AQw9K4g

Math 12 - Sec 9.1 Graphing Rational Functions Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odV9qNct8y8

Math 12 - Sec 9.1 Graphing Rational Functions using Transformations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZ-ncPv_x-o

Math 12 - Sec 9.1 Graphing Rational Functions with Linear Numerator and Denominator 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m35T-S9UtvE

Math 12 - Sec 9.2 Non-permissble Values
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zrrJxece90

Math 12 - Sec 9.2 Point of Discontinuity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFDB08mCXy8

Math 12 - Sec 9.3 Solving Rational Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8LhRWi37To

Math 12 Sec 7.1 Characteristics of Exponential Functions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ci29ElPXeA
PreCalculus 12