
262217.  Best Animal Fails of 2020  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6g5qS52Gtw&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262219.  Best Fails I Had With My Friends (2020)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-7sin5Bdt8&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262222.  Best Fails of the Year (So Far)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZ_9KTAg1Yo&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262226.  BEST FAILS OF THE YEAR (So Far) 2021  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNMb2YMmZI0&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262231.  Best Fails of the Year 2017 (So Far)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDhVJfEFxik&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262237.  Best Fails of the Year 2017 Part 1 (Dec 2017)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnCsZ6YaWew&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262244.  Best Pranks of the Year (2020)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FMtl_c7SL4&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262252.  Christmas Fails  Hilarious Funny Fail Videos  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZavJz9LuFVk&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262261.  Girl Fails Video Hot Mess Express Best of the Year  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkmMu_zAbt8&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262271.  Instant Karma Fails Best of the Year  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TdhYIzMlNA&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262282.  Man Can't Find Phone On His Back Top Fails of the Year  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsqAaZiAB_E&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262294.  Nerf Dart To The Eyes Top Fails of the Year  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7ROs6jeuHw&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262307.  Strangest Moments of the Year (2020)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcCnzIc7I_8&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262321.  The Best Pranks of the Year  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVe2qdppPzc&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262336.  The Top 100 Fails of the Year (2019)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JuDGFaKR-E&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262352.  Top 100 Fails of the Year (2020)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=253DiiFjVak&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262369.  Top 100 Fails of the Year Part 1 (2019)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5dhkgMTiGg&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262387.  Top 100 Fails of the Year Part 3 (2019)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Up2VfbUVMfU&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262406.  Top 100 Fails of the Year Part 3 (2020)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgGNqdT_3WU&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262426.  Top 100 Fails of the Year Part 4 (2020)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p59yIK9utRo&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262447.  Top 100 Fails of the Year Part 5 (2020)  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVn9om-CuG8&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262469.  Top Fails of 2020 Part 1  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCchK_G_POo&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262492.  Top Fails of 2020 Part 2  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCp8LxrIxOo&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262516.  Try Not to Laugh Challenge! Funny Fails  Fails of the Week  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bf2ASh5vS-s&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

262541.  Ultimate Bad Friends Best of the Year  FailArmy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YzDROiLxpw&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz
FailArmy Best Fails of the Year