



Céline Dion - A New Day Has Come (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaGLVS5b_ZY&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=5&t=0s

Céline Dion - All By Myself (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGrLb6W5YOM&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=15&t=0s

Céline Dion - Alone (Live in Boston, 2008) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbRfapWaOKk&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=16&t=0s

Céline Dion - Falling Into You (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tWMCGRWr-Y&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=27&t=0s

Céline Dion - Goodbye's (The Saddest Word) (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4I3TxyYDcSw&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=20&t=0s

Céline Dion - Have You Ever Been In Love (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WP1kBoj2DUs&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=25&t=0s

Céline Dion - I Drove All Night (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvz_gW5C2cY&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=10&t=0s

Céline Dion - I'm Alive (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJsa6-y4sDs&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=4&t=0s

Céline Dion - If You Asked Me To (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bKuXbnGDqI&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=26&t=0s

Céline Dion - Immortality (Official Video) ft. Bee Gees CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdYaGt_sm3Q&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=14&t=0s

Céline Dion - Incredible (Official Audio) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CajRHOIFFqs&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=40&t=0s

Céline Dion - Incredible (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QvO5z5tx4ZA&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=19&t=0s

Céline Dion - It's All Coming Back to Me Now (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8fHNdrZTSI&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=35&t=0s

Céline Dion - It's All Coming Back To Me Now (short version) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oe9VB8t3m2w&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=39&t=0s

Céline Dion - It's All Coming Back To Me Now CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDxoj-tDDIU&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=7&t=0s

Céline Dion - Je ne vous oublie pas (VIDEO for DVD) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ym0AxpMdtFQ&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=30&t=0s

Céline Dion - Je sais pas (Clip officiel) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCsuKp9ewLY&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=12&t=0s

Céline Dion - Loved Me Back to Life (Official Audio) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4f5KuRXtjeE&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=17&t=0s

Céline Dion - On ne change pas (VIDEO) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tOsUgwBgko&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=21&t=0s

Céline Dion - Parler à mon père (Clip officiel) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LTsjwiTN7w&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=9&t=0s

Céline Dion - Pour que tu m'aimes encore (Clip officiel) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzaTyxMduH4&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=8&t=0s

Céline Dion - Somebody Loves Somebody (Official Audio) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLxRD-nmP1E&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=36&t=0s

Céline Dion - Taking Chances (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKYKNZvQ6Jc&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=18&t=0s

Céline Dion - That's The Way It Is (Official Music Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6wbugWrfLU&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=3&t=0s

Céline Dion - The Power Of Love (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8HOfcYWZoo&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=6&t=0s

Céline Dion - Then You Look At Me (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYjqojwp2hQ&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=38&t=0s

Céline Dion - Think Twice (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGwIaL0jOUg&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=22&t=0s

Céline Dion - To Love You More (Official Audio) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLeYvefzUFA&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=23&t=0s

Céline Dion - Tout l'or des hommes (Clip officiel) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRr9v-23RH4&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=33&t=0s

Céline Dion - When I Fall In Love (Official Video) ft. Clive Griffin CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUTH1plKYhw&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=28&t=0s

Céline Dion - Where Does My Heart Beat Now (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hij_QxDkIJI&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=34&t=0s

Céline Dion - You And I (Official Video) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-svA2ca6FY&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=29&t=0s

Céline Dion - Ziggy (Un Garçon Pas Comme les Autres) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZXJijki9ik&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=37&t=0s

Céline Dion, Anastacia - You Shook Me All Night Long (Live) CelineDion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1niTEkP-6eo&list=PLLDCKiRk5ONANAgjb2j7mopnJf_LhL-JF&index=32&t=0s
Celine Dion