
1.  25 kilos of halva - Boris and Anatoli cooking special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44kqiL1iwhI

2.  7 LAZY WAYS TO MAKE INSTANT NOODLES - budget living.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9X8VJvoo6y0

3.  Anatoli, slav mead specialist - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2UdBymDjwk

4.  Babushka's TOP SECRET Christmas pork recipe - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuxQIScZbfw

5.  Basic cooking tutorial with Boris - Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJr4h0K2yQc

6.  Birthday cooking with Soviet waffle iron.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPLJnobY5f4

7.  Boris cooking with AMERICAN MEASUREMENTS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm3XD1dgy5A

8.  CABBAGE ROLLS - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITauJk1PpO0

9.  Cheap vs expensive shashlik - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ESBMQ8YH38

10.  Cheeki Breeki Chebureki (????????) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9NEXPoepO4

11.  Chicken kotlet of Kiev - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFgOC2AHn_8

12.  Chocolate sausage with Anatoli - The Slav budget dessert - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7FjxS_cWmM

13.  Condensed milk pancakes  Boris special blins (20K subs special).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPbJK_L0ms0

14.  Cooking basics part 2 - The bay leaf!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DP2tYnlhA98

15.  Cooking goulash for whole crew.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLq-67LEjxA

16.  Cooking pork rinds and potato for whole family - Welcome home (6 year milestone).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gi7F1SvM3Mk

17.  Cooking with chainsaw.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyj8Qa79bWY

18.  Cooking with splitting axe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xluGmpOanLs

19.  Cooking with what you have - End of month special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov6-wfN0I7s

20.  End of month Ukha - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3yOOc47n9E

21.  Frankenblin, the Hungarian pancake - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Lyp_EJOZHc

22.  Hatchet Soup - a slav fairytale about cooking (stone soup).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxgWp0J_vbk

23.  Herring under fur coat (??????? ??? ?????) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2df9l3o2gtQ

24.  HOW NOT TO MAKE CHEESE - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jrPg34NekM

25.  How to cure cold - slavic style.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIKzN0N__Lk

26.  How to make Babushka's Strawberry Jam - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH_K-VbGvVI

27.  How to make black bread.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTGT2P-zsGg

28.  How to make blin - Russian pancakes recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UOowIxfX88

29.  How to make borsch soup like a slav (Borscht recipe) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RjawJ8LImM

30.  How to make Doctor's sausage - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5KBuawg-xw

31.  How to make dried bread.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qtgsqxmz-ew

32.  How to make Gopnik Beer - Homemade beer making with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBc0K_7LQpk

33.  How to make Halva - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qr3wsPaES9o

34.  How to make KISSEL like babushka (??????) - Russian Kissel cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pVT5VE21bU

35.  How to make kompot - Slav recipe with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZk6wXCMCY

36.  How to make Kvass - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1UTJKBMvgc

37.  How to make mayonez - Boris mayonnaise recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saU3_xJJrCg

38.  How to make mayonez ice cream (mayonnaise ice cream).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6vteMXhUE0

39.  How to make Pavlova cake to get free food - cooking life hack with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFFTbtqx5Mg

40.  How to make Russian cheese (??????? ???) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77OY9kKcFgY

41.  How to make Russian pelmeni - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YO7AdLsUSec

42.  How to make shashlik like a Slav (Shashlyk recipe) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mH34yui51c

43.  How to prepare Samovar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVYIMtyzqms

44.  How to Slav Your Spanish Food - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=av6cK67O-Jk

45.  I tried making Baklava.. accidentally made THICCLAVA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gEVnBnhWwg

46.  Kefir bread and condensed milk - Low budget cooking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfQLbit8pbs

47.  LET'S BAKE CAKE - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un-U3rHBbcE

48.  LET'S MAKE SOUP - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzIT6oQp6SM

49.  MAKE KOTLET - Russian meat cutlets recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVUagOO_53g

50.  MAKE SYRNIK AT VADIM'S PLACE - Russian Syrniki simple recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zI4_hMYQEg

51.  making imaginary cake - the Slav Souffle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GeUsEZN-SY

52.  Making Mead with Anatoli - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9aj1UTchuo

53.  Making zefir by hand (?????) - cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4NJ02dEl8c

54.  Mayonez ice cream but is 1920s silent film.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXfIHUVBp2A

55.  Mayonez Muffins with Anatoli (Vidme version) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHARWuhl2o0

56.  Medovik cake (???????) - Advanced cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrmhORG8cYc

57.  OKROSHKA with Kvass (Russian cold soup) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifE7gDiLDbE

58.  PLOV (student edition) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbdQzjaevXQ

59.  PLUM IN POTATO - Knedle recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTAtfFesFG0

60.  POTATO PEEL RECIPES ???? - budget cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_e4kCtJIHA

61.  Russian holiday feast - Cooking Kulebyaka with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9iTJuK0570

62.  Russian potato salad with ANATOLI (????? ??????).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpXanUgokx0

63.  Russian Solyanka saves lives - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSRUz88x6BI

64.  Slav snacks - Slav party tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjgul0TDvRg

65.  Soviet Meat Jelly (???????) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwbnzEJSbRg

66.  Soviet style piroshki (???????) with Komrade Kat - Christmas special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YQKUFWzmwo

67.  STROGANOFF for one - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDybFLoOcGg

68.  SURVIVAL ROUND - How to survive 4 weeks on 50€ ($60).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKfmRhfuI8g

69.  The Real Garlic Bread - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yIBVl-Z8aGk

70.  The Slavic Hamburger - TOP 5 Buterbrod Recipes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0KcoZhG3oE

71.  TOP 5 very low budget recipes - Meals under 1 Euro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvKQNLdMr48

72.  Triple French Pork with Svetlana - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRGpCAYGkEI

73.  TSAR'S BLINS WITH CAVIAR - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9DGDCqXUek
COOKING  Life of Boris