
#1.1 Why Linux (Linux ???? ???? tutorial)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8STJnGZPLQ

10 Linux Terminal Commands for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpTfQ-q6MPU

10 Reasons why Linux is Better Than MacOS or Windows (1106047)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qH3v41JmyIg

10 Reasons why Linux is Better Than MacOS or Windows (1223455)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qH3v41JmyIg

10 Reasons why Linux is Better Than MacOS or Windows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qH3v41JmyIg

10 things you can do with Linux that you can't do with Windows (1982048)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOOkfGv58u0

10 things you can do with Linux that you can't do with Windows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOOkfGv58u0

10 Useful Websites You Wish You Knew Earlier!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWFxzpTpzOE

12 Timeless Life Hacks Everyone Should Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjdMAF4tPmc

15 Best Linux Applications that You MUST HAVE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a5cvg9XKEL8

2 Essential Gaming Utilities for Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoAxor761aY

22 Essential  Linux Commands (su, PATH, PIPING, cat, ps, bg, jobs..)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOvlsrCv3Bk

30 Days of Linux Challenge Game Development & Special Guest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jn5T8MBWSkk

30 Things to do After Installing Ubuntu 18.0420.04 LTS (all-in-one video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLVtxpm5c2A

5 Free Software That Are Actually Great!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gM8plsUfkTA

5 Raspberry Pi Gadgets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58dyE704-Z0

5 Reasons to Use Linux in 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrDPlv_8lWg

6 Mistakes New Linux Users Make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkrN4uAcDGk

6 Reasons Why I Switched from Windows to Linux (1742126)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=908BELWZBts

6 Reasons Why I Switched from Windows to Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=908BELWZBts

6 Reasons Why People Have to Use Windows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxNhPw2-Qtg

6 Things to Know When Switching to Linux from Windows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcdquhB6hT8

60 useful Linux commands in 15 minutes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfCK8OqgmSY

8 super heroic Linux commands that you probably aren't using
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zuwa8zlfXSY

A Brief History of Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sheqhcrE1gs

A Look at MX Linux 18
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Ewu5w77ZHQ

Aalto Talk with Linus Torvalds [Full-length]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MShbP3OpASA

An Introduction to Linux Mint 18.2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhHu-1glWps

Arch Linux VS Ubuntu is there a best one
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2y085_AwlTw

Ask EzeeLinux Episode 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1CQvJTfozY

Awesome Linux Tools Ulauncher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5njMWB1os8

Basic Linux -- How to Compile Software Yourself (on Ubuntu)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRQ4QBegur8

Basic Linux Commands You Need To Know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2zquYPJbWY

Basic Linux Drive Partion Schemes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71msHISl9kQ

Basic Programming Workstation Setup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4TijoJg1Cs

Beginner's Guide To Installing Linux Mint 18
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSdchGgZrMM

Beginner's Guide to Installing Linux Mint 19
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0AFuhVSvEk

Beginner's Guide to the Bash Terminal (1171629)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxuRxtrO2Ag

Beginner's Guide to the Bash Terminal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxuRxtrO2Ag

Best Linux Distros  Tips For Choosing The Right Linux Desktop For You (1142967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQKC_1efdXs

Best Linux Distros  Tips For Choosing The Right Linux Desktop For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQKC_1efdXs

Best Thing I've Discovered Using Linux! (After One Month)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCWwqJYvWlI

C Programming Tutorial 17 - Vim Basics - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3X4cJchnkA

Can Linux Bring Life to Old Hardware
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPvC9MvPs-s

Chasing Perfection - My Top 5 Distros of 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BO1jfbdfKIU

CHFI & Digital Forensics Tutorial [Part 1] - Basics & FTK IMAGER Lab
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3z3Iau04gt8

cisco packet tracer simulating a simple network
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZoZJg9vdDI

Coding On An iPad Air (2020)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vA1ss2xz5GU

Comparing Linux Phones Librem 5 and Pinephone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaNzPooIWsU

Customizing Your Terminal  Linux Terminal Beautification
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaXQdyHRL8M

Das Jahr des Linux Desktops! HiDPI Showdown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sqg0qdQ7m7Q

Database as Filesystem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wN6IwNriwHc

DebConf 14 QA with Linus Torvalds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PmHRSeA2c8

DEEP WEB SECURITY - Linux, TOR, Tails and QubesOS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxZJRdj2ucw

Democrats may regret standing against Trump’s border wall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdveJs40TEI

Destination Linux EP107 – Linux Laptop Envy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jicnI_xGTaI

Digital Forensic Memory Analysis - Volatility
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cs0Gc3GtfZY

Double or Triple Your Internet Speed - This Method Actually Works!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqbnjgbtDl0

Easy Beginner's Guide To Linux A Complete Introduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8ik8pDTgJE

El editor de Unity3D ya tiene soporte oficial para Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eI2b6eYyCDg

Embracing Linux Mint Week
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EAes8DDWQE

Endless OS - ????? ? ?????????. ????????? Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1QVULKKh6U

EVERYONE needs to learn LINUX - ft. Raspberry Pi 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9YxTXDiiFY

Feature Complete - Linux Mint 19.1 Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkmiXaO2vmk

Four Reasons I No Longer Use Microsoft Products or Windows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLbUwGI522k

Full Arch Linux Install (SAVAGE Edition!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PBqpX0_UOc

Gaming on Linux - With WENDELL from Level1Techs!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsgI1mkx6iw

Get MAXIMUM online privacy and security with Noscript  How to use NoScript tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AC4ALEKZRfg

Hangout Linux Distributions That We Do Not Like!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gauJJQqQIR8

How Secure Shell Works (SSH) - Computerphile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORcvSkgdA58

How to add MULTITOUCH trackpad gestures to Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ci6YbQGx3c4

How To Clear Tracks & Logs On Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TgquV_OA-lU

How to customize your terminal & a cool alternative  Ubuntu 16.04 Tips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li92nChHpCs

How to download and install UnityUnity3d in Linuxubuntumintdebian 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqsdx7bHyaU

How to Game on Linux (1581654)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTuzToTDftE

How to Game on Linux (1896442)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTuzToTDftE

How to Game on Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTuzToTDftE

How To Install And Run Kali Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pT73r1obOhI

How to install and uninstall programs in Linux Mint Cinnimon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRkHNk825hc

how to install inkscape in linux mint 17.3 without terminal codes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBAW5JiYKjE

How To Install Printer Drivers In Ubuntu Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6n9MEarQ2ug

How to Install Unity3D on Ubuntu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHn8-UlZSLM

How to PartitionPrepare your Hard Drive to Dual-Boot Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gS5SoogltE

How to Run Linux on Old Slow Computers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3aCdxjOySE

How To Scan For Viruses In Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNZHhopB3fI

How to Setup C++ on Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKLuvoY6U0I

How to sexy up your Ubuntu 16.04 desktop and install some applications
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSjBJ6zDJ1g

How to Write a Shell Script Linux Terminal 201 - HakTip 175 (1615529)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXbnvZTp-RY

How to Write a Shell Script Linux Terminal 201 - HakTip 175
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXbnvZTp-RY

I Tried Garuda Linux For A Week!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0c6YZSS4ZRw

I tried Pi-Hole for the first time... (DNS level Ad Blocker)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inmBhY3HgQE

Identifying Open Ports in Wireshark, HakTip 137
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi1aaEJg5YI

Install a small distribution of Linux onto a PC that is 14 years old.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPWvHnPSgxk

Installing Unity3d on Ubuntu 16.04
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fknln2Mj09Y

Introduction to Linux (1572898)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gCwCOhMcog

Introduction to Linux (1776827)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gCwCOhMcog

Introduction to Linux and Basic Linux Commands for Beginners
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVquJh3DXUA

Introduction to Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gCwCOhMcog

Is 8GB of RAM Enough In 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnuNs_Nu46Q

Is Linux an OS, a kernel or both (Linux vs GNULinux)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNeKYjWx-s4

Is Linux Better Than Windows ?? (1080751)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3n6bArDEbc

Is Linux Better Than Windows ?? (1118757)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3n6bArDEbc

Is Linux Better Than Windows ?? (1174025)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3n6bArDEbc

Is Linux Better Than Windows ?? (1265456)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3n6bArDEbc

Is Linux Better Than Windows ?? (1505753)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3n6bArDEbc

Is Linux Better Than Windows ?? (1679953)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3n6bArDEbc

Is Linux Better Than Windows ?? (1732391)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3n6bArDEbc

Is Linux Better Than Windows ?? (1847399)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3n6bArDEbc

Is Linux Better Than Windows ?? (1920941)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3n6bArDEbc

Is Linux Better Than Windows ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3n6bArDEbc

Kali Linux Hacking Networks Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1bMSPje6pw

Know How... 301 Raspberry Pi TOR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kOIXWEIYZM

Kodi 18, Firefox 65, Lutris, Linux Mint, Makulu, Alpine, Tails, Pine64  This Week in Linux 53
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-ZTLkyiVzw

LattePanda Alpha Week Linux, Benchmarks & More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5REJCaayl6Y

Launch Epic Games without Launcher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdU7hkjQuBk

Learn Python - Full Course for Beginners [Tutorial]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfscVS0vtbw

Learning the Linux File System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIXzJ3Rz9po

Linux Command Line - Directories and Files
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVH3dMWefWE

Linux command line tricks #1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvBp7tRgQV4

Linux commands  Clear your Linux Basics in 25 min for beginners (Hindi)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGjTboXjH28

Linux Desktop Roundup  A Look at Five Desktop Environments
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBz5A-fqnb4

Linux disadvantages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72EUCJdmvG0

Linux Does What Win Don't Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqLmOPap6u0

Linux Does What Win Don't! (1854680)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HD6nqQrJx78

Linux Does What Win Don't!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HD6nqQrJx78

Linux File SystemStructure Explained!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HbgzrKJvDRw

Linux for Ethical Hackers (Kali Linux Tutorial)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZAoFs75_cs

Linux is NOT Windows!  Why Windows Powerusers are so Hard to Teach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJLvyWLxrBA

Linux Kernel Development, Greg Kroah-Hartman - Git Merge 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyenmLqJQjs

Linux Mint 17.1 Cinnamon Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVGOzV-x41k

Linux Mint 19 For Windows Users
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eI7QQqnV1P8

Linux Mint 19 is Actually Awesome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrOnPXqRggk

Linux Mint 19.1 Vs Elementary OS 5.0  Which is the best Ubuntu based Linux Distro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9d8OAlcwQDM

Linux Mint 19.1 Vs Manjaro 18  Which is the Best Linux Distro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VV_gU-8RKE

Linux Mint 19.1 Vs MX Linux 18.1  Which is the best Linux Distro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ET6GVBOivkM

LINUX MINT para USUÁRIOS do WINDOWS 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hibmmQNyw58

Linux Resolution Scaling 1080p panel to 4K
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXAn_u1UfOQ

Linux Talk  Partition Schemes, Swap Space and File Fragmentation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OEidskpcC0

Linux Tip  10 Useful Linux Commands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAdR-M9H_1w

Linux Tip  Advanced Drive Partitioning Schemes for Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwqP_4vlOP4

Linux Tip  Don't Get Ripped Off!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NK5uNyTroY

Linux Tip  My Top 5 System Tools
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCAjv6DCJBQ

Linux Tip  Tweaking Linux Mint 17.2 Cinnamon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s96VSCYk8PU

Linux Tutorial For Beginners - 1  Linux Administration Tutorial  Linux Commands  Edureka (1026702)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_1zB2WNN14

Linux Tutorial For Beginners - 1  Linux Administration Tutorial  Linux Commands  Edureka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_1zB2WNN14

Linux Tutorial for Beginners Introduction to Linux Operating System (1761171)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1y-mbWM3B8

Linux Tutorial for Beginners Introduction to Linux Operating System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1y-mbWM3B8

Linux Ubuntu Tutorials for Beginners 2016 Start Using Ubuntu Linux Today!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qACZ0A8jK-s

Linux vs. Windows  The Fundamental Differences
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4xA7GRmf6o

Linux Workspaces  A Feature So Good Microsoft is Copying It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iBKSynBmI8

Load Kali Linux on a Raspberry Pi 4 Model B for a Mini Hacking Computer [Tutorial]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jquf9BDm4iU

Make Your Desktop Awesome  Here is Mine!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ymx7Z19mwAU

Making a 2D game with Godot in less than an hour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQIaRSXh4ic

Making C Less Dangerous in the Linux kernel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FY9SbqTO5GQ

Microsoft Pledges to Protect and Defend Linux!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOTDikNsa5U

MOON MAGIC -  Pisces Full Moon - August 27, 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FywDxGdqy1k

Mozilla Corporation Takes Firefox Down the Wrong Road
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3y_mMYASHws

Must watch talk for beginner in Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJdV7AqJd9A

My Favorite Linux Distribution 2017 Manjaro & KDE- I'm In Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqCm_RpAVFg

My Favorite Overall Linux DE's & Distros Of 2018 - What A Year!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R42fp1TAZ9U

openSUSE is the new Ubuntu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvF83x9eTPo

Plotter no ubuntu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uC2FBmHh_6Q

Programs for Linux. Gentlemen's set. 20 programs in 7 minutes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beBKWi-4TEU

Python Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4mEzFDjqtA

Qubes OS 3.2 - part 0 - Installation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiXuYI3G0SE

Qubes OS Part 1 Overview and Features
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTOsHtyS_5k

Reviving A 12 Year Old Laptop With Linux!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nxrMY5OnQM

Running Windows Programs on Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqZDuKB949U

Ryzen Budget PC Build #4 Linux Mint Dual Boot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4zt3wEt7s8

Seven Linux Distros
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYFcTix56e8

Shell Scripting Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwrnmQumtPw

Should you use Windows 7 in 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjhjPJHxpqg

Six Reasons PCs are Better with Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ly1geVr-Xi4

Spatry's 5 Favorite Linux Distributions for Beginners 2016 (1632716)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bztcmykf0Os

Spatry's 5 Favorite Linux Distributions for Beginners 2016 (1803556)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bztcmykf0Os

Spatry's 5 Favorite Linux Distributions for Beginners 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bztcmykf0Os

Steam Link Review - A surprisingly interesting device
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mliW5zppm00

SteamOS Revisit - Valve Strikes Back!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4U93SBuK68

Stop Hating On Linux Mint!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szDHAeaqJD8

Switching from Google Photos what are the alternatives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jiz2lp5qU8

Tech Talk Linus Torvalds on git
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XpnKHJAok8

The 4 Programs I Use to Make Games Free and Open Source Software
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q77PwaFJ27A

The Complete Linux Course Beginner to Power User! (1296983)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBp0Rb-ZJak

The Complete Linux Course Beginner to Power User! (1305289)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBp0Rb-ZJak

The Complete Linux Course Beginner to Power User! (1616557)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBp0Rb-ZJak

The Complete Linux Course Beginner to Power User! (1772383)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBp0Rb-ZJak

The Complete Linux Course Beginner to Power User! (1892870)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBp0Rb-ZJak

The Complete Linux Course Beginner to Power User! (1893798)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBp0Rb-ZJak

The Complete Linux Course Beginner to Power User!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBp0Rb-ZJak

The Linux File System...for humans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFIoRLqhFpo

The mind behind Linux  Linus Torvalds (1084745)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8NPllzkFhE

The mind behind Linux  Linus Torvalds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8NPllzkFhE

The Problem with Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeuPBWssF0s

The Risks with Upgrading Ubuntu and Alternatives to Upgrading
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfgJiDmplPw

The TOP 1 LINUX DISTROS for 2019!!! ??????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bsNIdYw5Ak

The Truth About Linux (1152087)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8x_DdsJdkGw

The Truth About Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8x_DdsJdkGw

The Ultimate Linux Gaming Guide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvrft9ULvho

Top 10 free tools for digital forensic investigation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjK-JThLg_Y

Top 10 Linux Job Interview Questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0QGLMwR-lY

Top 4 Most Exciting Linux Distros For 2019! ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4EFYWvUXzk

Top 5 Linux Distros for 2018 (1069973)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFrWog8J67E

Top 5 Linux Distros for 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFrWog8J67E

Top 5 Mistakes New Linux Users Make (1935421)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MoqxphFukTQ

Top 5 Mistakes New Linux Users Make
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MoqxphFukTQ

Top 5 Reasons Why Linux isn't Popular  Linux Market Share
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJp1aPaQts0

TR 2990WX Programmers Workstation Linus Torvalds' Edition (sort of)!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvuDrrFHrhQ

Truth and Lies About VPN - The Real Purpose of a Virtual Private Network
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Ril6Eb3RCY

Tutorial Building the Simplest Possible Linux System - Rob Landley, se-instruments.com
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sk9TatW9ino

UBUNTU 14.04 VS LINUX MINT 17.1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PeM50NAC6U

Ubuntu Studio Creative Linux Distro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txVIlioe2xU

Unboxing Dell XPS 15 (2020) And Installing Linux!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsMrGGgcdrU

Unix vs Linux (1384525)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jowCUo_UGts

Unix vs Linux (1743359)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jowCUo_UGts

Unix vs Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jowCUo_UGts

Upgrade Old Computer to Chrome OS for FREE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fukOnhnnAMc

Use a Raspberry Pi to Fix Everyday Problems. Become the Office Hero!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZszlVVY1LXo

Useful Linux Applications  What You'll Need To Get Things Done
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPTTwbTNDbg

Vim Basics in 8 Minutes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggSyF1SVFr4

what is IP address and MAC address
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKM7qwP5Uj0

What is Linux (1521306)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zA3vmx0GaO8

What is Linux (1531367)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zA3vmx0GaO8

What is Linux (1671714)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zA3vmx0GaO8

What is Linux (1926260)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zA3vmx0GaO8

What is Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zA3vmx0GaO8

What Other Operating Systems Are There Besides Windows or Mac
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19gUdKaCBJE

Where GREP Came From - Computerphile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTfOnGZUZDk

Which Linux Distribution  Understanding Linux Distros (1924532)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKFnqAtEOvc

Which Linux Distribution  Understanding Linux Distros
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKFnqAtEOvc

Why I chose Manjaro Linux and a desktop tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcmZmn0HvXA

Why I hate Ubuntu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7RjWXRniA4

Why I stopped using Windows 10  2019 Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SakjTLUuF-w

Why I'm ditching Ubuntu & Linux Mint for Manjaro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHo4boZGlZ8

Why is MX Linux So Popular
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUGd99GRAfo

Why Linus Torvalds doesn't use Ubuntu or Debian (1201938)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHGTs1NSB1s

Why Linus Torvalds doesn't use Ubuntu or Debian (1591086)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHGTs1NSB1s

Why Linus Torvalds doesn't use Ubuntu or Debian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHGTs1NSB1s

Why Linux  Why Linux Mint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JE4SwkJ0Fys

Why Linux Is Better For Programming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otDOHt_Jges

Why Video Editing On Linux Is Actually Amazing! Lightworks & Kdenlive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qqmb753S664

Why You should learn linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHRmM6-TZJM

Wii running Linux (better quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oPdRIagtFE

Windows 10 - ??? ????? ???? ?????????? ????? ?????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8u0HydBuTUw

WINE 4.0, LXQt 0.14, Parrot OS, Mastodon, MythTV, Gitea, APT Vulnerability  This Week in Linux 52
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YC_h69lO_Ao

Wiretapping the Secret Service can be easy and fun  Bryan Seely  TEDxKirkland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5c6AADI7Pb4

Writing My Own Password Manager Using Python & SQL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkhyKJj28Ac

Xbox Should Take My Advice...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmWlNSaEiSk

You Must Know 20 Important Linux Commands
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLNM83KmQ0A

You Need To Encrypt Your Drives! (Seriously...)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NfvKci3WF0

Zorin OS 12 Core - Linux distro review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmB6WHGJBcc

Zorin OS Linux Installation Sensation - Krazy Ken's Tech Misadventures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJWf5h72CGc

????????? ???? ?????????? ??? ???????? ? Linux
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqD-VPhdjLY
Linux