
72187.  10 things you didn't know about orgasm  Mary Roach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jx0dTYUO5E

72189.  Brain magic  Keith Barry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GigYWy2UmOY

72192.  Do schools kill creativity  Sir Ken Robinson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iG9CE55wbtY

72196.  How great leaders inspire action  Simon Sinek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp0HIF3SfI4

72201.  How I held my breath for 17 minutes  David Blaine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFnGhrC_3Gs

72207.  How to make stress your friend  Kelly McGonigal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcGyVTAoXEU

72214.  How to speak so that people want to listen  Julian Treasure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIho2S0ZahI

72222.  How to spot a liar  Pamela Meyer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_6vDLq64gE

72231.  Looks aren't everything. Believe me, I'm a model.  Cameron Russell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KM4Xe6Dlp0Y

72241.  My stroke of insight  Jill Bolte Taylor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyyjU8fzEYU

72252.  The happy secret to better work  Shawn Achor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLJsdqxnZb0

72264.  The power of introverts  Susan Cain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0KYU2j0TM4

72277.  The power of vulnerability  Brené Brown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCvmsMzlF7o

72291.  The puzzle of motivation  Dan Pink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrkrvAUbU9Y

72306.  The surprising science of happiness  Dan Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4q1dgn_C0AU

72322.  The thrilling potential of SixthSense technology  Pranav Mistry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YrtANPtnhyg

72339.  Underwater astonishments  David Gallo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVvn8dpSAt0

72357.  Why we do what we do  Tony Robbins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cpc-t-Uwv1I

72376.  Your body language may shape who you are  Amy Cuddy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks-_Mh1QhMc

72396.  Your elusive creative genius  Elizabeth Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86x-u-tz0MA
20 most popular TED talks ever