
1.  16 Minutes Of Jason Nash Having No Self Worth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vf6GcOESc_Y&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

2.  Alex Ernst Getting MAD for 20 Minutes Straight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mh4OSQgFkFA&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

3.  ANNOYING DAVID WITH THIS SURPRISE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vr2lY9q8sfQ&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

4.  BEST DAVID DOBRIK VLOG MOMENTS - JUNE 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BZ53dYF_S8&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

5.  BEST SURPRISE HE HAS EVER GIVEN ME!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5UE0m3-XXI&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

6.  BOUGHT OUR DREAM VLOG SQUAD HOUSE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Itbm8CUdVTg&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

7.  CARD THROWING TRICK SHOTS!! (PAINFUL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMGaWauRPRg&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

8.  CHARLIE PUTH HAS AN AMAZING TALENT!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRPNw6_SfTA&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

9.  CHICKEN TENDER MUKBANG FT DAVID DOBRIK & ASSISTANT NATALIE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NROP4knYjhQ&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

10.  DAVID AND LIZA BEST MOMENTS [PUNS EDITION].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BshKMxCxxFg&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

11.  DAVID AND LIZA BEST MOMENTS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAlge7KzrPs&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

12.  David Dobrik Being Cute for 25 Minutes Straight!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9AtEDYh61o&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

13.  DAVID DOBRIK BEST VLOG MOMENTS! - APRIL 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZhY8cnNjeI&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

14.  DAVID DOBRIK BEST VLOG MOMENTS! - JUNE 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceZOv9VpcIs&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

15.  David Dobrik Vlogs - Best Moments of All Time Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngBsVUF-77M&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

16.  DAVID DOBRIK VLOGS BEST MOMENTS - AUGUST 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8SemLAu_tg&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

17.  DAVID DOBRIK VLOGS BEST MOMENTS - NOVEMBER 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJgNGbA8haw&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

18.  DAVID DOBRIK VLOGS BEST MOMENTS - OCTOBER 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03jfBsLOTGs&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

19.  DAVID DOBRIK VLOGS BEST MOMENTS - SEPTEMBER 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjXysvN1XOM&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

20.  DAVID DOBRIK VLOGS BEST MOMENTS OF 2017 (so far).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PR9qIj1HzPU&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

21.  EATING THE WORLD RECORD PIZZA!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5jZtOPKHiI&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

22.  FOUND THIS IN AN ABANDONED HOUSE!! (FREAKOUT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Il9f4tQgJig&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

23.  HE CAN GO TO JAIL FOR THIS!! CAUGHT ON CAMERA!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLJDyA4LXic&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

24.  HE GOT HIS EYEBALLS TATTOOED!!  David Dobrik.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zy0ehPP7L8c&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

25.  HE HOOKED UP WITH HER MOM!! (LIVE FOOTAGE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3Wt857We3E&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

26.  HE'S BEEN WANTING THIS FOREVER!! (SURPRISE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osGVeZsmezI&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

27.  HEATH AND ZANE BEST MOMENTS ALL IN ONE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mPYgrCnEgI&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

28.  Heath Hussar Best Moments of All Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X90UUpZlZ0A&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

29.  HOW TO GET 13 PIZZAS FOR FREE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvtxF0tFbOQ&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

30.  HOW TO LOOK LIKE YOU'RE SKINNY LIFE HACK!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MsSelASX39k&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

31.  IF YOU LAUGH YOU LOSE!! - Vlog Edition!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-aaLiX2NLE&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

32.  JASON NASH BEST MOMENTS  [PART 1].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUeYGRrUnyQ&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

33.  JASON NASH BEST MOMENTS  [PART 2].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ol_ZmiO2Xwc&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

34.  JASON NASH BEST MOMENTS - CARMELITA EDITION  [PART 2].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dstHh4x7VI0&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

35.  JASON NASH BEST MOMENTS - CARMELITA EDITION [PART 1].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAkfpQFwX7M&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

36.  JASON NASH BEST MOMENTS ALL IN ONE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_AdN4XBIMY&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

37.  Liza Koshy Best Moments - David Dobrik Vlogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WtMwpY8BPYw&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

38.  LIZA KOSHY BEST MOMENTS EVER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ru5XFJUIDeA&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

39.  LIZA KOSHY BEST MOMENTS HILARIOUS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZTkyZ5VHCk&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

40.  MAKE ME LAUGH CHALLENGE (ft. Heath Hussar, Zane Hijazi, Scottysire).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_b3bg4LQFMQ&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

41.  MY WORST IDEA YET!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgtQ_4n1oeA&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

42.  POLICE PULLED GUN ON US!! (PRANK GONE WRONG).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5g2WHsbIeGI&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

43.  REACTING TO THE FUNNIEST TIKTOKS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ScOMNgwxplU&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

44.  Seat Geek Buying the Vlog Squad Expensive Things for 40 Minutes!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_b1_9Si33Zo&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

45.  SINGING TO STRANGERS WITH CHARLIE PUTH!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cl4Fv61rBxw&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

46.  SLIP N SLIDE IN BACK OF MOVING TRUCK!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bav1DzAnitc&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

47.  SURPRISE MADE LITTLE BROTHER CRY!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gb_JtZ4gCYg&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

48.  SURPRISED FRIENDS WITH $40,000 PRIVATE JET!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcDqInKVUA4&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

49.  SURPRISING BEST FRIEND WITH DREAM BIRTHDAY!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDzMhOwm_bw&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

50.  SURPRISING BEST FRIENDS WITH 3 NEW CARS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy80-T0JJtA&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

51.  SURPRISING HER AT THE HOSPITAL!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbgWVJB7ZKc&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

52.  SURPRISING HER WITH BABY SUGAR GLIDER!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGci8lPTlyU&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

53.  SURPRISING PARENTS WITH SHOCKING NEWS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MB4cf1-r25k&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

54.  SURPRISING VLOG SQUAD WITH THEIR FAVORITE TIKTOK STAR!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpdRw1Ot4ww&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

55.  THE BEST OF ALEX ERNST FROM THE VLOGS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iPMI-JKaj8&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

56.  The Best of Jonahs Family from the Vlogs!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GHDIramqFU&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

57.  THEY ALL WALKED IN ON ME!! (CAUGHT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqYKg4ocylM&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

58.  THEY SHAVED ALL THEIR HAIR OFF!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ulZY8nuTRg&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

59.  THIS STARTED A FIRE IN HIS HOUSE!! (SURPRISE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrrpHlv5hWs&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

60.  THIS WAS TOO DISGUSTING TO LOOK AT!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAEAdS4yrLw&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

61.  TOURING JOJO SIWA'S HOUSE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTLoyY5feYU&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

62.  TRISHA PAYTAS BEST MOMENTS 2018 [PART 1] - DAVID DOBRIK'S VLOGS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KukTz0lxd8&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

63.  TRY NOT TO LAUGH - VLOG SQUAD EDITION (PART 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yByPb66I3qQ&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

64.  TRY NOT TO LAUGH CHALLENGE!! (PUNISHMENTS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6BUUdbSyDs&list=PL7-8D6_N_x4De7c-8LpjThbavKhwfUuVz

65.  VISITING MUKBANG THE PUPPY!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89WWWueDt4M&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

66.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS - MARCH 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9jgp5cLdxc&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

67.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 10].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCp-NGzfEq8&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

68.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 34].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWYjaFumjjo&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

69.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 4].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YilqTBkhvRE&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

70.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 6].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJ2Oex-Sa70&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

71.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 7].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOl-yN1bVkI&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

72.  VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 8].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfJVOK3WkhE&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

73.  VLOGSQUAD BEST MOMENTS AUGUST 2018 - DAVID DOBRIK'S VLOGS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ggjw_Ft8SKw&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

74.  VLOGSQUAD BEST MOMENTS SEPTEMBER 2018 - DAVID DOBRIK'S VLOGS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EaD9glkMfOs&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

75.  WE PUT A SKUNK IN HER HOUSE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yn0KCmZ4IVg&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

76.  Zane and Heath Acting like a Married Couple For 20 Minutes Straight!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKncKu-LO7U&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW

77.  ZANE HIJAZI'S VLOGS BEST MOMENTS - OCTOBER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bAv08eFDVM4&list=PLuuBkSUYw056nwePz1TLdMPU5owoxx6SW
The Best of The Vlog Squad