
1.  All Night Long Rock 'n' Roll Partymix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP3I-iJ0MgI&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

2.  Best of Rock 'n' Roll Partymix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHoJXTb8Qec&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

3.  Big Bopper - Chantilly Lace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcEpLu3rjNE&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

4.  Bobby Freeman - Do You Want To Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEnmsxtICjU&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

5.  Bobby Vee - Take Good Care Of My Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBmlMBcEilM&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

6.  Brenda Lee - Sweet Nothings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCV-8l9LzuA&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

7.  Buddy Holly & The Crickets - Oh Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nad37zBF7A&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

8.  Buddy Holly - That'll Be The Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E63zsa4d40k&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

9.  Chan Romero - Hippy Hippy Shake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBYfAma9XiA&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

10.  Chuck Berry - Roll Over Beethoven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqIF_IYkSgA&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

11.  Chuck Berry - School Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gc51kQ7oWz4&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

12.  Danny & The Juniors - At the Hop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWr3N1fcq3s&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

13.  Del Shannon - Runaway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qns7AFHpk3c&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

14.  Don't knock the Rock - Bill Haley and His Comets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=peB_Gb5-jeM&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

15.  Eddie Cochran - Summertime Blues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6WzhXp35eM&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

16.  Elvis Presley - Dont Be Cruel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jdv2rJ8gRyc&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

17.  Elvis Presley - Hard Headed Woman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPNiYrUT2f4&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

18.  Elvis Presley - It's Now or Never.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nZ381dtjew&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

19.  Elvis Presley - Kiss Me Quick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2v9JDelG4k&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

20.  Fats Domino - Blueberry Hill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDGl08CiTn4&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

21.  Fats Domino - Hello Josephine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=galBnD_jd18&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

22.  Fats Domino - I'm Walking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A94Jyww_Ecg&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

23.  Frankie Avalon - Ginger Bread.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKyuJJsO0Jc&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

24.  Frankie Lyman & The Teenagers - Why Do Fools Fall In Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3oVoeVttic&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

25.  Gene Vincent - Be Bop A Lula.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYEKGiGltA0&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

26.  Gene Vincent - Say Mama.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGp2V4_CVhg&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

27.  Helen Shapiro - Walking Back To Happiness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuKGWFNUV58&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

28.  Jerry Lee Lewis - Great Balls Of Fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MongnwLSygE&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

29.  Little Richard - Keep A Knockin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dTp-e6bjzM&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

30.  Little Richard - Tutti Frutti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tC70Y_ihEsQ&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

31.  Neil Sedaka - Calendar Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-ym9EjBH2E&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

32.  Neil Sedaka - Oh Carol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbB29RfAnXs&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

33.  Only the Lonely - Roy Orbison.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SH01HPbbIOw&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

34.  Pat Boone - Love Letters in the Sand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGUv1w3QREs&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

35.  Paul Anka - Diana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s1hJq6mqtI&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

36.  Paul Anka - I Love You Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXWjWZAe8WY&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

37.  Ray Charles - Hit the Road Jack.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ps8Z_gcu9-w&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

38.  Ray Peterson -  Corinna Corinna.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LnSicFvzU4&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

39.  Ricky Nelson - Hello Mary Lou.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94lu6AoxEQc&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

40.  Ritchie Valens - Come On Let's Go.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaagPvDmDoQ&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

41.  Ritchie Valens - La Bamba.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuFkQBimhrY&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

42.  Robin Luke - Susie Darlin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DepCqhr6s4o&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

43.  Rock 'n' Roll 60s Mix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2QYj1Ku0jI&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

44.  Rock 'n' Roll Partymix (1547997).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGeaHd5pqaU&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

45.  Rock 'n' Roll Partymix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGeaHd5pqaU&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

46.  Summertime Rock 'n' Roll Mix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DHNA0zABaE&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

47.  The Chordettes - Lollipop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTmvX-FtfWQ&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

48.  The Del Vikings - Come Go With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oh3Hk9ep1cE&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

49.  The Diamonds - Little Darlin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNMaPBqwnrM&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

50.  The El Dorados - At My Front Door.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5lkci-KMlo&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

51.  The Everly Brothers - Bird Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nnAcKKV0-Q&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

52.  The Everly Brothers - Bye Bye Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GahQoIqHT1w&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

53.  The Everly Brothers - Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RmsdcrP788&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

54.  The McGuire Sisters - Sugartime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeAUJCNzFMU&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

55.  The Platters - Smoke Gets In Your Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHOLXd9BKaQ&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

56.  Wanda Jackson - Lets Have A Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEGlRx31l5o&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv

57.  Wanda Jackson - Stupid Cupid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cC8HI8qfYxk&list=PL3hJSZuahMo-WDbdTpaFOmo-NyKxUGYFv
The greatest rock 'n' roll hits from the 50s & 60s