
85223.  Advantages of drinking water in copper glass according to Ayurveda - Dr. Mini Nair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3a-X33ZzKY

85225.  Are there different styles of Acupuncture - Dr. Arun Kumar K G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZ4ydVMLMYs

85228.  Ayurvedic medicines that help in curing PCOS - Dr. Nidhi Navani.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QtJdAR8cvpI

85232.  Ayurvedic remedies for Computer Vision Syndrome-Dr. Sharad Kulkarni.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7-KojPCBv4

85237.  Ayurvedic remedies for dry eyes - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvz8GYT1pGw

85243.  Ayurvedic treatment for Migraine - Dr. Farida Khan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bdq-PInmnbI

85250.  Ayurvedic ways to manage Computer Vision Syndrome - Dr. Mini Nair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lr4jQrowjkA

85258.  Ayurvedic ways to manage Diabetic Foot - Dr. Mini Nair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIhDb2Ld0Dw

85267.  Ayurvedic ways to manage joint pain - Dr. Mini Nair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIiDbfQpJfk

85277.  Benefits of eating with hands - Dr. Mini Nair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omwoML8_KYs

85288.  Benefits of sleep & advantages of different sleeping positions - Dr. Gurudatta H K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjgqVn7Tznk

85300.  Can a chiropractor treat Scoliosis - Dr. Erik W.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FrSXuQxjaps

85313.  Can Acupuncture help in Diabetes - Dr. Arun Kumar K G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flI1y_AAvIA

85327.  Can Acupuncture help in stress management - Mr. Sudhakant Mishra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tzn9eAz9FQE

85342.  Can acute conditions be treated by acupressure-Dr. Gurudatta H K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Opn9fPB0W5I

85358.  Can ayurveda help in management of Hemorrhoids - Dr. Mini Nair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xmhw3gfQDos

85375.  Can ayurveda treat weak eyesight - Dr. Mini Nair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-eCOiayLy8

85393.  Can Homeopathy help with Erectile Dysfunction not responding to medications - Dr. Suresh G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpuz3IVmqjo

85412.  Can homeopathy permanently cure thyroid disorders - Dr. Suresh G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8S5InVhbzk

85432.  Can Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy help Autistic Kids - Dr. Nagaraja M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Db_zBdSuCcE

85453.  Can I do Hijama or Cupping Therapy if I had a Miscarriage - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AK0nMVJ_3mo

85475.  Can I drive after Hijama or Cupping Therapy session - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tunLHYP4L1U

85498.  Can one go for Ayurvedic Treatment for dandruff & hairfall - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAYljBANsQU

85522.  Can onion juice be helpful in regrowth after patchy hair loss - Dr. Farida Khan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4bC0I98GD8

85547.  Can PCOS & Infertility be treated with Hijama - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsQkzRiG1nk

85573.  Can you treat both men & women by Cupping Therapy - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZ1ArSCcqJA

85600.  Chiropractor OR Osteopath helps in Back pain Procedure DEMO- Dr. Anup Brahmbhatt Doctors' Circle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZ1ArSCcqJA

85628.  Cost of Chelation Therapy - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g21GxjWuESU

85657.  Do Homeopathic medicines manage Erectile Dysfunction and Varicocele - Dr. Suresh G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7nl6N7mAVc

85687.  Does lack of physical activity, inadequate diet affect fertility - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nnk8m0F44A

85718.  Factors essential to becoming pregnant - Dr. RameshBabu N.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgpynqtUwXg

85750.  HAART & alternative medicine system for immunity - Dr. Ashoojit Kaur Anand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0GKTajsLOE

85783.  Homeopathic medicines for thick hair in men - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieCBj3QizuM

85817.  How can one treat diseases without medication - Dr. Sharmila Shankar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJEKRCNt-1E

85852.  How can Panchakarma lead to detoxification - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9P54dguKCo

85888.  How do you treat PCOS in Ayurveda - Dr. Nidhi Navani.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiLjL8GmlS4

85925.  How does ayurveda help in weight loss - Dr. Sharmila Shankar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpX8FHkeAaM

85963.  How does homeopathy help in treating influenza - Dr. Suresh G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lq1zGOq7s4g

86002.  How does the Acupuncturist manage infection control - Dr. Arun Kumar K G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuJ5uD0tgPc

86042.  How does yoga help build pain tolerance - Dr. Gurudatta H K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiKiLcQmW0I

86083.  How Dry Needling helps in Pain Reduction  Dry Needling Demo - Dr. Anup Brahmbhatt  Doctors' Circle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tiKiLcQmW0I

86125.  How effective is the homeopathic treatment for male infertility - Dr. RameshBabu N.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAEPJ4Y-0so

86168.  How is Chelation Therapy administered - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7IYiy51orI

86212.  How is walking in park good or health-Dr. Gurudatta H K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJwHehyeEeA

86257.  How long does each treatment session last - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WSoZnpS-yU

86303.  How long does it take for a homeopathic medicine to have an effect - Dr. Suresh G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NX-Y_ny9y6A

86350.  How much time will Ayurvedic treatment take to cure PCOS - Dr. Nidhi Navani.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6l-xpWIh98

86398.  How often should I get Hijama or Cupping Therapy done - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SxhWPBYcTk

86447.  How squatting helps preventing Piles - Dr. Sharad Kulkarni.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MO4ZmWiz6YM

86497.  How to cure Sciatica with chiropractic treatments - Dr. Erik W.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ke8hYhpv6NI

86548.  How to deal with sharp pain during yoga practice - Dr. Gurudatta H K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf95bnz7SK4

86600.  How to do Panchakarma at home - Dr. Phanindra VV.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDidejaYZkM

86653.  How to increase breast milk production naturally - Dr. Mini Nair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDr1cqas9_o

86707.  How to manage Gastritis with ayurvedic ways - Dr. Farida Khan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZYHA1ZcnyNI

86762.  How to manage skin disorders with ayurveda - Dr. Sharmila Shankar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_JciA7_jUM

86818.  How to manage Tuberculosis of bone & lungs - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_a80305X8kw

86875.  How to manage Typhoid not responding to antibiotics - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1gb79zJV0Y

86933.  How to manage weight that was gained selectively around the belly - Dr. Mini Nair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIcwoF2BeaE

86992.  How to recognise that you have PCOS - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPX3BioOwbo

87052.  How weight loss is possible with Ayurveda - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGN_TCuawh0

87113.  How whole grains play a major role in supporting nutrition of the body - Dr. Sharmila Shankar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGGT90Sun4c

87175.  I'm healthy, can I still do Hijama - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1P24B7B5oI

87238.  Is Ayurveda effective in managing thyroid problems - Dr. Chetali Samant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_DvSzn42u0

87302.  Is Ayurveda effective in reducing joint pain in Osteoarthritis - Dr. Chetali Samant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gowa9L52kqw

87367.  Is Ayurveda effective in treating Allergic Rhinitis - Dr. Chetali Samant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O35I5IYV43I

87433.  Is black or rock salt healthier than normal salt - Dr. Mini Nair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgRUleVLQfs

87500.  Is breakfast the most important meal for weight loss - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am82OfsoSK4

87568.  Is Cupping Therapy or Al Hijama painful - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwVzpOMfp4s

87637.  Is Gymnema sylvester useful for Diabetes & its side effects - Dr. Chetali Samant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3ANlPGqQ1g

87707.  Is Hijama or Cupping Therapy similar to donating blood - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfAKREJWuHM

87778.  Is homeopathy right treatment for Infetility - Dr. RameshBabu N.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFPTAN2fWbg

87850.  Is it mandatory to go for MRI Scan for pituitary gland - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz6Ifk03tfY

87923.  Is masturbation good and how frequently its safe to do it - Dr. Sanjay Phutane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-zsA8PSHsM

87997.  Is RFQMR or Cytotron Therapy Permanent cure for Osteoarthritis - Dr. Nagaraja M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrcubWjuIIw

88072.  Is there a cure for insomnia in Homeopathy - Dr. Suresh G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7eagg0Mpqo

88148.  Is there a loss of bowel control after Piles or Hemorrhoid surgery - Dr. Sharad Kulkarni.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHQQloraOyw

88225.  Is there a permanent solution for PCOS in Ayurveda - Dr. Nidhi Navani.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37qxVix_t8o

88303.  Is there any effective treatment for Diabetes in Ayurveda - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bYG3Dwvagw

88382.  Is there any effective treatment for Thyroid Disease in Ayurveda - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UF_zOIZFyMY

88462.  Management of Anorectal fistula in Homeopathy - Dr. Suresh G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUdno00ffPM

88543.  Normal range of platelet count & should one worry if it is elevated - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hM53T1-cyus

88625.  Role of Homeopathy to increase libido in men with small genitals - Dr. Suresh G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAg8oMI1xOw

88708.  Should everyone undergo all the Panchakarma procedures - Dr. Phanindra VV.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq9R6xFdnkU

88792.  Should one take dog bite vaccination after dog scratch with no visible blood - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bq9R6xFdnkU

88877.  Side effects of Chelation Therapy - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6DjDy2louY

88963.  Time period required for hair regrowth after applying onion juice for hair loss - Dr. Mini Nair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6DjDy2louY

89050.  Treatment for Arthritis in Ayurveda - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QmOHt8cWyY

89138.  Treatment for male pattern baldness in Ayurveda - Dr. Farida Khan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viUBbphk9DI

89227.  Uses of Chelation Therapy - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6v6vHPc0SJ0

89317.  What are side effects of Ozone Therapy - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYijyTB2fw4

89408.  What are the benefits of Hijama or Cupping Therapy - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GaDHdRhQjoM

89500.  What are the causes & symptoms of PCOS - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PgjrQEFHKQ

89593.  What are the causes of chronic headache & its management - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88MzhvnvRbM

89687.  What are the factors essential to get pregnant - Dr. RameshBabu N.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOCwh3RWRNA

89782.  What are the most common diseases cured with Hijama or Cupping Therapy - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKgtb-mZiZ0

89878.  What are the remedies for Type 2 Diabetes in Ayurveda - Dr. Chetali Samant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zA_5fw0qh9Y

89975.  What are the side effects of Cupping Therapy or Al Hijama - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SptArvSB2qw

90073.  What are the treatment for hair loss in ayurveda - Dr. Sharmila Shankar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGYP6Mz7vUw

90172.  What are the types of Cupping Therapy or Al Hijama - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUnmeaO7I5E

90272.  What can cause fast heart beat after breakfast throughout the day - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWJ8A_3sjqU

90373.  What causes Infertility in women & risk factors leading to it - Dr. RameshBabu N.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bs-FQ2sOKJA

90475.  What causes neck pain with headache - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9ys-0oB-mg

90578.  What causes retarded growth of genitals & beard in young men - Dr. Suresh G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agcJ7IDOHSI

90682.  What causes sensitive male genitals - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_I_8MY-wyUU

90787.  What do opening of eyes, vomiting milk & fatigue in babies indicate - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnU5FEHgC_0

90893.  What is Agnikarma - Dr. Sharad Kulkarni.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lo8RHlLIwEE

91000.  What is an Acupuncture treatment - Dr. Arun Kumar K G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkPXKj0nLzk

91108.  What is an Ovarian Cyst - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=03jtLGBisEo

91217.  What is Chelation Therapy - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQtONTmKFow

91327.  What is Cupping Therapy - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hdo5Db6V_ks

91438.  What is CVID disease and associated causes & symptoms - Dr. Sanjay Panicker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaOuvSzc6K8

91550.  What is Infertility & who gets affected - Dr. RameshBabu N.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlHrrqG4plk

91663.  What is Infertility & who gets it - Dr. RameshBabu N.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjqWq1b15no

91777.  What is Kshar Sutra Therapy - Dr. Sharad Kulkarni.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtHv68JqkfI

91892.  What is Ozone - Dr. Yusuff KS Shariff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0aVSV9mdE4

92008.  What is PCOS - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfPvCrmR8sU

92125.  What is RFQMR or Cytotron Therapy for Osteoarthritis - Dr. Nagaraja M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU46ow43IMs

92243.  What is the management of Infertility - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYxfnf0k5ZU

92362.  What is the minimum age to do Hijama - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CM6J2T3wCZ8

92482.  What is the minimum age to do Hijama or Cupping Therapy - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhAVvOei7tk

92603.  What is the treatment of PCOD in Ayurveda - Dr. Prakash Namboothiri.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3h33Ihz-qw

92725.  What is the Vertebral Subluxation - Dr. Erik W.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KqKM09-TSk

92848.  What precautions are required  while using laxatives for Piles treatment - Dr. Sharad Kulkarni.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KqKM09-TSk

92972.  When is the most fertile time of women to get pregnant - Dr. RameshBabu N.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VI5By1Q4LQ4

93097.  Which conditions can be treated with Acupuncture - Dr. Arun Kumar K G.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfFHt9BYrOI

93223.  Which point should one press for good night sleep-Dr. Gurudatta H K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EjuW76eugA

93350.  Which postures are best to practice in yoga for Insomnia - Dr. Gurudatta H K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35lqdmn84Wk

93478.  Which treatment is best for PCOS in Ayurveda - Dr. Nidhi Navani.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-EZ1VAr13g

93607.  Who benefits from chiropractic care - Dr. Erik W.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZ90PViOQWw

93737.  Who should avoid Hijama or Cupping Therapy - Dr. Shagufta Siraj.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZWnTnspPr4

93868.  Why chiropractic treatment is important - Dr. Erik W.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8N1YSqeYUk
Alternative Medicine -Hijama,Cupping Therapy,Acupuncture,Acupressure,Unani Medicine