
1.  (AD) Can Animals Born in Captivity Ever Go Back to the Wild  LEGO® FRIENDS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJgceEc07kI&pp=sAQA

2.  (AD) Can People Live Under the Sea  LEGO® CITY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lr9IVqGW-lk&pp=sAQA

3.  (AD) Can We Find Creatures in the Sea No One has Ever Seen  LEGO® CITY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNeuhjohvNM&pp=sAQA

4.  (AD) Can We Make Naughty Elephants Behave  LEGO® FRIENDS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjwksJaxrbY&pp=sAQA

5.  (AD) Can We Swim with Great White Sharks  LEGO® CITY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvIE4mhuUu0&pp=sAQA

6.  (AD) Can You Make a Movie with a Tiger  LEGO® FRIENDS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORex-_6xKAk&pp=sAQA

7.  5 Awesome Crafts From “Weird But True!”  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOSGhDv8UqA&pp=sAQA

8.  5 Awesome Moments From “Weird But True!”  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSjZFz2Rjzw&pp=sAQA

9.  5 Eco-Friendly DIYs to Protect the Planet  Kids Vs. Plastic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rm75wYlRTd0&pp=sAQA

10.  A Gigantic Hotel  Wackiest Places Around the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6smcCpSVlo&pp=sAQA

11.  Achoo Pooch  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihhn_6GIqmo&pp=sAQA

12.  Animal Rascals  Just Joking—LOL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SOFavN9xQA&pp=sAQA

13.  Barkfest  Just Joking—LOL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQFt35TqlqU&pp=sAQA

14.  Batnado  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viCGDDQT9qw&pp=sAQA

15.  Beary Funny  Just Joking—LOL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymQkEAC1YAM&pp=sAQA

16.  Behind the Scenes Coral Reef Episode From “Weird But True!”  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZC1HfWTvE4&pp=sAQA

17.  Behind the Scenes of “Weird But True!” Tree Episode  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3pV4H2wPlw&pp=sAQA

18.  Behind the Scenes Plane Episode From “Weird But True!”  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBuRIJHLbsg&pp=sAQA

19.  Behind the Scenes Volcano Episode From “Weird But True!”  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_m6M0RfZwh8&pp=sAQA

20.  Behind the scenes with DOLITTLE star Robert Downey Jr..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTYHDIFgbDE&pp=sAQA

21.  Big Cats  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hEmB4eFJ_Cw&pp=sAQA

22.  Bobbing for Apples  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHl9xVjwzKg&pp=sAQA

23.  Bovine Bath Time  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUFZdnyppUc&pp=sAQA

24.  Brian Skerry Swimming with Giants  Explorer Academy The Truth Behind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LW7vwEqUF8&pp=sAQA

25.  Buffalo and Giraffes on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eheig0vO1ls&pp=sAQA

26.  Bug Fright with Barbie® National Geographic Dolls  Nat Geo Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yu8Eplb5ey8&pp=sAQA

27.  Calling All Earthlings  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qF5u7xq7gBI&pp=sAQA

28.  Charlie’s Favorite Skits From “Weird But True!”  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Q3KKb779zk&pp=sAQA

29.  Classroom Clues  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPQPYa7RD_c&pp=sAQA

30.  Director’s Cut Sound Episode  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjPAaNlUziA&pp=sAQA

31.  Discover Dinomania!  National Geographic Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1aQVApevDM&pp=sAQA

32.  DIY Eco-Friendly Paper Beads  Kids Vs. Plastic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nxfel_npD-o&pp=sAQA

33.  DIY Paper Pom Pom Decorations  Kids Vs. Plastic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etEB0OtKp0M&pp=sAQA

34.  DIY Rainbow Unicorn Ice Pops  Kids Vs. Plastic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prEBbopYFCQ&pp=sAQA

35.  DIY Repurposed Jeans Pencil Case  Kids Vs. Plastic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GdsxFV2ijio&pp=sAQA

36.  DIY Reusable Sandwich Wrap  Kids Vs. Plastic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R1KKz57qnLw&pp=sAQA

37.  Dolley The Fire Dog  Book Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dk6kED-wU3Y&pp=sAQA

38.  Eagles and Leopards on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtwBY0uTti8&pp=sAQA

39.  Elephants and Buffalo on Safari!  Safari Live (1670662).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AXS2ogcSLjM&pp=sAQA

40.  Elephants and Buffalo on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ss2uXLsSIzo&pp=sAQA

41.  Elephants and Lions on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGlhI3GaCC4&pp=sAQA

42.  Erika Bergman Finding Aliens Underwater  Explorer Academy The Truth Behind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKt8kSgUvrw&pp=sAQA

43.  Everything you wanted to learn about sharks!  National Geographic Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGAi96LJQ0w&pp=sAQA

44.  Explorer Academy The Series  National Geographic Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ke-mN0occlg&pp=sAQA

45.  Face Time  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TX4LurBSq9M&pp=sAQA

46.  Food For Thought  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9btNPnDICG8&pp=sAQA

47.  Forest Photo Shoot Surprise with Barbie® National Geographic Dolls  Nat Geo Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkayRc1rYhg&pp=sAQA

48.  Frog Dinner Diner  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxZjTT2c2l4&pp=sAQA

49.  Froggy with a Chance of Showers  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=neb93WZe1r8&pp=sAQA

50.  Fun Animal Facts with Chelsea with Barbie® National Geographic Dolls  Nat Geo Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoIDWtuysMw&pp=sAQA

51.  Funniest Moments on the Set of “Weird But True!”  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KVsuPpl5PN4&pp=sAQA

52.  Game Time  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AcdrO1ho4e0&pp=sAQA

53.  High Hopes  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpBDaE_-ncE&pp=sAQA

54.  Hippos and Butterflies on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aga4c-VDRKk&pp=sAQA

55.  Hippos and Crocodiles on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxsX8MvAL7w&pp=sAQA

56.  Hippos and Waterbuck on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTUW2rDlX04&pp=sAQA

57.  Hornbills and Crocodiles on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohpvGmO_w04&pp=sAQA

58.  Hornbills and Kudu on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhOpy2ICRpc&pp=sAQA

59.  How to Make a Cocoa Cozy  Kids Vs. Plastic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlA7m6CxM9k&pp=sAQA

60.  How to Make a T-Shirt Tote  Kids Vs. Plastic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bczGu8aGdik&pp=sAQA

61.  Hyenas and Hippos on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqt75oHa5QI&pp=sAQA

62.  Impalas and Hippos on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndhJenz1TqM&pp=sAQA

63.  Izzy Newton and the S.M.A.R.T. Squad Rap  National Geographic Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cK2cDD_DY9I&pp=sAQA

64.  Lapwings and Impala on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2Zu_eAsozc&pp=sAQA

65.  Leopards and Spiders on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFMW1XBjux8&pp=sAQA

66.  Lions and Buffalo on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1dGyq_H7l0&pp=sAQA

67.  Lions and Impala on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1s44OS4q9QM&pp=sAQA

68.  M Jackson Glacier Explorer  Explorer Academy The Truth Behind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBnEg5tKDUg&pp=sAQA

69.  Micro-Explorers Unite! Let’s Find Some Germs In Our Own Homes!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vk-KrAju8yM&pp=sAQA

70.  Mouse in the House  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nn0XyVgFDgo&pp=sAQA

71.  Otters to the Rescue  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3yaJckO0xE&pp=sAQA

72.  Owl at the Moon  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22J5BdrU7sU&pp=sAQA

73.  Party Animals REMIX!  Party Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qka6KWesUP4&pp=sAQA

74.  Planet Earth  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcdBQjxZKxE&pp=sAQA

75.  Planet Venus  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9YFPiIAmoA&pp=sAQA

76.  Queen of Quacks  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LffJLVQoyeA&pp=sAQA

77.  Reptile Roundup  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QUQWUnLwU8&pp=sAQA

78.  Rhino Messengering  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IniF1gcSR0o&pp=sAQA

79.  Roach Reaction  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tanrzceAVow&pp=sAQA

80.  Roar!  Just Joking—LOL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JN_OcfFlGM8&pp=sAQA

81.  Saturn's Skate Rink  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAjDOBGoMvg&pp=sAQA

82.  Sidewalk Café  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNYnU2nUzsk&pp=sAQA

83.  Space Surprise  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlxJXR2dzYk&pp=sAQA

84.  Spider Mend  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGJj_rmej7c&pp=sAQA

85.  Spray Painted Cars!  Wackiest Places Around the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlfNnNX4qWU&pp=sAQA

86.  Starry Night Discovery with Barbie® National Geographic Dolls  Nat Geo Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMiqFdwhaJ4&pp=sAQA

87.  Stat-Shoes of Liberty  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ru3c3JY7WTs&pp=sAQA

88.  Stella The Search Dog  Book Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxynGSkEopM&pp=sAQA

89.  Sweet Tooth  Just Joking—LOL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHqyXnmWzpA&pp=sAQA

90.  Swim with Pigs!  Wackiest Places Around the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Aj2u2Jh0AA&pp=sAQA

91.  The Truth Behind Monkeys  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znFijIb_1FU&pp=sAQA

92.  Tiger The Police Dog  Book Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZlTDhfNenw&pp=sAQA

93.  Time Travel  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIfzK7fZOJ8&pp=sAQA

94.  Toilet Trees  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcytTtJyu1Q&pp=sAQA

95.  Top 10 Best Characters From “Weird But True!”  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=263HEWiDqz4&pp=sAQA

96.  Top 10 Best Costumes From Weird But True!  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-_rpzZbJaU&pp=sAQA

97.  Tortoises and Giraffes on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmXeWaPnbjU&pp=sAQA

98.  Troll Under a Bridge!  Wackiest Places Around the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rp5XeSoMkfY&pp=sAQA

99.  Weird Animals  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIpz8wTFyJE&pp=sAQA

100.  Weird But True And Gross!  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-g6XPe4J5rs&pp=sAQA

101.  Willow The Therapy Dog  Book Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfL3Uemgh-A&pp=sAQA

102.  Winter Wonderland  Weird But True!—Fast Facts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Th_Y1pzx9po&pp=sAQA

103.  Witchy Wonder  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NH8d2ZvUbGk&pp=sAQA

104.  Wriggly Rain  Weird But True! Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkG78e9n5U4&pp=sAQA

105.  Yoga Animals Balance like a Flamingo  Book Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOYxajYK_Nc&pp=sAQA

106.  Yoga Animals Tuck Like A Bunny  Book Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nw-9rhnOssw&pp=sAQA

107.  Zebras and Impalas on Safari!  Safari Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afHLL0j8O1k&pp=sAQA

108.  Zeus the Mighty The Quest for the Golden Fleas  Book Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNOUkF_ELgQ&pp=sAQA

109.  Zeus the Mighty The Quest for the Golden Fleas  National Geographic Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajY_qbF2fEo&pp=sAQA

110.  “Falcon News” Hot Seat with Audio Director Bob  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udzPOyOAXSY&pp=sAQA

111.  “Falcon News” Hot Seat with Director Brandon  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xzpc54VuKs&pp=sAQA

112.  “Falcon News” Hot Seat with Mom and Dad  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8eBo8FXM20&pp=sAQA

113.  “Falcon News” Hot Seat with Patrick and Casey  Weirdest, Bestest, Truest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oR0Ff_fiAw&pp=sAQA
National Geographic Kids