
1.  Dire Straits - Brothers In Arms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhdFe3evXpk&pp=sAQA

2.  Dire Straits - Calling Elvis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUavFsfbFv8&pp=sAQA

3.  Dire Straits - Expresso Love (Alchemy Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oik6qbPDi88&pp=sAQA

4.  Dire Straits - Heavy Fuel (TV Edit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NG5Trk07R00&pp=sAQA

5.  Dire Straits - Heavy Fuel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EExahMsBoWM&pp=sAQA

6.  Dire Straits - Lady Writer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlD6jCGVU4A&pp=sAQA

7.  Dire Straits - Love Over Gold (Alchemy Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKCpMDpSP8M&pp=sAQA

8.  Dire Straits - Money For Nothing (Live At Knebworth).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zOjRlVpAOQ&pp=sAQA

9.  Dire Straits - Money For Nothing (TV Edit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIDYl-bfvw0&pp=sAQA

10.  Dire Straits - Money For Nothing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTP2RUD_cL0&pp=sAQA

11.  Dire Straits - Private Investigations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9K27HvhDxA&pp=sAQA

12.  Dire Straits - Romeo And Juliet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rC95MEenIxA&pp=sAQA

13.  Dire Straits - Skateaway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcwl-Q7pAtY&pp=sAQA

14.  Dire Straits - So Far Away (Stereo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSnMBLeh_9s&pp=sAQA

15.  Dire Straits - So Far Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIHMPc6ZCuI&pp=sAQA

16.  Dire Straits - Solid Rock (Alchemy Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCz5CLmciAY&pp=sAQA

17.  Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing (Alchemy Live) (1750193).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Pa9x9fZBtY&pp=sAQA

18.  Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing (Alchemy Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIufLA7Bx2Q&pp=sAQA

19.  Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0ffIJ7ZO4U&pp=sAQA

20.  Dire Straits - The Bug.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GG5ghP8XLW8&pp=sAQA

21.  Dire Straits - Tunnel Of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAirINwjaxE&pp=sAQA

22.  Dire Straits - Twisting By The Pool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsJ5aYK-S6Y&pp=sAQA

23.  Dire Straits - Two Young Lovers (Alchemy Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=offPw82-XCU&pp=sAQA

24.  Dire Straits - Walk Of Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kd9TlGDZGkI&pp=sAQA

25.  Dire Straits - Wild West End.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4Ad_J_2l0w&pp=sAQA

26.  Dire Straits - Your Latest Trick (On The Night Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKiVttFnqkY&pp=sAQA

27.  Dire Straits The Studio Albums 1978 - 1991 - Official Unboxing Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbtr12L3y6M&pp=sAQA
Dire Straits