
La Monte Young
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/La_Monte_Young/La_Monte_Young.txt

Lalo Schifrin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lalo_Schifrin/Lalo_Schifrin.txt

Lambert Chaumont
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lambert_Chaumont/Lambert_Chaumont.txt

Larry Adler
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Larry_Adler/Larry_Adler.txt

Larry Austin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Larry_Austin/Larry_Austin.txt

Larry Sitsky
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Larry_Sitsky/Larry_Sitsky.txt

Lars Edlund
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lars_Edlund/Lars_Edlund.txt

Lars-Erik Larsson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lars-Erik_Larsson/Lars-Erik_Larsson.txt

Larysa Kuzmenko
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Larysa_Kuzmenko/Larysa_Kuzmenko.txt

Lasse Åberg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lasse_Åberg/Lasse_Åberg.txt

Laura Andel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Laura_Andel/Laura_Andel.txt

Laura Karpman
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Laura_Karpman/Laura_Karpman.txt

Laura Schwendinger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Laura_Schwendinger/Laura_Schwendinger.txt

Laurent Belissen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Laurent_Belissen/Laurent_Belissen.txt

Laurie Anderson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Laurie_Anderson/Laurie_Anderson.txt

Laurie Johnson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Laurie_Johnson/Laurie_Johnson.txt

Laurindo Almeida
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Laurindo_Almeida/Laurindo_Almeida.txt

Lauro Rossi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lauro_Rossi/Lauro_Rossi.txt

Lawrance Collingwood
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lawrance_Collingwood/Lawrance_Collingwood.txt

Lawrence Dillon
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lawrence_Dillon/Lawrence_Dillon.txt

Le Sieur de Machy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Le_Sieur_de_Machy/Le_Sieur_de_Machy.txt

Lee Hoiby
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lee_Hoiby/Lee_Hoiby.txt

Leevi Madetoja
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leevi_Madetoja/Leevi_Madetoja.txt

Leif Segerstam
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leif_Segerstam/Leif_Segerstam.txt

Leighton Lucas
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leighton_Lucas/Leighton_Lucas.txt

Lejaren Hiller
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lejaren_Hiller/Lejaren_Hiller.txt

Lejla Agolli
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lejla_Agolli/Lejla_Agolli.txt

Lelio Colista
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lelio_Colista/Lelio_Colista.txt

Leni Alexander
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leni_Alexander/Leni_Alexander.txt

Lennox Berkeley
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lennox_Berkeley/Lennox_Berkeley.txt

Leo Arnaud
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leo_Arnaud/Leo_Arnaud.txt

Leo Ascher
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leo_Ascher/Leo_Ascher.txt

Leo Brouwer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leo_Brouwer/Leo_Brouwer.txt

Leo Fall
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leo_Fall/Leo_Fall.txt

Leo Ornstein
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leo_Ornstein/Leo_Ornstein.txt

Leo Smit
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leo_Smit/Leo_Smit.txt

Leo Sowerby
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leo_Sowerby/Leo_Sowerby.txt

Leo Spies
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leo_Spies/Leo_Spies.txt

Leon Jessel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leon_Jessel/Leon_Jessel.txt

Leon Kirchner
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leon_Kirchner/Leon_Kirchner.txt

Leon Milo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leon_Milo/Leon_Milo.txt

Leon René
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leon_René/Leon_René.txt

Leonard Bernstein
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonard_Bernstein/Leonard_Bernstein.txt

Leonard Kastle
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonard_Kastle/Leonard_Kastle.txt

Leonard Lehrman
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonard_Lehrman/Leonard_Lehrman.txt

Leonardo Balada
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonardo_Balada/Leonardo_Balada.txt

Leonardo Leo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonardo_Leo/Leonardo_Leo.txt

Leonardo Vinci
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonardo_Vinci/Leonardo_Vinci.txt

Leone Sinigaglia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leone_Sinigaglia/Leone_Sinigaglia.txt

Leonel Power
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonel_Power/Leonel_Power.txt

Leonhard Kleber
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonhard_Kleber/Leonhard_Kleber.txt

Leonhard Päminger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonhard_Päminger/Leonhard_Päminger.txt

Leonid Bashmakov
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonid_Bashmakov/Leonid_Bashmakov.txt

Leonid Hrabovsky
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonid_Hrabovsky/Leonid_Hrabovsky.txt

Leonora Baroni
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonora_Baroni/Leonora_Baroni.txt

Leonora Duarte
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leonora_Duarte/Leonora_Duarte.txt

Leopold Auer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leopold_Auer/Leopold_Auer.txt

Leopold Godowsky
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leopold_Godowsky/Leopold_Godowsky.txt

Leopold Hofmann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leopold_Hofmann/Leopold_Hofmann.txt

Leopold I
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leopold_I/Leopold_I.txt

Leopold Jansa
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leopold_Jansa/Leopold_Jansa.txt

Leopold Kozeluch
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leopold_Kozeluch/Leopold_Kozeluch.txt

Leopold Mozart
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leopold_Mozart/Leopold_Mozart.txt

Leopoldine Blahetka
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leopoldine_Blahetka/Leopoldine_Blahetka.txt

Leoš Janácek
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leoš_Janácek/Leoš_Janácek.txt

Lera Auerbach
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lera_Auerbach/Lera_Auerbach.txt

Leroy Anderson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leroy_Anderson/Leroy_Anderson.txt

Leslie Adams
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leslie_Adams/Leslie_Adams.txt

Leslie Bassett
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leslie_Bassett/Leslie_Bassett.txt

Lev Knipper
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lev_Knipper/Lev_Knipper.txt

Levi Celerio
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Levi_Celerio/Levi_Celerio.txt

Lewis Henry Lavenu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lewis_Henry_Lavenu/Lewis_Henry_Lavenu.txt

Lewis Spratlan
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lewis_Spratlan/Lewis_Spratlan.txt

Lex van Delden
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lex_van_Delden/Lex_van_Delden.txt

Leó Weiner
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Leó_Weiner/Leó_Weiner.txt

Liam Bates
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Liam_Bates/Liam_Bates.txt

Liana Alexandra
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Liana_Alexandra/Liana_Alexandra.txt

Libby Larsen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Libby_Larsen/Libby_Larsen.txt

Lili Boulanger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lili_Boulanger/Lili_Boulanger.txt

Limenius
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Limenius/Limenius.txt

Lin-Manuel Miranda
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lin-Manuel_Miranda/Lin-Manuel_Miranda.txt

Linda Bouchard
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Linda_Bouchard/Linda_Bouchard.txt

Lior Navok
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lior_Navok/Lior_Navok.txt

Liza Lehmann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Liza_Lehmann/Liza_Lehmann.txt

Liza Lim
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Liza_Lim/Liza_Lim.txt

Lluís Callejo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lluís_Callejo/Lluís_Callejo.txt

Lodovico Agostini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lodovico_Agostini/Lodovico_Agostini.txt

Lodovico Giustini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lodovico_Giustini/Lodovico_Giustini.txt

Lodovico Grossi da Viadana
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lodovico_Grossi_da_Viadana/Lodovico_Grossi_da_Viadana.txt

Lora Aborn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lora_Aborn/Lora_Aborn.txt

Lorenz Lemlin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lorenz_Lemlin/Lorenz_Lemlin.txt

Lorenzo Ferrero
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lorenzo_Ferrero/Lorenzo_Ferrero.txt

Lorenzo Perosi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lorenzo_Perosi/Lorenzo_Perosi.txt

Lori Laitman
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lori_Laitman/Lori_Laitman.txt

Lorin Maazel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lorin_Maazel/Lorin_Maazel.txt

Lotten Edholm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lotten_Edholm/Lotten_Edholm.txt

Lou Briel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lou_Briel/Lou_Briel.txt

Lou Harrison
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lou_Harrison/Lou_Harrison.txt

Louis Andriessen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Andriessen/Louis_Andriessen.txt

Louis Antoine Jullien
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Antoine_Jullien/Louis_Antoine_Jullien.txt

Louis Applebaum
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Applebaum/Louis_Applebaum.txt

Louis Aubert
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Aubert/Louis_Aubert.txt

Louis Bourgeois
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Bourgeois/Louis_Bourgeois.txt

Louis Brassin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Brassin/Louis_Brassin.txt

Louis Campbell-Tipton
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Campbell-Tipton/Louis_Campbell-Tipton.txt

Louis Coerne
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Coerne/Louis_Coerne.txt

Louis Couperin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Couperin/Louis_Couperin.txt

Louis de Caix d'Hervelois
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_de_Caix_d'Hervelois/Louis_de_Caix_d'Hervelois.txt

Louis de La Coste
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_de_La_Coste/Louis_de_La_Coste.txt

Louis Durey
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Durey/Louis_Durey.txt

Louis Désiré Besozzi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Désiré_Besozzi/Louis_Désiré_Besozzi.txt

Louis François Dauprat
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_François_Dauprat/Louis_François_Dauprat.txt

Louis Ganne
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Ganne/Louis_Ganne.txt

Louis Glass
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Glass/Louis_Glass.txt

Louis Grabu
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Grabu/Louis_Grabu.txt

Louis Gruenberg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Gruenberg/Louis_Gruenberg.txt

Louis James Alfred Lefébure-Wély
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_James_Alfred_Lefébure-Wély/Louis_James_Alfred_Lefébure-Wély.txt

Louis Lacombe
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Lacombe/Louis_Lacombe.txt

Louis Lully
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Lully/Louis_Lully.txt

Louis Marchand
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Marchand/Louis_Marchand.txt

Louis Moreau Gottschalk
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Moreau_Gottschalk/Louis_Moreau_Gottschalk.txt

Louis Niedermeyer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Niedermeyer/Louis_Niedermeyer.txt

Louis Spohr
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Spohr/Louis_Spohr.txt

Louis Théodore Gouvy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Théodore_Gouvy/Louis_Théodore_Gouvy.txt

Louis Varney
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Varney/Louis_Varney.txt

Louis Vierne
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis_Vierne/Louis_Vierne.txt

Louis-Antoine Dornel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis-Antoine_Dornel/Louis-Antoine_Dornel.txt

Louis-Claude Daquin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis-Claude_Daquin/Louis-Claude_Daquin.txt

Louis-Emmanuel Jadin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis-Emmanuel_Jadin/Louis-Emmanuel_Jadin.txt

Louis-Gabriel Guillemain
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis-Gabriel_Guillemain/Louis-Gabriel_Guillemain.txt

Louis-Nicolas Clérambault
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louis-Nicolas_Clérambault/Louis-Nicolas_Clérambault.txt

Louise Bertin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louise_Bertin/Louise_Bertin.txt

Louise Farrenc
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louise_Farrenc/Louise_Farrenc.txt

Louise Talma
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Louise_Talma/Louise_Talma.txt

Lovro von Matacic
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lovro_von_Matacic/Lovro_von_Matacic.txt

Lowell Liebermann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lowell_Liebermann/Lowell_Liebermann.txt

Loyset Compère
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Loyset_Compère/Loyset_Compère.txt

Luc Ferrari
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luc_Ferrari/Luc_Ferrari.txt

Luca Antonio Predieri
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luca_Antonio_Predieri/Luca_Antonio_Predieri.txt

Luca Belcastro
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luca_Belcastro/Luca_Belcastro.txt

Luca Marenzio
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luca_Marenzio/Luca_Marenzio.txt

Lucia Contini Anselmi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lucia_Contini_Anselmi/Lucia_Contini_Anselmi.txt

Lucia Quinciani
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lucia_Quinciani/Lucia_Quinciani.txt

Luciano Berio
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luciano_Berio/Luciano_Berio.txt

Lucien Durosoir
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lucien_Durosoir/Lucien_Durosoir.txt

Lucien Goethals
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lucien_Goethals/Lucien_Goethals.txt

Lucile Grétry
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lucile_Grétry/Lucile_Grétry.txt

Lucio Dalla
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lucio_Dalla/Lucio_Dalla.txt

Lucrezia Orsina Vizzana
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lucrezia_Orsina_Vizzana/Lucrezia_Orsina_Vizzana.txt

Ludolf Nielsen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludolf_Nielsen/Ludolf_Nielsen.txt

Ludovico Einaudi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludovico_Einaudi/Ludovico_Einaudi.txt

Ludvík Podéšt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludvík_Podéšt/Ludvík_Podéšt.txt

Ludwig Abel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludwig_Abel/Ludwig_Abel.txt

Ludwig August Lebrun
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludwig_August_Lebrun/Ludwig_August_Lebrun.txt

Ludwig Berger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludwig_Berger/Ludwig_Berger.txt

Ludwig Mestler
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludwig_Mestler/Ludwig_Mestler.txt

Ludwig Minkus
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludwig_Minkus/Ludwig_Minkus.txt

Ludwig Schmidseder
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludwig_Schmidseder/Ludwig_Schmidseder.txt

Ludwig Schuncke
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludwig_Schuncke/Ludwig_Schuncke.txt

Ludwig Senfl
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludwig_Senfl/Ludwig_Senfl.txt

Ludwig Thuille
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludwig_Thuille/Ludwig_Thuille.txt

Ludwig van Beethoven
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludwig_van_Beethoven/Ludwig_van_Beethoven.txt

Ludwig von Köchel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludwig_von_Köchel/Ludwig_von_Köchel.txt

Ludwig Wenzel Lachnith
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Ludwig_Wenzel_Lachnith/Ludwig_Wenzel_Lachnith.txt

Luigi Arditi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Arditi/Luigi_Arditi.txt

Luigi Bassi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Bassi/Luigi_Bassi.txt

Luigi Boccherini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Boccherini/Luigi_Boccherini.txt

Luigi Castellacci
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Castellacci/Luigi_Castellacci.txt

Luigi Cherubini
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Cherubini/Luigi_Cherubini.txt

Luigi Dallapiccola
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Dallapiccola/Luigi_Dallapiccola.txt

Luigi Denza
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Denza/Luigi_Denza.txt

Luigi Gatti
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Gatti/Luigi_Gatti.txt

Luigi Legnani
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Legnani/Luigi_Legnani.txt

Luigi Nono
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Nono/Luigi_Nono.txt

Luigi Ricci
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Ricci/Luigi_Ricci.txt

Luigi Rossi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Rossi/Luigi_Rossi.txt

Luigi Russolo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luigi_Russolo/Luigi_Russolo.txt

Luis de Milán
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luis_de_Milán/Luis_de_Milán.txt

Luis de Narváez
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luis_de_Narváez/Luis_de_Narváez.txt

Luis de Pablo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luis_de_Pablo/Luis_de_Pablo.txt

Luis Enríquez Bacalov
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luis_Enríquez_Bacalov/Luis_Enríquez_Bacalov.txt

Luiz Bonfá
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luiz_Bonfá/Luiz_Bonfá.txt

Luka Sorkocevic
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luka_Sorkocevic/Luka_Sorkocevic.txt

Lukas Foss
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lukas_Foss/Lukas_Foss.txt

Lukas Hurník
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lukas_Hurník/Lukas_Hurník.txt

Luna Alcalay
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luna_Alcalay/Luna_Alcalay.txt

Lupus Hellinck
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lupus_Hellinck/Lupus_Hellinck.txt

Luther Orlando Emerson
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luther_Orlando_Emerson/Luther_Orlando_Emerson.txt

Lutz Landwehr von Pragenau
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lutz_Landwehr_von_Pragenau/Lutz_Landwehr_von_Pragenau.txt

Luzzasco Luzzaschi
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luzzasco_Luzzaschi/Luzzasco_Luzzaschi.txt

Luís de Freitas Branco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luís_de_Freitas_Branco/Luís_de_Freitas_Branco.txt

Luís Tinoco
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Luís_Tinoco/Luís_Tinoco.txt

Lycia de Biase Bidart
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lycia_de_Biase_Bidart/Lycia_de_Biase_Bidart.txt

Lyell Cresswell
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Lyell_Cresswell/Lyell_Cresswell.txt

László Lajtha
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/László_Lajtha/László_Lajtha.txt

Léo Delibes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Léo_Delibes/Léo_Delibes.txt

Léon Boëllmann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Léon_Boëllmann/Léon_Boëllmann.txt

Léon Orthel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Léon_Orthel/Léon_Orthel.txt

Léonard de Hodémont
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Léonard_de_Hodémont/Léonard_de_Hodémont.txt

Léonin
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/L/Léonin/Léonin.txt
L