
20,000 Leagues From the Right Answer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6B6_BuCN-k8&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

A Planet Full of Appetizers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQ13lhOZsUw&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Animorphs and Azkaban.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4uNd3y-rrU&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Bilbo Gets Trolled.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0cfxaQzSG0&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Blade Runner Is Nerd Homework.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yArzKJ4oWWw&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Did You Just Call Me a Mudblood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFa2wZVRFB8&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Friends, Romans, Mushroom People (Tournament of Champions, Pt 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llkG6miG6Co&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Game of Thrones, Gremlins, and Ganondorf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LmbLiTdTEFk&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Geek, Set, Match Um, Actually Returns [Trailer].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVwX-GJR190&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

How Many Anakins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-Ez2MwYzIM&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

How Much Pokemon Knowledge Do You Have (ft. Sam Bashor).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWS5HE26f2s&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

How the Internet Is Ruining Comedy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNzWb9Lu2Fs&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

I Know Everything About Anime (Fans vs. Faves Pt. 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHY8bRPsv6o&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Just Pretend It's a Laser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFMIxhUbMQs&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Kingdom Hearts Makes Zero Sense (Fans vs. Faves Pt. 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a78EBpW4c8Q&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Kirby the Attorney (Tournament of Champions, Pt 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWiNKgodVrU&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Monster Maps & Arcane Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHFUC3p-bkI&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Morlocks and Eloi (Tournament of Champions, Pt 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iCqfOJnh6w&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Obi-Wan's Weird Connection to Jon Stewart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TK9dRFvm2Fc&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Peter Pevensie & Kanto Clones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UsX0KvPhRY&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Playing Diablo Summons the Devil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6w3sLLMv_m8&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Pro Wrestling & Battlestar Galactica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUaFFBeH0L8&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Safari on Tatooine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jxws-5cpzn0&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Sailor Moon Lost in Translation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_7CidBk4-c&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Super Saiyans & Sauron.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rL9UDfqkBLk&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

The Game Show of Nerdy Corrections (Harry Potter, Catan and Tetris).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLVVnzFXKiA&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

The Game Show of Nerdy Corrections (Lord of the Rings, Jurassic Park, Star Trek).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6AaUM_xnUw&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

The Game Show of Nerdy Corrections (Mario, Stranger Things, Stephen King).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmzMsSrpAC0&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

The Miracle of Godzilla Birth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RnID6enEYXA&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

The Nightmare After the Fifth Element.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_G33nN9fXY&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

The Twilight Zone & TMNT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xI9LzM39zro&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

There Are No Dinosaurs In Alien (Tournament of Champions, Pt 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a3r2Wf6AMs&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Um Actually Strikes Back (Ep 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1mTP75jVC8&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Um Actually The Game Show Where Nerds Correct Nerds (Episode 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IETbROVCYJ4&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Um Actually The Game Show Where Nerds Correct Nerds (Episode 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBVRvVMWIA8&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Um, Actually Bigger, Longer, and Wronger [Full Episode].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsZjFAfJJ3c&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Um, Actually Ep. 6 Monsters, Moogles, and Side Mirrors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zWTMF7kLSI&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Um, Actually Ep. 7 House Crests, House Crushings, and the Kongs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5imeyaGEIdU&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

UM, ACTUALLY Is a Big Show Now! [Official Trailer].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hpr57s-oil4&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Um, Actually Make-Up, Maps, and Mythical Dragons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUabsUtAeiw&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Um, Actually Star Trek, Schwarzenegger, and Stoker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpExylE3C9Q&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Um, Actually the Game Show of Nerdy Corrections (Ep. 5).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dactFGD2qU&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Um, Actually The Game Show Where Nerds Correct Nerds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qam4iiya1q0&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Warhammer & The Weasleys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxNe1tmG5ac&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Were Clark Kent and Lois Lane Pervs (Fans vs. Faves Pt. 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsBCzcGTB_Q&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

What Genie and Abu Have in Common (Fans vs. Faves Pt. 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ii3bvHNWJ20&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1

Who Cares About Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmaqkDlKWCI&list=PLuKg-WhduhkmztJgPlUeD6c5RwnkqEjd1
Um, Actually