
1.  Bash Brothers Soundtrack
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/Bash_Brothers_Soundtrack/Bash_Brothers_Soundtrack.txt

2.  Best of The Lonely Island Music Videos Compilation
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/Best_of_The_Lonely_Island_Music_Videos_Compilation/Best_of_The_Lonely_Island_Music_Videos_Compilation.txt

3.  Cyanide & Happiness
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/Cyanide_&_Happiness/Cyanide_&_Happiness.txt

4.  Lonely Island
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/Lonely_Island/Lonely_Island.txt

5.  Lonely Island  The Wack Album
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/Lonely_Island__The_Wack_Album/Lonely_Island__The_Wack_Album.txt

6.  Lonely Island - Turtleneck and Chain
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/Lonely_Island_-_Turtleneck_and_Chain/Lonely_Island_-_Turtleneck_and_Chain.txt

7.  On Stage Tonight The Lonely Island
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/On_Stage_Tonight_The_Lonely_Island/On_Stage_Tonight_The_Lonely_Island.txt

8.  Popstar Never Stop Never Stopping (Original Soundtrack)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/Popstar_Never_Stop_Never_Stopping_(Original_Soundtrack)/Popstar_Never_Stop_Never_Stopping_(Original_Soundtrack).txt

9.  The 'BU (Complete Series)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/The_'BU_(Complete_Series)/The_'BU_(Complete_Series).txt

10.  The Lonely Island
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/The_Lonely_Island/The_Lonely_Island.txt

11.  The Lonely Island - All songs
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/The_Lonely_Island_-_All_songs/The_Lonely_Island_-_All_songs.txt

12.  The Lonely Island - Dck In A Box Trilogy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/The_Lonely_Island_-_Dck_In_A_Box_Trilogy/The_Lonely_Island_-_Dck_In_A_Box_Trilogy.txt

13.  The Lonely Island - Greatest Hits
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/The_Lonely_Island_-_Greatest_Hits/The_Lonely_Island_-_Greatest_Hits.txt

14.  The Lonely Island - Incredibad
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/The_Lonely_Island_-_Incredibad/The_Lonely_Island_-_Incredibad.txt

15.  The Lonely Island - The Wack Album (Complete With Videos)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/The_Lonely_Island_-_The_Wack_Album_(Complete_With_Videos)/The_Lonely_Island_-_The_Wack_Album_(Complete_With_Videos).txt

16.  The Lonely Island Incredibad
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/The_Lonely_Island_Incredibad/The_Lonely_Island_Incredibad.txt

17.  The Lonely Island Live at Bonnaroo 2019
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/The_Lonely_Island_Live_at_Bonnaroo_2019/The_Lonely_Island_Live_at_Bonnaroo_2019.txt

18.  the lonely island mix
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/the_lonely_island_mix/the_lonely_island_mix.txt

19.  The Lonely Island Music Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/The_Lonely_Island_Music_Videos/The_Lonely_Island_Music_Videos.txt

20.  the lonely island playlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/the_lonely_island_playlist/the_lonely_island_playlist.txt

21.  The lonely island songs
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/The_lonely_island_songs/The_lonely_island_songs.txt

22.  The Lonely Island Videos
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Comedy/The_Lonely_Island/The_Lonely_Island_Videos/The_Lonely_Island_Videos.txt
The Lonely Island