
1.  Animals - The House Of The Rising Sun (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxYGeTV6fCw&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

2.  BILLY BLAND   Let The Little Girl Dance  FEB '60.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOwwamcOngw&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

3.  Bobby Darin Splish Splash WLyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KmKkV3ddAo&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

4.  Bobby Fuller Four - I Fought The Law(1966).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgtQj8O92eI&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

5.  Bring it on home to me - Sam Cooke.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRGRKMWEe-c&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

6.  Buddy Holly Words Of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfollv1111I&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

7.  Crimson and Clover - Tommy James & The Shondells.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpGEeneO-t0&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

8.  Dobie Gray - The 'In' Crowd.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sx3mOvD474&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

9.  DON GIBSON  Sea Of Heartbreak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4bo4ByFhLM&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

10.  Dusty Springfield - Wishin & Hopin 1964.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAdTsAKvVTU&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

11.  Elvis Presley - All Shook Up - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATDJ8VPJG5s&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

12.  Gary (U.S.) Bonds - New Orleans (1960).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkRiuES4zwQ&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

13.  Good Golly Miss Molly-Little Richard-original song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5VkTcmQxD8&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

14.  Handyman-Jimmy Jones-original song-1960.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVyBRdBVCiU&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

15.  Iko Iko - Mardi Gras - Just Dance 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRmPbmmPp6k&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

16.  Isley Brothers - Twist and Shout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTaqn8_gMR0&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

17.  Jackie Wilson - Lonely Teardrops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ssjvFLniUU&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

18.  Jackie Wilson Stop Doggin' Me Around.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8m-euOarB0k&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

19.  Jambalaya on the Bayou - Hank Williams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnKOVPXhlnE&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

20.  Jimmy Jones - Good Timin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmRG0Y5N8lg&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

21.  JOE TURNER   Shake, Rattle and Roll   78 rpm  1954.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9wTQsAgktg&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

22.  Killing Floor (1964 Single) - Howlin' Wolf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3C4PsXoFslM&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

23.  Link Wray - Rumble [HQ - Best Version].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucTg6rZJCu4&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

24.  Lloy Price - Stagger Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCPutYaGFlE&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

25.  Louvin Brothers - You're Learning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfWZ8IYINRM&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

26.  Love Potion No. Nine-The Clovers-1959.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nt7htnE1s4o&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

27.  Percy Faith - Theme From A Summer Place [1960].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iSxrwMnQYuk&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

28.  Randy Newman - Mama Told Me Not To Come.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUmLAGEHB0U&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

29.  Ritchie Valens-Donna.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMcHbh6HBDk&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

30.  Rock Around the Clock-Bill Haley-original song-1955.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud_JZcC0tHI&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

31.  Roy Orbison - In Dreams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbxsmcT7GOk&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

32.  Roy Orbison - Oh, Pretty Woman (from Black & White Night).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PLq0_7k1jk&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

33.  Sam Cooke  Chain Gang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmZdvVnMXCc&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

34.  Sam The Sham & The Pharaohs Woolly Bully.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZJiGu6Gz8E&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

35.  Shocking Blue - Venus (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LhkyyCvUHk&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

36.  SMOKEY ROBINSON & THE MIRACLES - GOING TO A GO-GO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWt4Hz1KGcQ&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

37.  The Association - Along Comes Mary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esDUHNi9Er8&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

38.  The Jaynetts - Sally, Go Round the Roses [Stereo] (1963).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PePXnXxRGE&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

39.  The Platters - The Great Pretender - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwfmbXJEBtY&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

40.  The Real Ritchie Valens - La Bamba.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jp6j5HJ-Cok&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

41.  THE SHANGRI LAS Remember Walkin' in the sand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fy8_38U3xLU&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

42.  The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

43.  The Turtles - Elenore lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeAtre3Bxg8&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

44.  The Who - My Generation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MnDbWqe_kQ&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

45.  Tossin' and Turnin' - Bobby Lewis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uEPDEJbJu0&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs

46.  Wild Thing-The Troggs (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8m10Ypl2pDA&list=PLO_T1p4Pm7tzP3uvXfT40AzHIkpuMHICs
Greatest Hit's of the 40's, 50's & 60's