
99 Problems But a Beach Ain't One  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TqRk7KxAp8&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Barbershop Quartet GONE SEXUAL  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PC2QacvKaW8&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Call The Police  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwAmtOGrq_w&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Cartoons That Will Make You Hungry  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIJYpYkCDNw&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Children, Do Not Watch This  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmYr6OoRUQg&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Cloudy Days & Cloudy Dads  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOUOyIYezYs&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Cool Kids And Bad Dads  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViEKpPzMv0E&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Cyanide & Happiness Sing-A-Long Special  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mH3x6u0IXhI&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Danger Dudes  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ArpDfOjacbs&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Disrespecting The Dead  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71MJnd4__zk&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Don't Try This At Home  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U2KQ2l1_u2s&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Farm Life  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pe9WW3-UQic&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Fatherly Fails  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LC6_OmxLItM&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Help! I'm Bad At My Job!  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQPdcPM-oCg&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Historical Events That REALLY HAPPENED  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfoajVxzwAQ&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Horrible Horse Crimes  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCx-UbngJv8&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Human Ingenuity At Its Worst  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjINW3JmzME&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Malpractice Makes Perfect  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eLKWI3MorQ&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

MEDICAL MAYHEM!  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4-armgzQAA&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Action Guys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyl_zvPDSbY&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Airplanes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xjelH4-0Z8&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tyl8WaLGBeg&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Babies #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WOhC9-qVEo&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Babies #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQ0lf57LFjI&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Bathroom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=on8xOQ32YM8&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Breaking Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzIlJPJE96Y&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Cars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeUJAkN8ZbM&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Clowns.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84iB6SXlttw&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Cowboys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0e6NYRgddIA&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Dating.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ow9u3BDV5E&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Doctors #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x86CbJWfVjI&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhQxGf4PUqU&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Fairy Tales #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vva35YZIUBU&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Food #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R20q7KhmXyE&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Food #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEwuxqM6nOY&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Fortune Tellers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nStX_WFvj44&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Inventions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lURIq3PUwtk&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Jesus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzkGG4iXWNo&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup John Battman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhqW5qOr92Y&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Kids #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Wf8Mb_AuE8&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Kids #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNVnJFF1I_w&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Marriage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_izdaEIcHA&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Mothers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5ObqHKVxNM&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Office.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsiUltBcFaM&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qhpCAtWWfU&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Pets #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28ShCMGTK2c&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Pregnancy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V6bjytGpV_M&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Prison.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpdlhQK1euc&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Puppets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xk9k2C6coCY&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Resolutions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ef0d2oHJXnM&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Robbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfJqoPSilr4&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Sad Times.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4yqVHzwrFQ&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup School #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkz1GEPXmEQ&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Ships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7jMtUo73wo&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Superheros #1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIwHsRpU4TY&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Surgery.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NOGbG4QVlc&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Video Games.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvQUSlp4k60&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Monday Mashup Who is Mothman - Cyanide & Happiness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0-qkWXdS38&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Not So Secret Agents  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPd5yFin1_s&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Old Men Speedrunning Death  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8TdFDhPcFY&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Oldies But Goodies  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DE19qizwYgE&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Once Upon A Time  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O06EtbOmMa8&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Punching Solves Everything  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJaBYXuING0&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Retail Horror Stories  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pJKGL60Hms&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpykJ8rBHz4&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Six Classic Cyanide & Happiness Toons  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Pgve5QPCEM&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Spiders Everywhere Oh My God  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxoM1oWtpcE&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Spooky Tales of Spookiness  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNohLQlVMCc&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Superheroes Suck  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhikRNZqc_E&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

The Baddest of Dads  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JS3Q7AcGpcE&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

The Ballad of Jimmy Williams  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OmRU06btePQ&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

The Deadliest Animals  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oFqU9g1mbEo&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

The Eye Stabber Cometh  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0pFYWVAXN0&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

The Most Dangerous Games  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaMvondfoxk&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

The Worst Superheros Ever  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOXsZmhbl50&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

These Jokes Aren't Funny  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQoJgVXmAe0&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Three Signs He's Cheating  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgcS1PQ58rU&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Top 3 Inspirational Dads  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kAFa2E2QdU&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Toxic Relationships  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jygvTXb5CM&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Trains, Planes, and Automobiles  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewBEFSvAg20&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

True Stories From The Bible  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvN3MGw4_fs&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Very Important Questions  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1L-jzwoBKU&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Watch What You Eat  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sP5wZYfMp88&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Welcome to the Gun Show  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHMEMwIr2jo&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Where Do Babies Come From  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JbCmHHIwL4&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Who's a Good Boy  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOx7nCglpmg&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Why All Children Should Be Banned!  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1sDtcjQXb4w&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Why Schools Should Stay Closed  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvhW8tTRa2M&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B

Worst Doctors Ever  Cyanide & Happiness Monday Mashup.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lUJEzgwrpY&list=PLE7j5FieXSTdnmw8iMxw9Qa0uL-nLrN_B
Monday Mashup  Cyanide & Happiness