
1.  Justin Bieber - 2 Much (Live from Paris).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFJjczkU4So&pp=sAQA

2.  Justin Bieber - Afraid To Say (feat. Lauren Walters).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VcvAlrC7sY&pp=sAQA

3.  Justin Bieber - All She Wrote (feat. Brandon Love, Chandler Moore).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V74BjSgbnrY&pp=sAQA

4.  Justin Bieber - Anyone (Official Live Performance)  Vevo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ox7gSxYZwEU&pp=sAQA

5.  Justin Bieber - Freedom (with BEAM).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtOFgX0_ggc&pp=sAQA

6.  Justin Bieber - Hold On (Live from iHeart Radio’s Wango Tango 2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgxphTU1mA4&pp=sAQA

7.  Justin Bieber - Hold On (Live from Paris).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WHPExTeOwg&pp=sAQA

8.  Justin Bieber - Holy (Official Live Performance)  Vevo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvWiueLeyKw&pp=sAQA

9.  Justin Bieber - I Can't Be Myself (Visualizer) ft. Jaden Smith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktYAU-tIZQA&pp=sAQA

10.  Justin Bieber - Justin Bieber - “Somebody” (Live from the 2021 Juno Awards).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOnkozBboi4&pp=sAQA

11.  Justin Bieber - Know No Better (Visualizer) ft. Da Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcJvP3FujHM&pp=sAQA

12.  Justin Bieber - Live from Paris (afterparty).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOr6L844U9I&pp=sAQB

13.  Justin Bieber - Live from Paris (Livestream).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBjNRLiLO5Y&pp=sAQA

14.  Justin Bieber - Lonely (Official Live Performance)  Vevo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQ1eqKQJwtw&pp=sAQA

15.  Justin Bieber - Love You Different (Live from iHeart Radio’s Wango Tango 2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lzdc6YzruAk&pp=sAQA

16.  Justin Bieber - Name (Visualizer) ft. Tori Kelly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7_x8Unut1k&pp=sAQA

17.  Justin Bieber - Off My Face (Live from Paris).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENjrJ_zyeUc&pp=sAQA

18.  Justin Bieber - Peaches  Hold On (Live On The Voice  2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ea9ExLiqczk&pp=sAQA

19.  Justin Bieber - Peaches (Live from iHeart Radio’s Wango Tango 2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fthgObi-Ro&pp=sAQA

20.  Justin Bieber - Peaches (Masterkraft Remix) ft. Alpha P & Omah Lay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZ2mytHtlpk&pp=sAQA

21.  Justin Bieber - Peaches (Remix) ft. Ludacris, Usher & Snoop Dogg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oZOU306yv2g&pp=sAQA

22.  Justin Bieber - Peaches (TikTok Compilation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bb25xjTl3Os&pp=sAQA

23.  Justin Bieber - Somebody (Live from iHeart Radio’s Wango Tango 2021).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DFkluPS4JI&pp=sAQA

24.  Justin Bieber - Somebody (Live from Paris).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pYsfaQeMRs&pp=sAQA

25.  Justin Bieber - The Making of 'Peaches'  Vevo Footnotes ft. Daniel Caesar, Givéon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJgf7JqM4n4&pp=sAQA

26.  Justin Bieber - Unstable (Live from Paris).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FDmH922dDA&pp=sAQA

27.  Justin Bieber - We're In This Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdZ02AU3TAM&pp=sAQA

28.  Justin Bieber - Where Do I Fit In (feat. Tori Kelly, Chandler Moore, Judah Smith).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyGRH8BlfZA&pp=sAQA

29.  Justin Bieber - Where You Go I Follow (feat. Pink Sweat$, Chandler Moore, Judah Smith).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BNmPM8IGLU&pp=sAQA

30.  Justin Bieber, The Kid LAROI - Stay (Montage).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J41JVFDc4B0&pp=sAQA
Justin Bieber