
1.  Action Movie Pun Brainstorm (With Rob Huebel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZZ2MVCWfgs&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

2.  Airplane Jousting with Richard Branson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z02sWUS6zwc&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

3.  Aziz Ansari Adopts A Kid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIQHfDthOKU&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

4.  Aziz Ansari Presents Parks and Recreation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DAwN-kdrHo&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

5.  Bad Hostage Negotiator (with Rob Corddry).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiZjn0xSn1Q&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

6.  Bassists Look Too Bored (with Mark Hoppus).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uF7vghzj6pk&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

7.  Bathroom Etiquette (with Adam Carolla).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILgKO2tMMWA&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

8.  Boyz II Men Ringtones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X29PMwj8Evo&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

9.  Can I Give You A Ticket (With Anna Torv).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ceZobScdB4M&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

10.  Catan with John Lutz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qP2T_zy_Hdo&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

11.  Girlie Slumber Party (with Michelle Rodriguez).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dS5AAWbCt8&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

12.  Hugh Jackman's Teacher Interview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fipSEmdj3i0&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

13.  I'll Make Like To You (with Romany Malco).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTUX32NQf3M&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

14.  I'm Such A Nerd (with Katrina Bowden).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxx6BupgRmI&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

15.  Jake and Amir Rick Fox 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ET_FBFPjYGs&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

16.  Jake and Amir Rick Fox 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dihPq9SaPY&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

17.  Jake and Amir Rick Fox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qqa0M2hufo8&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

18.  John Mayer's Hologram.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAmBnjr1Cdw&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

19.  John Stamos' Guide To Cuddling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ocj_sGKFOIA&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

20.  Jon Jay & David Freese of St. Louis Cardinals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6A4TbHgZsXA&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

21.  Learning Piano to Get Laid (with Bo Burnham).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NdbP6cSFJXs&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

22.  Most Oblivious Man in the World (with Tony Hale).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3RU_Z_oMGc&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

23.  Natalie Portman Laugh (extended).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9eX45Ce_MW8&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

24.  OK Go-Pid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_YOxZ1O2Luo&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

25.  Paul Scheer's Deleted TV Scenes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoV-cLJxuAQ&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

26.  President Hasn't Seen Rocky (ft Patrick Warburton).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVQjYWyocmk&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

27.  Robert Reich Explains the Credit Downgrade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTXzOcv-iyo&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

28.  Secret Girl Language (with Ashley Benson).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9p8aUQTq-M&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

29.  Simon Pegg and Nick Frost's 'Star Wars'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5W8EBHNsLc&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

30.  Star of the Week Interview Rob Huebel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkmNnwQDkIQ&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

31.  The Fall of Dyna-Woman (with Rainn Wilson).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBJ1gkL48e4&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

32.  The Special Effects of Wanderlust (With Ken Marino and David Wain).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RV-2_Z9lPuk&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

33.  The Vibe (featuring Lisa Loeb, Chuck Wicks, Bobby Brackins, and Mike Catherwood).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kckk9qbn67E&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

34.  Tim Cook's First Day On The Job (with Christopher McDonald).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG-tScWpPps&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

35.  Wayne Gretzky's Trick Shots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXB8CDkmygA&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

36.  Weird Al Yankovic On A Boat (And The Band Played On).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMLaxZ39sgs&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

37.  Wings of a Dragon (with Megan Mullally and Nick Offerman).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFJzJUYsNr4&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ

38.  Yes or No Game Show (with Regis Philbin).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yHhimTlvWTI&list=PLIvBSK-m6tfVqjHHjRPcqLMWR-O0fysWZ
Celebrities on CollegeHumor