
1.  Ain't Gonna Hurt Nobody - Brick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mb6lomFxpig&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

2.  Al Green - For The Good Times.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2IpoTKnDPw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

3.  Al Green - Let's Stay Together (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXx6RDzR6eM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

4.  Al Green - Let's Stay Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COiIC3A0ROM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

5.  Al Green - Love and Happiness (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQl54ozhwZg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

6.  Al Green - Simply Beautiful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOxFl4dna3o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

7.  Al Green - Tired of Being Alone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tdw7kxD8eUc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

8.  Al green-How Can You Mend A Broken Heart.wmv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgAFcvIw8J4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

9.  Barry White - Can't Get Enough Of Your Love Baby..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0I6mhZ5wMw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

10.  Barry White - I've Got So Much to Give (1973) - 04. I've Got So Much to Give.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVF_H21yg9E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

11.  Bee Gees - How Deep Is Your Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpqqjU7u5Yc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

12.  Bee Gees - Too Much Heaven (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nREV8bQJ1MA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

13.  Betcha By Golly Wow- Stylistics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alvEUFJtMw8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

14.  Billy Stewart - Sitting In The Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3O1RT392fY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

15.  Bobby Caldwell - What You Won't Do For Love (Slayd5000).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NQ-Bk63Hs8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

16.  Cameo - Sparkle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94wBYL-SbR0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

17.  Cause I Love You - Lenny Williams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbzkwLWK-Ps&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

18.  Chaka Khan and Rufus - Tell me something Good (RE-MASTERED) Official Video HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cm_cFzVAoo8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

19.  Commodores - Sail On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg-ivWxy5KE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

20.  DeBarge - I Like It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqaKisKIyUo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

21.  Delegation - Oh Honey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbMzoSVKp1Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

22.  Earth, Wind & Fire - After The Love Has Gone (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUCLNPOjPZw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

23.  Easy - The Commodores.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XcTyEKSnYg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

24.  Enchantment - It's You That I Need.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgF7Q48Kn9M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

25.  Etta James - I'd Rather Go Blind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9sq3ME0JHQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

26.  Freddie Jackson-You Are My Lady.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqDkK1K5k4Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

27.  GQ-I do love you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YOKq1VmEbtc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

28.  GROOVE WITH YOU - Isley Brothers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-uqxiE_qYc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

29.  I Miss You  - Harold Melvin And The Bluenotes - [ LYRICS ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ey2JUUrBFs8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

30.  If You Don't Know Me By Now - Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbaSh8i5eyE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

31.  Isley Brothers- Living for the Love of you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMdBs7uTLHw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

32.  L.T.D.-love ballad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZHgUQqiWDI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

33.  L.T.D.-We Both Deserve each Other's Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xy3FBYE9KDQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

34.  Ladies Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVWqSWmzgYA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

35.  Leroy Hutson So In Love With You...ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbIqdjEyrcA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

36.  ll never love this way again - Dionne Warwick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TtI-tKqDmqU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

37.  Luther Ingram - If lovin you is wrong i don't wanna be right.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWAUCVbnDUg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

38.  Michael Jackson - Off The Wall - I Can't Help It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnhWML43NI8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

39.  MISTY BLUE DOROTHY MOORE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMONGMDEerI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

40.  Money - Pink Floyd + Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkhX5W7JoWI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

41.  Neither One Of Us Gladys Knight and the Pips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_Lh4MFiw08&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

42.  O'Jays - Cry Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9yRGwRQ1xU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

43.  Peabo Bryson - I'm So Into You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-MEM_NP9n0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

44.  Player - Baby Come Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn-enjcgV1o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

45.  Rose Royce - I Wanna Get Next To You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EO1nfSCKrU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

46.  Rose Royce - Love don't live here anymore 1978.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5gFAiPJhvI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

47.  Silly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpujKn_rc5M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

48.  Smokey Robinson - The Agony And The Ecstasy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMA2pDXZGOI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

49.  Smokey Robinson – Cruisin' [Official Lyric Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gx77P0VH6FA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

50.  Staple Singers - Let's Do It Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIS4P8xbPtg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

51.  Stevie Wonder - As.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYQfWJNWe3I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

52.  Stevie Wonder - Higher Ground.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wZ3ZG_Wams&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

53.  Stevie Wonder - I Wish (the original version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYKYka-PNt0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

54.  Stevie Wonder - Sir Duke.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sIjSNTS7Fs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

55.  Stevie Wonder-Isn't She Lovely Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVvkjuEAwgU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

56.  Strawberry Letter 23 - The Brothers Johnson ( 12 Extended ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-ipH9Ws-zs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

57.  Switch - I Call Your Name.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeUG-xWj1IQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

58.  Switch - There'll never be.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLKkkOoszAA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

59.  Teddy Pendergrass - Close The Door (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DJk7h6uLZw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

60.  Teddy Pendergrass - Come go with me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzYM01Smsug&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

61.  The Brothers Johnson-I'll Be Good To You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4FCs4p9oqA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

62.  The Chi-lites Have you seen her.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVYxKRXDT2I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

63.  The Commodores-Brick House.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrBx6mAWYPU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

64.  The Floaters - Float On  -  HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZklwTGZutc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

65.  the floaters - float on.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT_9OUvmb5I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

66.  The Fuzz - I Love You For All Seasons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ogf0PjQgV8k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

67.  The Isley Brothers - Make Me Say it Again girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHH_EMeRjGA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

68.  The Persuaders - Thin Line between Love & Hate - Video (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULuHJgCos7A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

69.  The Police - Roxanne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T1c7GkzRQQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

70.  The Spinners - Could It Be I'm Falling In Love (1973) (HDTV).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EU4UTDrSwQc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

71.  The Spinners-Working my way back to you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TY_AlrfB3U0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

72.  The Stylistics-You make me feel brand new.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJm51jsRoo0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

73.  The Sytlistics - Break Up to Make Up (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCfgAZUWEb0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

74.  The Temptations - Just My Imagination (Running Away with Me) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M5Z9-QCmZyw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

75.  The Whispers - And the Beat Goes On (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slldMEPvUqA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

76.  This Masquerade - George Benson (1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-ibK5L2a4I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

77.  Todd Rundgren - Hello It's Me  (1972).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLeCB7Kn-VE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

78.  WAR - All Day Music (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coHUt4si8Oo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

79.  Whitney Houston - Greatest Love Of All (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYzlVDlE72w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

80.  Wishing on a Star.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyWfFRa4M1Y&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

81.  Would You Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo28LJ5Vwl0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi

82.  Zoom - Commodores.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPQz5nCn158&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDZtqt-3vAkXg_Aq2vTHByi
70s R&B Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1970's Rhythm and Blues Songs