
1.  All I Have To Do Is Dream - Everly Brothers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbU3zdAgiX8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

2.  Art Blakey & the Jazz Messengers - Moanin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv9NSR-2DwM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

3.  Bill Haley & His Comets - Rock Around The Clock (1955) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgdufzXvjqw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

4.  Bobby Darin - Beyond the sea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8OlDPqYBLw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

5.  Bobby Darin - Dream Lover (Lyrics On-Screen and in Description).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_urVDCrf5A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

6.  Bruno Mars - Versace on the Floor (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FyjEnoIgTM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

7.  Buddy Holly - Everyday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMezwtB1oCU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

8.  Chordettes - Lollipop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rYoRaxgOE0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

9.  Chuck Berry Sweet Little Sixteen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLV4NGpoy_E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

10.  Cliff Richard - Devil Woman (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgomTOOgl8M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

11.  Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

12.  Dave Brubeck - Take Five ( Original Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHdU5sHigYQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

13.  Dean Martin - Buona Sera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZKtRyjfbjU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

14.  Dean Martin - Mambo Italiano.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAQQ1Vlk1nE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

15.  Dean Martin - That's Amore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnFlx2Lnr9Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

16.  Dean Martin - Volare - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah637P0_cts&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

17.  Def Leppard - Photograph (Lyrics) Official Remaster.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asY-2HWqpGM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

18.  Dion & The Belmonts I Wonder Why 1958.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAPEfdjvTqE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

19.  Doris Day - Que Sera Sera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZbKHDPPrrc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

20.  Eddie cochran  C'mon everybody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qadw2rFiaJc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

21.  Elvis Presley - Blue Suede Shoes 1956 (COLOR and STEREO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bm5HKlQ6nGM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

22.  Elvis Presley - Don't Be Cruel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fM4svoKvotw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

23.  Elvis Presley - Heartbreak Hotel (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9BLw4W5KU8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

24.  Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock ('68 Comeback Special 50th Anniversary HD Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqBdTn3_0Rw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

25.  Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock (Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj0Rz-uP4Mk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

26.  Elvis Presley - Teddy Bear - 1957.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89MihWd6zKk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

27.  Elvis Presley All Shook Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rQEbQJx5Bo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

28.  Elvis Presley Love Me Tender (1956) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lD711_Xh8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

29.  elvis presley-hound dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzQ8GDBA8Is&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

30.  Everly Brothers - Bye Bye Love - Original HQ Audio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRyrWN-fftE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

31.  Faouzia - You Don't Even Know Me (Stripped).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VaBRY6PYNLI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

32.  Fats Domino - Blueberry Hill (From Legends of Rock 'n' Roll).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mix3gmzPa0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

33.  Fever - Peggy Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGb5IweiYG8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

34.  Giant Steps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30FTr6G53VU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

35.  Hank Williams - Hey Good Lookin' (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjCoKslQOEs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

36.  happy days  theme song  original complete.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slvGKU7HF6M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

37.  Hey Ya!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7XnDlYY9qw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

38.  I've Got You Under My Skin - Frank Sinatra  Concert Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqH7VwpSwBo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

39.  In the Still of the Night - Fred Parris and The Satins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBT3oDMCWpI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

40.  J-O-H-N-N-Y C-A-S-H - I've Been Everywhere - With Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov4epAJRPMw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

41.  Jackie Wilson - Lonely teardrops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nEfuE8Pw4U&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

42.  Jackie Wilson - Reet Petite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tE46zm4yjhA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

43.  jerry lee lewis great balls of fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZD8YPY8RBQc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

44.  Johnny Tillotson - Why Do I Love You So (1959).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAGOwTqqgYU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

45.  Little Anthony Tears on My Pillow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxjQ3M_v7xc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

46.  Little Darlin'-The Diamonds-1957.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SaHPgTdF1g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

47.  Little Richard - Long Tall Sally - from Don't Knock The Rock - HQ 1956.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqxNSvFMkag&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

48.  Little Richard - Lucille (1957) [Long Version, High Quality Sound].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0Ujb6lJ_mM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

49.  Little Richard - Tutti Frutti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F13JNjpNW6c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

50.  Lucille.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8hOvsg_AiY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

51.  Luther Allison - It's Been a Long Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRSiGOJ5c2c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

52.  Marty Robbins - El Paso (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWm5WErkffQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

53.  Michael Jackson - Bad (Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUXAEzaC3Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

54.  Mr. Sandman - The Chordettes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX45pYvxDiA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

55.  Nat King Cole sings When I Fall in Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfAb0gNPy6s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

56.  Neil Sedaka Oh Carol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e72tG80LmsU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

57.  nina simone - my baby just cares for me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYSbUOoq4Vg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

58.  Olly Murs - Troublemaker ft. Flo Rida.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aQDOUbErNg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

59.  otis taylor - resurrection blues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OG8Fjv42nM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

60.  Patience and Prudence - Tonight You Belong To Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOjVjc5vJ6I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

61.  PAUL ANKA -  DIANA HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar-zZ21iW9w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

62.  Paul Anka - Put Your Head On My Shoulder (1959) HQ Audio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvxagNIBVLU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

63.  Pearl Jam - Come Back (Like Crazy) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cm__LTpuuRc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

64.  Percy Faith - Theme From A Summer Place.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSsiS-v6_6M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

65.  Rare Hank Williams Video 1952 - Cold Cold Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yCQraOX4Bw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

66.  Ray Charles - I got a woman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnI_LuCJ4Ek&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

67.  Ray Charles - Mess Around.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNe5npkid-s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

68.  Ricky Nelson- Poor Little Fool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R12H8QWnwvE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

69.  Ritchie Valens - La Bamba.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSKJQ18ZoIA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

70.  Ritchie Valens - OH Donna HD Video - Subtitulada (English Lyrics) Captions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IC9zULGSMyA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

71.  Ritchie Valens - We Belong Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkSfMj8D-7c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

72.  Rockin' Robin (Original).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcmvwFcfWmY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

73.  Ryan Bingham 'Wolves'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kaaO3kv3LPQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

74.  Sam Cooke You send me Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrwfB4aAZZc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

75.  Shania Twain - You’re Still The One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNZH-emehxA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

76.  Silky - Playing Games [VISUALISER].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v13F4cIIvss&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

77.  Slow Ride (2016 Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFgrkLzbZOs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

78.  Tennessee Ernie Ford Sings 16 Tons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Joo90ZWrUkU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

79.  The Chords - Sh-Boom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBgQezOF8kY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

80.  The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

81.  The Isley Brothers - Shout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEjLFpU2pJ4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

82.  The Kingsmen - Louie Louie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RZJ4ESU52U&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

83.  The Penguins - Earth Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

84.  The Platters - Only You (And You Alone) (Original Footage HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FygIKsnkCw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

85.  The Platters - Smoke Gets In Your Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2di83WAOhU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

86.  The Platters - The Great Pretender (Original Footage HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEzfhclKO8Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

87.  The Platters - Twilight Time - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGwa2tw7Vws&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

88.  The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

89.  The Supremes Come See About Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PycKSdKG_74&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

90.  Thurston Harris - Little Bitty Pretty One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8j4mn4eF-c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

91.  Try Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeQTWKwiRCc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

92.  Volare - Domenico Modugno - Nel blu dipinto di blu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4IjJav7xbg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

93.  Walkin' After Midnight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIoWEhrP1jo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

94.  What'd I Say, Pt. 1 & 2 (2005 Stereo Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8U3DT2nypv8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

95.  Why Do Fools Fall In Love-Frankie Lymon+The Teenagers-1956.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sAHiR0rkJg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

96.  Yul Brynner and Deborah Kerr perform Shall We Dance from The King and I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgVPnWmUqd4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z

97.  ZAYN - Outside (Comic 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADw3m4UhYak&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBu0CMNZUBcww_EB1g2Vj5Z
50s Dance Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1950's Dance Songs