
1.  All I Have To Do Is Dream - Everly Brothers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbU3zdAgiX8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

2.  Bobby Darin - Dream Lover (Lyrics On-Screen and in Description).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_urVDCrf5A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

3.  Bread Everything I own.wmv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Q1kB0R4Ijs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

4.  Chordettes - Lollipop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rYoRaxgOE0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

5.  Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

6.  Dean Martin - That's Amore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OnFlx2Lnr9Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

7.  Dion & The Belmonts I Wonder Why 1958.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAPEfdjvTqE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

8.  Doris Day - Que Sera Sera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZbKHDPPrrc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

9.  Fever - Peggy Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGb5IweiYG8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

10.  I've Got You Under My Skin - Frank Sinatra  Concert Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OqH7VwpSwBo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

11.  James Brown-Try me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2XY6oRD2xc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

12.  Jo Stafford - You Belong To Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQfF84ackMM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

13.  Johnny Mathis - Chances Are.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEH3uqbpsm8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

14.  Little Darlin'-The Diamonds-1957.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SaHPgTdF1g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

15.  Little Peggy March - I will follow him (best version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JVhbusBDi4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

16.  Love Letters in the Sand  Pat Boone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ENzT9k1LRs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

17.  Mr. Sandman - The Chordettes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX45pYvxDiA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

18.  Oh, Carol - Neil Sedaka - wLyrics?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1RtlMpYOeE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

19.  One Summer Night- The Danleers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QT4LJxBBaF0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

20.  Paul Anka - Put Your Head On My Shoulder (1959) HQ Audio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvxagNIBVLU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

21.  Paul Anka- Diana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wPw5WiABUOA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

22.  perry como   papa loves mambo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujB-BZn3C4g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

23.  Ritchie Valens - OH Donna HD Video - Subtitulada (English Lyrics) Captions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IC9zULGSMyA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

24.  Ritchie Valens-Donna.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMcHbh6HBDk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

25.  Sukiyaki (Ue o Muite Arukou) - Kyu Sakamoto (English Translation and Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C35DrtPlUbc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

26.  The Chordettes Lollipop & Mr. Sandman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fty3Nzc-oiY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

27.  The Crew Cuts - Sh Boom Sh Boom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9G0-4TWwew&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

28.  The Dells - Oh What A Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1ozQT8yQXA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

29.  The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

30.  The Marcels   -   Blue Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0fy1HeJv80&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

31.  The Penguins - Earth Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

32.  The Platters - Only You (And You Alone) (Original Footage HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FygIKsnkCw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

33.  The Platters - Twilight Time - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvRe_pt9XHo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

34.  The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

35.  The Teddy Bears - To know him is to love him  (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIUf6dOGc1c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v

36.  Tommy Edwards - It's All In The Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gtizr2G_7Bk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBbRsqcuGy2lhb0xf931u-v
50s Pop Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1950's Pop Songs