
4 NON BLONDES - WHAT´S UP ( live )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fz2OUoJpR7k&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Afternoons & Coffeespoons - Crash Test Dummies - 1994
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3UVlpbCpZw&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Air Supply - All Out Of Love (Live in Hong Kong)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1EPtz1Uk4s&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Alan Parsons - Sirius  Eye In The Sky (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdyto5rf0HU&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

America - You Can Do Magic 2005
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBTKVjs_I1w&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Beautiful Sunday- Daniel Boone- 1972
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K37BhzM0I8I&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Bellamy Brothers  - Let Your Love Flow 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDNbvwlRu6I&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Bellamy Brothers - Let Your Love Flow (1976) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQQj2rQBFvA&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Better Than Nothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWSJEAGOq74&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Big Country Live - Look Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpGMVt0C6dM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Bryan Ferry - Jealous Guy [2007-02-10 London]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zD_VrFJOnss&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Clarence Clemons & Jackson Browne - You're a Friend of Mine (Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=087mi1e46us&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

CLASSIX NOUVEAUX - Guilty (1981)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kYicKrvo-s&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over (Live At Sydney Opera House)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zguFTB8RuGM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over Live (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I52eefwAKDE&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Crystal Gayle - Eddie Rabbitt - duet - you and I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0sxMMsDgtM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Danny Wilson ' Mary's Prayer '
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcRJiRxBEro&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Dave Mason-We Just Disagree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8_FOQ7-P30&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Dennis Deyoung Desert Moon (Subtítulado.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQBk6wJZou4&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Do You Miss Me - Morris Albert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PsOOxUb24GA&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Doobie Brothers - Listen To The Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJqk2yWUGTM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Electric Light Orchestra - Hold On Tight (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkekqVPIc2M&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

ELVIS PRESLEY Kentucky Rain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YU2U3QAUGak&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Fooled Around And Fell In Love - Elvin Bishop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nvglqc3QYq8&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Gallery -  It's So Nice To Be With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cFm2a5vykc&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Gene Loves Jezebel ~ The Motion Of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6vmCJujsaM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Glass Tiger - My Town
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tu8JFZw3L6A&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Go Go's   Live in Central Park 2001 part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjNZcGP-jAk&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Goo Goo Dolls - Iris [Official Live Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFmt2Y3nNDk&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Have You Ever Seen the Rain - John Fogerty (Creedence Clearwater Revival)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnuB_DjhC0M&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

HOOBASTANK - the reason (live Mtv2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n02-qSsXojg&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Icehouse - Crazy   (Live in Sydney)  Moshcam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bl8p2iAy2ec&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Icehouse - Electric Blue (Live in Sydney)  Moshcam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvml5v2j2JM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Icehouse - Great Southern Land   (Live in Sydney)  Moshcam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yMwh-nFeHto&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Iggy Pop - Real Wild Child (Wild One)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFISxt-5pKY&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Jesse Cook  Fall at Your Feet (Live at The Rose Theatre)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibggo2ygmAw&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

John Lennon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJsg29cpj_s&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Little River Band - Cool Change Live! `1981 HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mC5PBPpr7Js&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Lovers in the Wind Roger Hodgson, co-founder of Supertramp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PCGsrqwM9FI&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Maneater (1988) - Hall & Oates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUxzJqDOq0A&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Maneater (1995) - Hall&Oates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXIPiKb-D2g&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Moody Blues - Nights in White Satin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjUqfRrWwcM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Mr  Big   Wild World   Live at Budokan 2009
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Hiz7xS93pA&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Mr. Big - To Be With You (Live from the living room)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTtQtO1bNZY&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Night Ranger - Goodbye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg-KJSv-2aE&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

no matter what
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogjFSW7PqRY&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Orleans  - Dance With Me (1141759)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-IXJLgRnvs&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Orleans  - Dance With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-IXJLgRnvs&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Orleans - Still The One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrPnBkjdaFM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Orleans-Still The One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3s8Ji9bnaE&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Paul McCartney - Get Out Of My Way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKKNETjJqTA&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Paul McCartney - Peace In The Neighborhood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrEXElLpxTo&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Procol Harum - A Whiter Shade of Pale, live in Denmark 2006
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=St6jyEFe5WM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

R.E.M. - The One I Love (Perfect Square '04)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2XubQsVwtY&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Roxy Music, Avalon, Live at the Apollo 2001[HD]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MD64krIG0J0&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Scandal, Patty Smyth - Goodbye To You (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_50-gOeBilc&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Shawn Mullins - Lullaby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hG9C0VwruXE&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Simply Jesse by Rex Smith with Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaREuFYjcYY&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Splender - I Think God Can Explain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fw0GiDHX6Q0&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Stampeders - Sweet City Woman (1971 - HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CPt3eSBJiQ&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Suspicious Mind - Elvis Presley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBmAPYkPeYU&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Talking Heads - Wild Wild Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NXkM8PsPXs&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

The Alarm - Rescue me.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbJ59BM5T_k&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

The Calling - Wherever You Will Go  Live In Paris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWFzX4mXu5Q&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

The Choirboys - Run To Paradise (1987, Enhanced)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2cZ732OQt4&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

The Cult - Rain (Live  1986)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbQfidh8wfA&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

The Cult - She Sells Sanctuary 2001 Live Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfo5g2p7IZE&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

The Outfield - All The Love In The World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvKJ8_7vBxs&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

The Outfield - My Paradise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JG6bA5GJ1hc&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

The Outfield - Since You've Been Gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiMineG1w3U&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

The Outfield - Your Love (Official HD Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N1iwQxiHrs&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

The Way You Do The Things You Do - UB40
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IaOx6bbPPns&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Tom Jones, Help Yourself, Festival de Viña 2007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THYWuznmMak&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Tom Petty - Free Fallin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWJXDG2i0A&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Train - Hey Soul Sister (Live on Letterman)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8C4cRGRzXtg&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

UB40 & Chrissie Hynde - I Got You Babe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AH7tXaoNRSo&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

WE'RE ALL ALONE  Live) ?Boz Scaggs (360p)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbpsaYqkwHw&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Westlife - I Have A Dream with Lyrics (Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jRwWhOt0_g&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

Westlife - No Matter What - Boyzone, with Lyrics,
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYgRU0Slzxk&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

You Are The Woman,   FIREFALL 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIX2vzyizoM&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

? Scottish Music - I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles) ? BEST VERSION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggu0ZqqBq4k&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

??????????Ronan Keating When You Say Nothing at All ??? ????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bck0aY7dtiY&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi

????«You Raise Me Up »
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jW1dXDb7aDw&list=PLgTorTVCekZhQesUUZRLh_FKEZjaovpJi
60s 70s 80s 90s live concert