
#AquashellaFishTubeDonation Do You Have A Youtube Channel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQcGCxDRcqY

10 gallon Betta Fish Tank with Potted Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kKQ0MoEYSs

100's of Snails and How to Care For Them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_z17Ss4mEo

125 Gallon Planted Tank Completed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WO5pDwf515g

2 Month old Guppy Fry and Feeding Them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCCX9eZIOe0

2 years on YouTube! Feed The Fish with Me!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vh_4CmmL74Q

75 Gallon Betta Community Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVoAjM_dnX0

75 Gallon Betta Fish Tank Mini Makeover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmG2FAzQWsc

75 Gallon Update and Getting a LARGE New Tank.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VlYZaaAy_1c

75 Gallon Update and LOTS of New Fish.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QqhjOv5x6s

A Day in the Life of a Fish Keeper ( behind the scenes of Lifewithpets)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRuBAU40POQ

A Day in the Life Of A Fishkeeper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJh61y54jjs

A Look back at 2017, Wow How Far We’ve come!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X27INf79jcc

Adding a New Betta Fish to the Female Community Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7gBsY-K-ow

Adding Another Female To The 75 Gallon Betta Fish Tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Chwa1XJcJoo

All our Aquariums in ONE video! (So much has changed) 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAtmx5_1oPQ

All our Betta fish and a New Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Psc-h1JkiYg

All our Betta Fish tanks (Updated)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNQC1LAk0Ew

All Our Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYGz8y0ARyc

All Our Current Tanks and Betta Fish Death.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnfDYEuv94M

All our Tanks (Fish Room Tour)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56s5PoSL0As

All Our Tanks in Depth. Betta Fish, Guppies, Amazon Puffers Goldfish  and More!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1P2MrYhTgFw

Amazon puffer fish Updates and Feeding.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbQfRI-mv74

Aquarium Heaters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lg58XtbL6jE

Aquarium Makeover. Getting Ready for New Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jD8fThMF1Xs

Aqueon QuietFlow Internal Filter Review and Unboxing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YYSU7wmsTk

Are We Doing VLOGMAS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLbthnolBVA

Baby Bettas Live
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pv5lRwKCgGg

Baby Bettas Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obAlZa8WLrk

Baby Goldfish Update and What Happened to our Pothos plant
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=navzfcZy1Ro

Back from Vacation. Did all the fish survive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gs75sZyfC8

Bandit Update and More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wyzvCmIhQU

Behind the Scenes at Sealife Center Orlando
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHrZLtDEnCU

Behind the Scenes tour at Segrest Farms (America's Largest Aquarium Fish Distributor)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eg3vsxGiNPs

Betta Community Tank Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TQHP0lMzRFs

Betta Fish 3 month Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5L6KGYM8Ps

Betta Fish at Segrest Farms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mci0kC36CFQ

Betta Fish Breeding Day 2 through Day 4  (Episode 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8TFRg01fj38

Betta Fish Community Tank Needs A Major Clean Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JfV-zZDf6ns

Betta Fish Cull Survivor and Ich Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaBLbavTXvU

Betta Fish Deaths
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eToJnvajgz0

Betta Fish Filters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pXcuTRQksM

Betta Fish For Sale Q&A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqf4kwBBSfk

Betta Fish For Sale!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ju-3MuChsr4

Betta Fish Fry Changing Color and Moving Tanks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkbyiawO6lg

Betta Fish Fry From Birth to 4 months
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOhfaqreVPg

Betta Fish Fry Living with Guppies.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xoQJtGcdMc

Betta Fish Fry Water Changes. (Lots of Water Changes)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0_BnPlat_0

Betta Fish Growth From Birth to One Month Old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HHmZOC4wn4

Betta fish Hangout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqTQu9NQIjc

Betta Fish Haul and More!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oEyISzLsNM

Betta Fish in a Planted 20 Gallon Community Tank (Update)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nikd4r9zas0

Betta Fish Planted Community Tank Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDn23kLqt4o

Betta Fish Sorority Good Or Bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8LXoMO_h5tw

Betta fish Talk Episode 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rRUCDW0yWQ

Betta Fish Talk with Creative Pet Keeping (Livestream)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11u-q31PnZQ

Betta Fish Talk!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtCzszqiZ4U

Betta Fish Tank UPDATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLz1yc93WKQ

Betta Fry Water Changes and Sneak Peak of New Tank.(Episode 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnM6BttM1ww

BETTA to be THROWN in the TRASH (TWO NEW BETTA FISH)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLfqijILdmk

Breaking Down and Moving Aquariums Tanks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBMCMrGz44s

Breeding Guppies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwnRllICERw

Breeding Our Betta Fish (Episode 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UV1MGGW2tpk

Can a Betta Fish live with other fish.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fuTZJH6YAY

Can Betta Fish Live with Snails.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlxhGlJTlnU

Celebrating 25k Subs. Giveaway! (CLOSED)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EMUYZzcyCg

Challenges With Our Water Changes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apCOnifz7XQ

Choosing a Betta Fish Tank (Episode 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8v0fb59uUY

Christmas Giveaway Winner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SizooipNRRs

Christmas livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hazAb_2WV6E

Christmas3000 Subscriber Giveaway (CLOSED)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEDpKfeVVnM

Cleaning 5 Aquariums ALL at Once!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFjHELyPizw

CLEANING A BETTA  FISH TANK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQJIZ3ohm6M

Cleaning a Betta Sorority Community Tank (Time lapse)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUWXgsS5Q9Y

Cleaning a Divided Betta Tank (Time-lapse )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7JKoVAUIUY

Cleaning a Sunsun Canister filter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-juhliCiW8

Community aquarium with  Large tinfoil barbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBIOd-ChJ80

Compatible Tank mates  for Betta Fish (Collab)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OwLJ08UK7kw

Cycling A Betta Fish Tank (Episode 4)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6v6KJaqTKU

Did the Tank Divider, Pass or Fail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3YtgacDUX8

Divided 10 gallon Betta fish tank ( Fall theme)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfzH9qwXcxU

Divided 10 Gallon Betta Fish Tank Tour ( New Tank Theme)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSH2Iwqd44k

Divided Betta Fish 10 gallon Tank Tour.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ord_7wU_9js

Divided Betta Fish Tank Christmas Theme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLATnK8ihAU

Divided Betta Fish Tank guppy Grass Wall (Betta NAME Reveal)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Epzy63KqGk

Divided Betta Fish Tank Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcQ6E1A6TY8

Divided Betta Fish tanks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVaq0Hq1iuU

DIVIDED SHRIMP TANK SET UP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAqmSPTBuHo

Divided Tank New Set Up (in depth)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pfi6SbKomg0

Do Betta Fish Need a Heater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjEagMZ2Ls4

Do We Still Have Our Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_fqqWlj-2o

Dramatic Goldfish Color Change!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_tMHmxJLvKk

Drastic 75 Gallon Tank Makeover!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MImZMeAqhf8

Easy Aquarium Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPvBPFZsJG4

EASY DIY FILTER for a BETTA FISH TANK.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-NQikxDooo

Easy Planted Divided Betta Fish Tank ( Step by Step)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYFBL0qPkv8

Easy to Grow Beginner Aquarium Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSSe8Z2GpC4

Endangered Fish (Denison Barb)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCehmurO-dA

Euthanizing Our Goldfish (Belfins Story)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozsB3okrWvU

FAQ Female Betta Sorority
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAFA_nBq15E

FAQ on Betta Fish Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSTQgWE4zWY

FAQ on Snails Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3VkBEdrHOuo

FAQ on Snails Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcgi2OyDm4U

Feeding  Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GZ8tf9r0LY

Feeding Betta and Guppy Fry Repashy Gel Food.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbqTwNrXfOE

Feeding Betta Fry.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sode4Bzbrrc

Feeding My  Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrD5dlN5l8c

Feeding Our Fish (Live stream)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yR1SiFsVdsI

Feeding Our Large Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZeOOOh6Xf4

Filthy Aquarium (Why you should NOT Deep Clean Your Aquarium)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gC2aC-CASZg

Fin Rot vs Fin Biting in Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJM5W3VITwo

First Livestream 2019 With SPECIAL guest!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nI71AVqfwfY

Fish DIY Hobbit House.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqs1-rMuemY

Fish Hangout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HLdnVunRvMs

Fish Haul! Petsmart and more.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oE8nAvJmQIk

Fish Room Tank Tour 2019 Betta Fish, Goldfish, Shrimp and Much More
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ciMHaD7AqBY

Fish Room Tour SO Many Tanks, Fish, Shrimp and Snails.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keYUpRsL_1w

Fish Supplies and Organization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwuXvc9lJNk

Fish Tank Disaster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qVTtrSaD1A

Fish Unboxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzQPYSgFyi0

Getting a NEW Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bo5jRpZ0J30

Giveaway 2017 (Closed)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4Ziw8hou9s

Going to a Betta Fish Show (So Many Betta Fish)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4y5b1r6DvFU

Goldfish (Belfin) Gets a BIGGER Tank.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vk6CWIP6OBc

Goldfish 2 Month Growth Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhwg2D24O_Q

Goldfish and Slime updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHKW9sQLotI

Goldfish Babies Moving  (Tanks) Update.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnaeUaVBkJo

Goldfish Death and 6 Month Fry Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjsQ6AjszmU

Goldfish Fry 2 Month Update and Adult Goldfish Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIYoLh6qnXU

Goldfish Fry From Birth to 4 Months Old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9A_j2CArxuI

Goldfish Fry From Birth to 4 weeks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MT1KDwrCGo0

Goldfish Fry Update and Large Fish Food Unboxing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaHeXDOBO_o

Goldfish Gets a New GIRLFRIEND!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3d9bgObRetw

Goldfish Keeping Do's and Don'ts (Collab)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irqS9XwUzL4

Goldfish Tank Set Up (55 Gallon Tank)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3e4TsgKPqq8

Goldfish Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sKFB2D0UT8

Growing Aquarium Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zD0oujnqKko

Happy New Year! Fish Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p72e4FiHmg

Heavily Planted Betta Fish Tank OR is it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZiQNBgrPbw

House Plants in Aquariums. (Sad news Update)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ-NXytQ7q4

How Often Do You Do Water Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uS56JG9qAM

How to add a Betta Fish to a Community Tank.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gEYwup74xjg

How to Add a Betta Fish to an Existing Sorority or Community Tank.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAG5fek4fTc

How to Bleach Dip Aquarium Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKBfLPhKIgo

How to Breed Betta Fish with Big City Bettas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YA86bXsLP9k

How to Breed Guppies STEP by STEP
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aV64OoDo90Q

How to Breed Mystery SnailsApple snail.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-fRppLFh98

How to Choose a Betta Fish and Add It To The Tank (episode 5)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvinTIODiAU

How to Clean a Divided Betta Fish Tank (Collab)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSUBQfbQxUU

How to Clean Aquarium Sand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qiJZ86tCICk

How to Connect Several SpongeDIY Filters to an Air Pump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyQIuTX0h2w

How To Cycle A Tank And the Nitrogen Cycle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okLoPNwfv34

How To Do a Water Change on a Betta Fish Tank (Episode 6)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hgPeguzdfY

How to do a Water Change on a Betta Fish Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOfGRfyoznA

How to do Easy Water Changes using a Pump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKSWr8nLpk8

How to feed Cucumber to Fish, Snails and Shrimp
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ff5Td-Ols3w

How To Feed Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9B6n3_7A-w

How to Feed Shrimp .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ9ArV0-ml8

How To Grow Your Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxvsCzGOkys

How to Install Lifewithpets Betta Fish tank divider. (Now available for purchase!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9nhxW1XT8U

How to make a DIY Aquarium Lid.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ro5xigLb7JY

How To Make a DIY Sponge Filter for a Betta Fish Tank.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmXWmgOJAcY

How to Make Repashy Gel Food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwCp5q0KQ8U

How To Save Money in The Aquarium Hobby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkopVSJQdS8

How to set up a 20 Gallon Fish Tank.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asmo2vZPQmg

How to Set Up a 20 Gallon Planted Aquarium (Low Tech)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNMKfN9MFwo

How to set up a Betta fish tank (Basic planted Betta tank)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cohrhux6YJs

How to Set Up a Brine Shrimp Hatchery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FkwyVLLgE8

How to Set up a Divided Betta Fish Tank (In Depth)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgjqoRzmSVI

How to Set up a Goldfish tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhkYGsm3H9Q

How to Set Up a New Betta Fish Tank (Episode 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gZzVnEpkWk

How to Set Up a Sunsun Canister Filter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hg6ijo5pq_M

How To Ship Fish.(Guppies)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBwH7Asxt9s

How to Ship Snails.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGT6fN_z41o

How to Take Care of Fish During Power Outage.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mx9lUq55tT4

How to Treat Ich. (White Spot)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcA-XkDhZMA

How to Treat Popeye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7nn8U5TjPc

How to Trim  Puffer Fish Teeth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMhww9m1B6c

How to use  House Plants in  Your Aquarium (In Depth)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SeqFqvrxOgs

How to use a Gravel Vacuum without having to suck on the tube. Simple and easy!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-004UzToSM

How to Use a Pothos Plant in your Aquarium.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPu8eStQrnE

How to use Artificial Grass in an Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx_DRVjvPIw

How We Do Our Divided Betta Fish Tank Filtration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usqbGYcJyII

How we Set up a Breeding Tank for Profit ( New Tank Build ) Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bltkcg3ZU3s

Huge Announcement. Large Fish and Food Haul and a NEW Tank SETUP.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Lx48sPZMUs

Huge Betta Fish Haul, plants and decorations.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKL_Dgdi3K0

Huge Fish Haul and New Tank Reveal (Sneak peak)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChfB2q0xH18

HUGE Goldfish Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-QnYiPZrCU

HUGE New Snail and Shrimp Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgmuV8iYrNw

Hurricane update and What Happened to The Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRw3ivNnJ78

I Need your input and Lets Talk Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aY4HuZPcxbQ

Is YOUR Fish Safe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2f3Jp8hUkE

Issues and Feeding Amazon Puffers  (Collab)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gguOHZpNBFE

It's Been a While!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOVdIOfIhgQ

It’s that time of year!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M9bfETZspAU

Jardin xy- 2008 Economy Corner Sponge Filter Review.( Ideal for Betta tanks.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JawoKBe8iA8

Jumping Betta Fish Live Stream.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrFxBzvJNEg

Large Goldfish Water Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsGwlrCjUWo

Large Redline torpedo barbs, Roseline Denison barb update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UsJ2l5BFOx8

Large Tinfoil barbs community tank update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0A1BqBk_htY

Late night Livestream!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwHpKcELZtk

Leaking Betta Fish Tank and Moving Fish around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g436F4wDfJY

Lemons for Leukemia Challenge LIVE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpBJD0SO6e4

Let's talk fish.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btQ4y3KLaFQ

Lets talk fish..... Testing our new Internet speed!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0-WAu2lfxA

Let’s catch up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81sj_E4KhTs

Let’s talk!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anmEQyKE2LA

Lifewithpets 10k live stream!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivPVVjYztzY

Lifewithpets First Live Stream Q&A.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdmLMDXMmGk

Lifewithpets Tank Dividers See ALL Sizes. Install with and without Silicone. Tank Set Up. Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfLV7O5F1bE

Lot of Upcoming Tank Projects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9agWYNmQeZM

Lots of Tank Updates and Goldfish Fry!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hx1ySpfSibg

Low Tech Planted Aquarium  (20 Gallon Betta  Community tank)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5hBC8WB7Gg

Lucy's Talents!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzG1jEpC3Vk

Meet Our New Betta Fish (Murphy's story)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NETBQ0187Q

Meet our New Pet! Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGipht69vpI

My Betta Fish Won’t Eat!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYD-535Ay3g

Mystery Snail breeding.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxW287NVpqc

Mystery Snails and Nerite Snails (time lapse)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6M49sOwutk

Mystery Snails from Birth to 2 months
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8z5leSqUGs

New  Betta Fish From Creative Pet Keeping!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ojhaek-5RAw

New 20 Gallon Tank Setup for Snails and New Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xUEy8MkWYOM

New 75 Gallon Tank Set Up (Part one)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_l6na6IXvbA

New Betta Fish (Arthur's Story of an Unconventional Friendship.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnjbmAMtfW0

New Betta Fish and His Planted Tank Set Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5SbH9mgFtU

New Betta Fish and Murphys Update.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVTd0m9JJBE

New Betta Fish Unboxing and Tank Set Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okS9NGDeR_c

New Divided Tank Betta Fish Set Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SM-bysaDcys

New female Betta Fish and Tank updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYGOhe-QX14

New Fish and 125 Gallon Tank Update.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6dzm3win54

New fish and Plants in a 75 Gallon Betta Fish Tank. (Part 3)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1MIslYNju8

New Fish in The Breeding Tank For Profit.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wJuTWUeeBw

New Fish Reveal and Feeding them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfWaokSnNCI

New Fish, Updates, Upcoming Giveaway and More!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ry1ntmEkP-E

NEW Imported BETTA FISH Unboxing and Finished Tank Set Up.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBOqVd8OFmc

New Shrimp and Subscriber Meet Up!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eR9OuWN1Ll0

No Power in The Fish Room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2sKqe07K_8

One year on YouTube. What We've Learned and What's Next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FvcN_PQYqM

One Years Goldfish Growth. Wow How They've Grown!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEj8oFrHCDE

Orlando Vacation Vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiD0P6WvxYo

Plant Pak Unboxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VxoanWUemsM

PLANT ROCKS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PWxrnM0d7c

Planted 20 gallon Betta Fish community Tank (Completely redesigned)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmyFZCZwKx8

Planted Goldfish Tanks.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okx_pe8YJ9o

Plants in a Goldfish Tank. Goldfish Update.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prwtlmQl-5c

Preparing our Pets for Vacation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yacpiouYgTI

Preparing to Evacuate and Sad News.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnMsE1FjBO4

Redline torpedo barbs, Denison barb, Roselines up close in their 125 gallon tank.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asZuZ0xsq_o

See our Tanks and New T-shirts! (Live Stream)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIF5axgz5s0

Separating Fighting Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvUlHPYlwSY

SETTING  up a New BETTA FISH Tank.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40JRnrjz1aU

Setting up 11 NEW Tanks in the Fish HOUSE!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85Gs5WqRpD4

Setting up a 75 Gallon Tank (The design part 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck6Rd6n3W94

Setting up a Breeding Tank for Profit. (New tank build) Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gk9MTC1QaFg

Setting Up a Fish Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TB34fsExH0

Setting up a LARGE Fish Tank (The Final Reveal.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MsI8BGQ-Pg

Setting up a New 10 Gallon divided Betta Fish Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsSYUVG5K58

Setting up a NEW Divided Betta Fish Tank Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1GTox50rE4

Setting up One Gallon Betta Fish Jars.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNZmBTMKsQ0

Sick Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfcmlL7bdBs

Sick Fish update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAfFKqnt0f4

Sick Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMY2fOu0aJs

So Many Fish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc5RihqkEgA

So Many Fry and Shrimp in The Breeding Tank For Profit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLV4mYisdIM

Spend The Day With Us ( HUGE UNBOXING)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lajxk95WLl8

Sunsun Canister Filter Unboxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DBe7htjAGk

Surprise Gift and International Collab Giveaway!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ejzDuAhTso

Testing A Battery Powered Air Pump with a Sponge Filter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVp3ijB8m_c

Things to Consider Before Buying Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSxMcetlSaI

Top 5 Tips When Starting an Aquarium(AVOID the MISTAKES)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRjmUIRPlmE

Treating Ich With Heat (Severe Ich Outbreak)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ep1aXjvZ4c

Unboxing  Live Aquarium Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smoWRIm6j3s

Unboxing a STUNNING new Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zP50pBh4iEU

Unboxing an Imported Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieBL1Iwf250

Unboxing Fancy Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yfd_XrNfJgo

Unboxing Large NEW Fish for the 125 Gallon Tank.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6bN7uYsXnA

Unboxing Live Worm Cultures.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iX4efY80HTY

Unboxing New Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqlOAx-rbSw

Unboxing Rare Color Mystery Snails.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wATUub_9v04

Updates On Betta Fish and Ich Outbreak.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9k682VhbLM

We've got fry! Livestream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHyeny_iuvo

What Betta Fish Heaters Do We Use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S3cOlKyWuhA

What Fish Live with OUR Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acFQqL63Ubs

What happened to our Goldfish's Eye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PGKQDcPZsk

What Happened to Our Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=el05fZ8eKVk

What Items are Needed for Setting Up a Betta Fish Tank (Episode 2)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1hDa9z4_VI

What to feed Betta Fish (Episode 7)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQIiIFf50xM

What to Feed Betta Fish Fry and Juveniles.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4TQkRwy-Ag

What To Feed Snails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWTikJYkx_I

What We Feed Our Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsM_B8hqqUk

What’s Happened to the Guppies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NOMDKN5jFM

When And Why Do Water Changes on a Fish Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmuPzt_LvWc

Which Aquarium Light is Better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrOJIiGqAOM

Which Female Betta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erD9UsZ04yA

Which Snail is BEST at Removing Algae.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGxa964sEVM

White Slime In Our Betta Fish Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgvxRcfhakU

Why is My BETTA Inactive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWcSYttqxwU

Why We’re Not Breeding Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJiNOUaLeWc

Winner of the 10k Giveaway!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JH5c0WuAa5I

Worst Fish Unboxing Ever. (Lots of Fish)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AUF2Eyayvk

Your Questions Answered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJvjmM8YXC8
Lifewithpets - Videos