
1.  A Flock Of Seagulls - I Ran (So Far Away) (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIpfWORQWhU&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

2.  a-ha - Take On Me (Official Video) [Remastered in 4K].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djV11Xbc914&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

3.  ABBA - Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEjLoHdbVeE&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

4.  ACDC - You Shook Me All Night Long (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lo2qQmj0_h4&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

5.  Berlin - Take My Breath Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx51eegLTY8&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

6.  Billy Joel - Uptown Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCuMWrfXG4E&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

7.  Billy Joel - We Didn't Start the Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFTLKWw542g&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

8.  Billy Ocean - Caribbean Queen (No More Love On The Run) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f16Fw_K45s&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

9.  Bruce Springsteen - Dancing In the Dark (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=129kuDCQtHs&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

10.  Cyndi Lauper - Girls Just Want To Have Fun (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIb6AZdTr-A&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

11.  Cyndi Lauper - Time After Time (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdQY7BusJNU&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

12.  Cyndi Lauper - True Colors (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPn0KFlbqX8&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

13.  Céline Dion - The Power Of Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8HOfcYWZoo&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

14.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - Maneater (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRYFKcMa_Ek&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

15.  Dead Or Alive - You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGNiXGX2nLU&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

16.  Dolly Parton - 9 To 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbxUSsFXYo4&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

17.  Earth, Wind & Fire - Let's Groove (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lrle0x_DHBM&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

18.  Eddie Money - Take Me Home TonightBe My Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aJvIFK9-xk&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

19.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

20.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

21.  Gloria Estefan, Miami Sound Machine - Conga.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54ItEmCnP80&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

22.  Journey - Don’t Stop Believin’ (Escape Tour 1981 Live In Houston).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcjzHMhBtf0&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

23.  Kenny Loggins - Danger Zone (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siwpn14IE7E&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

24.  Kenny Loggins - Footloose (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltrMfT4Qz5Y&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

25.  Kool & The Gang - Celebration (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GwjfUFyY6M&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

26.  Kool & The Gang - Get Down On It (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qchPLaiKocI&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

27.  Lionel Richie - All Night Long (All Night).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqAvFx3NxUM&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

28.  Loverboy - Working For The Weekend (with Intro).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL8G5pBZ5CI&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

29.  Men At Work - Down Under (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfR9iY5y94s&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

30.  Michael Jackson - Billie Jean (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi_XLOBDo_Y&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

31.  Paul Simon - You Can Call Me Al (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uq-gYOrU8bA&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

32.  Ray Parker Jr. - Ghostbusters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fe93CLbHjxQ&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

33.  REO Speedwagon - Can't Fight This Feeling (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpOULjyy-n8&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

34.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

35.  Rick Springfield - Jessie's Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYkbTyHXwbs&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

36.  RUN DMC - It's Tricky (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-O5IHVhWj0&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

37.  Sade - Smooth Operator - Official - 1984.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TYv2PhG89A&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

38.  Soft Cell - Tainted Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZVpR3Pk-r8&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

39.  Starship - We Built This City (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1b8AhIsSYQ&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

40.  The Bangles - Walk Like an Egyptian (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv6tuzHUuuk&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

41.  The Clash - Should I Stay or Should I Go (Live at Shea Stadium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGIFublvDes&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

42.  The Romantics - What I Like About You (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rqnw5IfbZOU&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

43.  Toto - Africa (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

44.  Whitney Houston - How Will I Know (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3-hY-hlhBg&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f

45.  Whitney Houston - I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eH3giaIzONA&list=PLzrMYyHmLhGDvq-x91qqt5FXs4Uy3jO6f
80s SMASH HITS