
1.  3 Adorable Crafts You Can Immediately Trash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05sU0_Nfc_s&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

2.  A 420 Visit from The Weed Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tk7k918aJOY&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

3.  Are You Nerdy Enough.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf0_PnQV3Fs&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

4.  Assassin’s New Years Resolutions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWP0yyaGt7c&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

5.  Boring Beer for Boring People  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etFHelvFeHE&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

6.  Breaking Up with Snapchat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkCaLQbLo3Q&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

7.  Bringing the Worst Thing to a Potluck.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMi3V-raaVQ&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

8.  Bruce Wayne is the Real Criminal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0Ebcm46j5g&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

9.  Conversational Ripcord The Fastest Way To Leave A Conversation!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQDl1OrHd-g&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

10.  Defender of the Basic  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1mbbYKPpHY&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

11.  Defender of the Basic Meets The April Fool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-vcosXe2sw&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

12.  Disney Parks The Next Big Movie Franchise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzOiHofgktY&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

13.  Don't Laugh News Challenge Get In My Belly!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtkuWMPi9dE&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

14.  Eat Mayo Wherever You Go.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x24fU-Dt66o&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

15.  Exercise Counts More If It's Hard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nbhl6A2HIoI&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

16.  Experimenting (Literally) in College.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQzFJDgwaCw&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

17.  Feel Bad for the Bad Guy  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR-_pC5Zs-g&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

18.  Grant vs. The Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsPTBRbcO9A&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

19.  I Know Where You Got Your Opinion From.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6Rq3EM-8Q4&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

20.  I'm on a Diet, But I'll Be BAD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouRUVCo-FQc&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

21.  Is His Accent Sexy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqfbCzOLtLw&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

22.  Just Admit I Look Bad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOTxb5YWkKc&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

23.  Katie Goes Viral.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_kun8ydPlw&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

24.  Lie Detector  Game Changer [Full Episode].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J8x-xoDeJsQ&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

25.  Lying to Have Something in Common.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fStc0oBUZ9A&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

26.  Meet Cute with a Ghost.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5ee_ElHoNM&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

27.  My Partner Is Using Me For… Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcbhGaLDEFc&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

28.  Obsessive Boyfriends Are SO Romantic!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeBRPdbTZw8&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

29.  Oh No, Did We Hurt Brennan's Feelings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aimQ6bH-Mw&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

30.  Only I Can Insult My Mom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYyLPsIF2fk&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

31.  Please Grade Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNJmQ4TNhFQ&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

32.  Realistic Dream Phone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hhlo0xzIV18&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

33.  Stop Calling Everything a “Lifestyle” Brand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkPjTRBVEZE&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

34.  Stop Messing with Your Vaginas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VIiAh6ersQ&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

35.  Summer Vacation Is for Kids!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZdc1hb23bY&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

36.  Tell Us About Yourself ¦Game Changer [Full Episode].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xg1ShXqTNkg&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

37.  The Baby of the Friend Group.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nP_udc4pMfQ&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

38.  The Friend Who Loves Christmas Too Much.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFfvAlh4GjY&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

39.  The Game of Thrones Finale Rewritten with A.I..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNFpGU0TODw&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

40.  The Mom of the Friend Group  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SL4Q5j1VbZs&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

41.  The Most Intimate Step in a Relationship  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNBp0hev17Y&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

42.  This Twisted Freak LIKES Halloween.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWJpxYdWAOc&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

43.  This Year’s Hottest College Looks  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5Us-Ns6Avc&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

44.  When a Kink Chooses You  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3VilN3u668&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

45.  When All Your Friends Are in Relationships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Oers1pRRK0&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

46.  When Someone’s Trying Too Hard To Have Fun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RegVKMztBGY&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

47.  Which CH Castmember Are You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0YxEfNQxt0&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

48.  You're My Least Helpful Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gm9d2y0Y6aY&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

49.  You're Too Good To Date My Friends  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVU8nEIsapY&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

50.  Your Annoying Cheap Friend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a63ONXOdlOA&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

51.  Your Friend Who Never Learns Partying Sucks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQ2ymZBcT3U&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf

52.  Your Sad Story Is NOT The Same as Mine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLx6xu7ZUNk&list=PL5Kuc18fKUWzPvNOOjB52vjBBR3OhGsOf
College Humor Jess