
11 Shirts For Marbles' 11th Birthday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdgKtzL3RQE&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

A Full Face Of Rhinestones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RycMNSM8Mns&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

A Relaxing Time With Just For Men
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFU8plUZccs&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

A Tour Of My Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2llLx_WkF3Q&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Baking My Boyfriend A Birthday Cake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4Q0pElKWY0&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Bleaching My Eyebrows
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmGnedYflqY&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Braiding Things Into My Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YllrAmXfrME&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Bunny's First Bath
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M_2vWZKcxOI&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Buying My Dogs Everything They Touch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfxoHNtXpZk&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Come Do Terrible Things To My Hair With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvwTBPrrZcI&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Come Watch My Favorite Tik Toks With Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGr1IP-1e7E&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Cooking Thanksgiving Food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c30s6OnCApw&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Corn on the Cob But Instead of the Corn Bone It's A Hotdog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VosRKPBGE8&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Cutting Soap For My Dog While He Wears A Turtleneck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H3vtCx5CBaI&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Dog Kissing Booth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJuElc3mEyw&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Doing An Easter Egg Hunt For My Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDckQiE-fUg&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Following A Bob Ross Painting Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZW-ZnQoj5g&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Get Ready With Me To Go Nowhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNuurt3mpr8&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Giving My Boyfriend A Pin Up Girl Makeover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNgmYFwUjjw&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Giving Myself A 90's Hair Wrap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOvK8haeqBw&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Giving Myself a Beard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5NgiW0rJLk&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Giving Myself A Tape Face Lift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGjDZwdqjjE&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Giving Myself An E-Girl Makeover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYowCBOR2SI&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Hydro Dipping A Pair of Crocs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VErxiXnCVA&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Hydro Dipping Crocs Again With A Small Amount Of Redemption But Not Really
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UxluH5NzVY&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

I Filmed My Dog Whenever He Cried Or Was Nasty For 24 Hours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xf0Mi3kWKhY&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

I Gave Myself A Claire's Makeover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wLVMrpByb_Q&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

I Made A Train For My Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZAgIPqD_D0&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

I Made That Awful Jeans Chair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2McDQu5UQpk&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

I Made Two Videos And They Were Both Bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1is7e6ErkU&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

I Tried Following A James Charles Makeup Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzP676lbUYA&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

I Turned My Hair Into A Hot Wheels Track
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-cq5uR9gEk&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

I Want To Be A Toothbrush For Halloween
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QccBAHil6SI&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

I'm A Disco Ball
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNODMzDhsMM&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

I'm Dog Stairs For Halloween
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJXy3Aya8H4&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Just Trying To Blend In With My Green Screen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icLIdzEJ1Uo&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Let's Abstract Paint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kre7lFvg8ew&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Let's Paint With String
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dViWTpWxVgE&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Making A Tiny Living Room For My Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KEx1wcbBvdg&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Making An Advent Calendar For My Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjMK0YY93Os&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Making Fake Freckles ~WORK~ For Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_v8zPpId_A&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Making More Soup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGCyIxMYXrk&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Making My Boyfriend A Romphim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENgR3aw5Snk&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Making My Dog A Bed Out Of Soap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3it6WSL15A&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Making My Dogs Homemade Dog Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92ZU3IcYEIE&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Making Terrible Hot Glue Crafts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4VzWKMc38k&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Making Tiny Things For Our Hamster 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVsqqfHXd0w&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Making Tiny Things For Our Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5O_oXjz4Kc&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Meme?? Review?? 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-yllQHbRLA&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

My Boyfriend Makes Me Ice Cream For My Birthday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1vXEDJ3PK0&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

My Dog Reviews Soap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ouj_on9MxcQ&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

My Dogs Eat Pupsicles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6exhT930Ag4&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

My Dogs Pick My Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yJJlb3E6JQ&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVikUbTnUqU&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKbGs4eKFw8&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

My Dogs Try On Halloween Costumes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wRgNPdU7fQ&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74EDvTEhqtE&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Reacting To Compilation Videos of Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNs9IZAeFQU&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Reading Mean Comments About My Dogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRbHTeAcJLQ&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Taking A Nap For 20 Million Subscribers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zz8tyRHKZY&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Taking Our Greyhound To The Beach For The First Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4R6uNXAw9tM&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Teaching My Dogs How To Swim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olONgK_CxG4&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Thoughts From A Couch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWcqbZc9CfI&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Throwing My Dogs A Pool Party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mO7yKkq5HkE&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Tiny Face Makeup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWAWc9_21J0&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Treating My Dogs Like Babies For A Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fvv83jYh8pA&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Trying Hair Braiding Tutorials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m5TvH-D5tQ&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Trying To Get My Chihuahua To Sit For 20 Minutes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7RmUKm9PCA&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Trying To Make My Own Wig
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faDDENDHyF8&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Trying To See Things Without My Glasses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lqqyq3IwR_w&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

We Went Camping In Our Backyard
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcuAlQY-QNY&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

What's The Best Mascara To Cry In
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lteC_JdTObE&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES

Who's Smarter Chihuahua Vs. Hamster
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44OxwxcclI8&list=PLSF1MEs6c3RzGWl4ly_zr5snT94I9E2ES
Jenna Marbles Can Lull Me To Sleep