
A different way to visualize rhythm - John Varney
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UphAzryVpY

A map of the brain - Allan Jones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69K5rjy_euo

An introduction to mathematical theorems - Scott Kennedy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0DSM-EkQE8

Are You A Visual Thinker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJiMjSscgk4

Beware of nominalizations (AKA zombie nouns) - Helen Sword
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNlkHtMgcPQ

Carol Dweck - A Study on Praise and Mindsets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NWv1VdDeoRY

DIR Floortime short introduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPHjLe7MVYE

Does stress cause pimples - Claudia Aguirre
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qz1FKi6z4Fc

Does your vote count The Electoral College explained - Christina Greer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W9H3gvnN468

Dr. Stanley Greenspan founder of Floortime speaks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrXGh9bT0Sw

Exploring other dimensions - Alex Rosenthal and George Zaidan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6kn6nXMWF0

Feedback loops How nature gets its rhythms - Anje-Margriet Neutel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inVZoI1AkC8

Grammar's great divide The Oxford comma - TED-Ed (1903128)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptM7FzyjtRk

Grammar's great divide The Oxford comma - TED-Ed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptM7FzyjtRk

How do cancer cells behave differently from healthy ones - George Zaidan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmFEoCFDi-w

How do germs spread (and why do they make us sick) - Yannay Khaikin and Nicole Mideo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxonJTWhBJQ

How Do Pain Relievers Work - George Zaidan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mcuIc5O-DE

How does your brain respond to pain - Karen D. Davis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7wfDenj6CQ

How languages evolve - Alex Gendler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWDKsHm6gTA

How optical illusions trick your brain - Nathan S. Jacobs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfdJyDfIHIc

How playing an instrument benefits your brain - Anita Collins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0JKCYZ8hng

How sugar affects the brain - Nicole Avena
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEXBxijQREo

How the heart actually pumps blood - Edmond Hui
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruM4Xxhx32U

How to build a fictional world - Kate Messner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQTQSbjecLg

How to defeat a dragon with math - Garth Sundem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6syI3xiBBg

How to read music - Tim Hansen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZN41d7Txcq0

How to sequence the human genome - Mark J. Kiel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvuYATh7Y74

How to speak monkey The language of cotton-top tamarins - Anne Savage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Vfn5CV9juI

Making a TED-Ed Lesson Animating zombies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INFKdqxLgPs

Making a TED-Ed Lesson Visualizing big ideas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P50NcJLSJJY

Music and math The genius of Beethoven - Natalya St. Clair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAxT0mRGuoY

Poison vs. venom What's the difference - Rose Eveleth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnJ4_xRfxpA

Rethinking thinking - Trevor Maber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJLqOclPqis

Schrödinger's cat A thought experiment in quantum mechanics - Chad Orzel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjaAxUO6-Uw

Should we eat bugs - Emma Bryce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rDqXwUS402I

Should you trust your first impression - Peter Mende-Siedlecki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eK0NzsGRceg

The art of the metaphor - Jane Hirshfield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0edKgL9EgM

The case of the vanishing honeybees - Emma Bryce
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oz1Cz8ko8iY

The Greenspan Floortime Approach The Learning Tree Model
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmsI345PqC0

The Higgs Boson Explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqAWqwh3Etw

The popularity, plight and poop of penguins - Dyan deNapoli
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGhknFzrnXg

The uncertain location of electrons - George Zaidan and Charles Morton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ROHpZ0A70I

What causes antibiotic resistance - Kevin Wu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znnp-Ivj2ek

What did dogs teach humans about diabetes - Duncan C. Ferguson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_3hbrqLZ5U

What happens when you remove the hippocampus - Sam Kean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkaXNvzE4pk

What if we could look inside human brains - Moran Cerf
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sewhbmh0ECg

What is dyslexia - Kelli Sandman-Hurley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zafiGBrFkRM

What is fat - George Zaidan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhUrc4BnPgg

What makes a hero - Matthew Winkler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hhk4N9A0oCA

What percentage of your brain do you use - Richard E. Cytowic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NubJ2ThK_U

What's an algorithm - David J. Malan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hfOvs8pY1k

What's invisible More than you think - John Lloyd
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8EUy_82IChY

Where do genes come from - Carl Zimmer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9HIYjRRaDE

Why do honeybees love hexagons - Zack Patterson and Andy Peterson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEzlsjAqADA

Why do we cry The three types of tears - Alex Gendler
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keMF8YzQoRM

Why does ice float in water - George Zaidan and Charles Morton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UukRgqzk-KE

Why is glass transparent - Mark Miodownik
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwRLIt6jgdM

Why is there a b in doubt - Gina Cooke
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvABHCJm3aA

Why we love repetition in music - Elizabeth Hellmuth Margulis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lo8EomDrwA
Ted - ED KIDS