
1.  Algebra - Lesson 1-1 Operations with Real Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_gyiytvEGw

2.  Algebra - Lesson 1-3 Day 2 Weighted Averages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsX55Rp66Bw

3.  Algebra - Lesson 1-6 Compound Inequalities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9r0s7syfkKU

4.  Algebra - Lesson 1-7 Day 2 Absolute Value Inequalities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3UaZ1xc-QA

5.  Algebra - Lesson 2-3 Day 1 Standard Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvWbG-cvpsQ

6.  Algebra - Lesson 3-1 Relations and Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkIl_a6vdas

7.  Algebra - Lesson 3-3 Transforming Linear Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eM5lPQBUJ5k

8.  Algebra - Lesson 5-2 Piecewise-Defined Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asByw_ESZKQ

9.  Algebra - Lesson 6-5 Transformations of Exponential Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dF_7xkwTm7Q

10.  Algebra - Lesson 9-1 Solving Quadratic Equations Using Graphs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOYmfyzRyxI

11.  Algebra - Lesson 9-2 Solving Quadratic Equations by Factoring.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-GaQBTo0Tc

12.  Algebra - Lesson 9-4 Solving Quadratic Equations Using Square Roots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3SyKOodhco

13.  Algebra - Lesson 9-5 Completing the Square.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDb9ZrDcXHk

14.  Algebra - Lesson 9-6 Quadratic Formula (1876682).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMHaez55Y18

15.  Algebra - Lesson 9-6 Quadratic Formula.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMHaez55Y18

16.  Algebra 0-1 Expressions, Variables, and Order of Operations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVoKsQcEJWg

17.  Algebra 0-2 Properties of Number.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2YoPLcYrAo

18.  Algebra 0-3 The Distributive Property.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqA3Q9B65Lw

19.  Algebra 0-4 Ratios and Proportions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBnUH5QCllg

20.  Algebra 0-5 Percent of Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzPFmoWVs_M

21.  Algebra 1-1 Operations with Real Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioszAbEjL1M

22.  Algebra 1-2 Solving Linear Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDklFm2kcrA

23.  Algebra 1-3 Part 1 Solving Equations with Variables on Both Sides.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTVoXkC9Cz8

24.  Algebra 1-3 Part 2 Weighted Averages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2i-P3ONe19Q

25.  Algebra 1-4 Part 1 Literal Equations and Formulas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9m7sELzJlHQ

26.  Algebra 1-4 Part 2 Dimensional Analysis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkXcvrA3FCc

27.  Algebra 1-5 Solving Inequalities with One Variable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Jb7BCS6Zeo

28.  Algebra 1-6 Compound Inequalities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3S_KI14mrE

29.  Algebra 1-7 Part 1 Absolute Value Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i27HhTCMnXg

30.  Algebra 1-7 Part 2 Absolute Value Inequalities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_8Q4gN63uU

31.  Algebra 2-0 Slope.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urg0NK9zFM8

32.  Algebra 2-1 Slope-Intercept Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtKKotZb05Q

33.  Algebra 2-2 Point-Slope Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJbhF7Dz4OI

34.  Algebra 2-3 Part 1 Standard Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuLLJ1HBn2w

35.  Algebra 2-3 Part 2 Related Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GXBHzJsGuI

36.  Algebra 2-4 Parallel and Perpendicular Lines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lT_8Muc6O4Q

37.  Algebra 3-1 Relations and Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3fq4kexsvo

38.  Algebra 3-2 Linear Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KsHK4iIQxQ

39.  Algebra 3-3 Transforming Linear Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsLneRAh4Ro

40.  Algebra 3-4 Arithmetic Sequences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEbXv0UyfrM

41.  Algebra 3-5 Scatter Plots and Lines of Fit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9J3JQ0h7JM

42.  Algebra 3-6 Analyzing Lines of Fit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OmUqJ0FSKc

43.  Algebra 4-1 Solving Systems of Linear Equations by Graphing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3A2tNlcYH5Y

44.  Algebra 4-2 Solving Systems of Equations by Substitution.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_l_AIhyawc

45.  Algebra 4-3 Solving Systems of Equations by Elimination.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNQXt0c3Erc

46.  Algebra 4-4 Linear Inequalities with Two Variables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDJHcF3mSRU

47.  Algebra 4-5 Systems of Linear Inequalities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8scfVgowYg

48.  Algebra 5-1 The Absolute Value Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkMROBmruKs

49.  Algebra 5-2 Piecewise-Defined Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ihu5tZaE7BY

50.  Algebra 5-3 Step Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Urvn0ODipeo

51.  Algebra 5-4 Transformations of Piecewise-Defined Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AyDtjkgagUE

52.  Algebra 6-1 Part 1 Exponent Properties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VERhJuTD3zY

53.  Algebra 6-1 Part 2 Rational Exponents and Exponent Properties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sd6cFA5mYCI

54.  Algebra 6-2 Exponential Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tv2zBOePXew

55.  Algebra 6-3 Exponential Growth and Decay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mydphm35NgE

56.  Algebra 6-4 Geometric Sequences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRUm6I4I7BU

57.  Algebra 6-5 Transformations of Exponential Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=je6fEc61f-4

58.  Algebra 7-1 Adding and Subtracting Polynomials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3QbujlQOqY

59.  Algebra 7-2 Multiplying Polynomials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUsVwSqxMvo

60.  Algebra 7-3 Multiplying Special Cases.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSEHbNPsp-U

61.  Algebra 7-4 Factoring Polynomials with GCF.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQp9wxHIDEM

62.  Algebra 7-5 Factoring x^2 + bx + c.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOMDm-h91Zs

63.  Algebra 7-6 Factoring ax^2 + bx + c.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8tlwby3sdQ

64.  Algebra 7-7 Factoring Special Cases.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUNdyI4j5OU

65.  Algebra 7-8 Factoring - Choose a Method.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmaJuUGC0bk

66.  Algebra 8-1 Key Features of Graphs of a Quadratic Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8jhczXz82w

67.  Algebra 8-2 Quadratic Functions in Vertex Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-55ugQevOs

68.  Algebra 8-3 Quadratic Functions in Standard Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eoan200s_M

69.  Algebra 8-4 Modeling with Quadratic Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UjSs63X1SHI

70.  Algebra 8-5 Comparing Linear, Quadratic, and Exponential Models.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52Tl6r2leTs

71.  Algebra 9-3 Day 1 Simplifying Radical Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyZkp9T-fi8

72.  Algebra 9-3 Day 2 Operations with Radical Expressions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hdMkWKc0zE

73.  Algebra 9-3 Day 3 Radical Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3m0K07jjso

74.  Algebra Lesson 8-4 Modeling with Quadratic Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKvO37ektdg
Pearson enVision Algebra 1