
121710.  PHP Regular Expression Tutorial - Start of line match and multiline mode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYVBHOuEOJo

121712.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial + quantifier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mE3tN3HLLFY

121715.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial -   quantifier and default greedy nature.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJaNgwZkBKE

121719.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - A permanent start of string match.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWeZ0aLI82w

121724.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Alternation - limit the scope with parentheses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_fQxOMJh1BQ

121730.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Alternation along with start of string.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeHRL6tl7qs

121737.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Alternation introduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOuxvZeiudQ

121745.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Anchor $ exceptional behavior.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GkJl1ofQWZ8

121754.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Anchor $ multiline mode.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdS3tVZZ0VU

121764.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Anchor $ normal behavior.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NyfAHlRYMiI

121775.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - B Non word boundary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IimxLMQpDn0

121787.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Character classes or Character sets basics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmjZHl9Qo3Y

121800.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - d and D character class shorthand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUX8jFtyzyQ

121814.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Define Range inside Character class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CtODLqhCbQ

121829.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Dot - match any character.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7zMCvqAp1Q

121845.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Dot is not a metacharacter inside character class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61RcSnScr_k

121862.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Empty Alternative.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HU4-CyPu1Q

121880.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Greedy behavior of + quantifier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZbOUKd4YM0

121899.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Greedy behavior of optional item .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvyF_bedIJk

121919.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - How to group optional items.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R08fQGhYS4k

121940.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - How to make + lazy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZl4ASwqVEg

121962.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - How to match new line.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iKabG8etN0

121985.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - lazy quantifier .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tFRTX3OJkRA

122009.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Leftmost match always wins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKWn6Yg5Lkw

122034.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Literal characters match.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBr2kWPp9Ok

122060.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Metacharacters Escaping.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akq8HkV4N0I

122087.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - misuses of greediness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Slzdl_D38Ug

122115.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Negated character class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0kyBsujp_w

122144.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Optional items.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dau9xTyvWdc

122174.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Positioning and meaning of dash(-) inside character class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTOvKsbalk4

122205.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Postioning and meaning of caret (^) inside character class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAUl-XERT9A

122237.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - s and S character class shorthand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KULCkbVn5JY

122270.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - s pattern modifier - dot matches all characters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkhqzE5NpS0

122304.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - w and W character class shorthand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4nxidXM7Ac

122339.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Word boundaries b.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGYaSDRA09A

122375.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - z comparison with Z and $.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3iat2eC_2kk

122412.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Z end of string exceptional behavior.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf5GHYdFMq4

122450.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - Z end of string normal behavior.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXJQOU3_gKM

122489.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - ^ anchor - match start of string.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RO4hnfyMlas

122529.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - {a,b} counting quantifier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfAeESD5gas

122570.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorial - {a,b} Lazy counting quantifier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjx_Xkiy_I8

122612.  PHP Regular Expressions Tutorials - How to make optional item lazy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttrdkR_gO4A

122655.  PHPJavascript Regular Expressions - IPv4 address validation part1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iQZGikOuxI

122699.  Regular Expressions Tutorial - What is Regular Expression.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHVmwx0fCbI

122744.  Regular Expressions Tutorial - Word boundary count puzzle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCKIwT31Kdk
PHP Regex Regular Expressions Tutorial