
1.  'Til Tuesday - Voices Carry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uejh-bHa4To&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

2.  10,000 Maniacs - Like the Weather.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=te7bbWBXusk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

3.  A Flock Of Seagulls - I Ran (So Far Away) (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIpfWORQWhU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

4.  a-ha - Take On Me (Official Video) [Remastered in 4K].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djV11Xbc914&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

5.  ABC - Be Near Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhAgQMqVxiE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

6.  ACDC - Back In Black (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAgnJDJN4VA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

7.  ACDC - Hells Bells (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etAIpkdhU9Q&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

8.  ACDC - Thunderstruck (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2AC41dglnM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

9.  ACDC - Who Made Who (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiZHNw1MtzI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

10.  ACDC - You Shook Me All Night Long (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lo2qQmj0_h4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

11.  Adam Ant - Goody Two Shoes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o41A91X5pns&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

12.  Aerosmith - Angel (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBTOGVb_cQg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

13.  After The Fire - Der Kommissar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBfFDTPPlaM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

14.  Air Supply - All Out Of Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWdZEumNRmI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

15.  Air Supply - Making Love Out Of Nothing At All (Official Video) VideoMusic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJsqFcXQ3hI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

16.  Air Supply - Making love Out of nothing at all (video lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEd6QUbK2Mw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

17.  Air Supply - Making Love Out Of Nothing At All.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogoIxkPjRts&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

18.  Alphaville - Forever Young ~Official Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1TcDHrkQYg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

19.  Animotion - Obsession.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIs5StN8J-0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

20.  Annie Lennox - No More I Love You's (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSkboTTTmpg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

21.  Anything Box - Living In Oblivion (St. James Club Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VI53G_D5Dbw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

22.  Baltimora - Tarzan Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_r0n9Dv6XnY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

23.  Belinda Carlisle - Heaven Is A Place On Earth (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOGEyBeoBGM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

24.  Belinda Carlisle - Mad About You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XmdtJWmR9zQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

25.  Berlin - The Metro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNVLRPSEVaE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

26.  Billy Idol - Cradle Of Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCZuYS-9qaw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

27.  Billy Idol - Dancing With Myself (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FG1NrQYXjLU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

28.  Billy Idol - Eyes Without A Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9OFpfTd0EIs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

29.  Billy Idol - Flesh For Fantasy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dw1oM7LBbxE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

30.  Billy Idol - Hot In The City (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PinBVYKQGeM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

31.  Billy Idol - Rebel Yell (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdphvuyaV_I&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

32.  Billy Idol - To Be A Lover (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_L9epO3tJT4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

33.  Billy Idol - White Wedding Pt 1 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAZQaYKZMTI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

34.  Billy Joel - It's Still Rock and Roll to Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5eAQa4MOGkE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

35.  Billy Joel - Tell Her About It (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0pM5dm--yQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

36.  Billy Joel - The Longest Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_XgQhMPeEQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

37.  Billy Joel - Uptown Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCuMWrfXG4E&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

38.  Billy Joel - We Didn't Start the Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFTLKWw542g&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

39.  Billy Joel - You May Be Right (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jo9t5XK0FhA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

40.  Billy Ocean - Caribbean Queen (No More Love On The Run) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f16Fw_K45s&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

41.  Billy Ocean Caribbean Queen 1984.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AtMIgATxqd0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

42.  Blondie - Call Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StKVS0eI85I&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

43.  Blondie - Heart Of Glass (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGU_4-5RaxU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

44.  Blue Savannah Song - Erasure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXouTwK8Jv8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

45.  Bobby Brown - Every Little Step (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0FKzPfsxA4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

46.  Bon Jovi - I'll Be There For You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mh8MIp2FOhc&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

47.  Bon Jovi - Livin' On A Prayer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDK9QqIzhwk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

48.  Bon Jovi - Wanted Dead Or Alive (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRvCvsRp5ho&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

49.  Bon Jovi - You Give Love A Bad Name (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrZHPOeOxQQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

50.  Bonnie Tyler - Total Eclipse of the Heart (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcOxhH8N3Bo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

51.  Book Of Love - Boy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vcjJKNq9EM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

52.  Book Of Love - Pretty Boys And Pretty Girls (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8efAQ33fq0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

53.  Born to be alive - Patrick Hernandez.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kl1LP81eSKY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

54.  Breathe - How Can I Fall (1988).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PwZ4erdJZRA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

55.  Bruce Springsteen - Born in the U.S.A. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPhWR4d3FJQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

56.  Bruce Springsteen - Dancing In the Dark (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=129kuDCQtHs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

57.  Bruce Springsteen - Glory Days (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vQpW9XRiyM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

58.  Bruce Springsteen - I'm On Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrpXArn3hII&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

59.  Bryan Adams - Cuts Like A Knife.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VZhSkREYBc&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

60.  Bryan Adams - Run To You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gF5LaVkDhyk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

61.  Bryan Adams - Summer Of '69 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFjjO_lhf9c&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

62.  Bryan Adams - Summer Of ’69 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f06QZCVUHg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

63.  Buggles - Video killed the radio star 1979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iwuy4hHO3YQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

64.  Buster Poindexter - Hot Hot Hot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhZba-P7R18&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

65.  Cameo - Word Up (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZjAantupsA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

66.  Camouflage   Love is a shield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNFq7t1KzoM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

67.  Cccp - American Soviets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B77ZophoD-U&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

68.  Chicago - Hard To Say I'm Sorry (stereo sound).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEwNcnklcsk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

69.  Chicago - I Don't Wanna Live Without Your Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGU_-fnSQI8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

70.  Chris De Burgh - Lady in Red (Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AUVkQs_Nxw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

71.  Cinderella - Don't Know What You Got (Till It's Gone) (Stereo Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i28UEoLXVFQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

72.  Company B - Fascinated.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-b-6ksMdkrU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

73.  Corey Hart - Never Surrender (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4pg6Jh94Lo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

74.  Corey Hart - Sunglasses At Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2LTL8KgKv8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

75.  Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9gKyRmic20&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

76.  Culture Club - Do You Really Want To Hurt Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nXGPZaTKik&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

77.  Culture Club - Karma Chameleon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmcA9LIIXWw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

78.  Culture Club - Time (Clock Of The Heart).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tI1_KlO6xI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

79.  Cutting Crew - (I Just) Died in Your Arms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrJky8YuTr4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

80.  Cyndi Lauper - Girls Just Want To Have Fun (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIb6AZdTr-A&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

81.  Cyndi Lauper - Time After Time (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdQY7BusJNU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

82.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - I Can't Go For That (No Can Do) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccenFp_3kq8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

83.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - Maneater (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRYFKcMa_Ek&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

84.  David Lee Roth - Goin' Crazy! HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmCU_QtSzWI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

85.  Dead Or Alive - You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PGNiXGX2nLU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

86.  DeBarge - Rhythm Of The Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAQSZhazYk8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

87.  DEF LEPPARD - Hysteria (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaiaaar88EM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

88.  Depeche Mode - Enjoy The Silence (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0AKJMGxwpE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

89.  Depeche Mode - Just Can't Get Enough (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6FBfAQ-NDE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

90.  Depeche Mode - Never Let Me Down Again (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snILjFUkk_A&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

91.  Depeche Mode - Personal Jesus (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1xrNaTO1bI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

92.  Depeche Mode - Policy Of Truth (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2VBmHOYpV8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

93.  Depeche Mode - Route 66.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwPV3qJegEE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

94.  Devo - Whip It (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIEVqFB4WUo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

95.  Dire Straits - Money For Nothing music video (Good quality, all countries).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAD6Obi7Cag&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

96.  Dirty Dancing - Time of my Life (Final Dance) - High Quality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpmILPAcRQo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

97.  Duran Duran - Girls On Film (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCjMZMxNr-0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

98.  Duran Duran - Is There Something I Should Know (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3M0hogZyRyU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

99.  Duran Duran - Save A Prayer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Uxc9eFcZyM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

100.  Duran Duran - The Wild Boys (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M43wsiNBwmo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

101.  Duran Duran - Union Of The Snake (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6p5Q6_JBes&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

102.  Echo & The Bunnymen - Lips Like Sugar (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hGcJA8fXvU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

103.  Eddie Murphy - Party All the Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWa-6g-TbgI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

104.  Electric Light Orchestra - Hold On Tight (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UkekqVPIc2M&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

105.  Electrica Salsa OFF (Original).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LK6wglhklKg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

106.  Elton John - I Guess That's Why They Call It The Blues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6KYAVn8ons&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

107.  Elton John - I'm Still Standing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHwVBirqD2s&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

108.  Elton John - Sacrifice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrLkTZrPZA4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

109.  Elton John - Sad Songs (Say So Much).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X23v5_K7cXk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

110.  Erasure - A Little Respect [Original!].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RhhYOMRO2Vc&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

111.  Erasure - Gimme Gimme Gimme.wmv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MW2M6qnobgY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

112.  Erasure - Oh L'Amour.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyOOYn3A_6I&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

113.  Erasure A Little Respect (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiKVjS3gR88&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

114.  Erasure Chains of Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uttV1VZUgQQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

115.  Eric Carmen - Hungry Eyes (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ssCL292DQA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

116.  Eric Carmen - Make Me Lose Control (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQlKa1IeZF8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

117.  Europe - Carrie (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmWE9UBFwtY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

118.  Europe - The Final Countdown (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jK-NcRmVcw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

119.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Here Comes The Rain Again (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzFnYcIqj6I&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

120.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzFnYcIqj6I&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

121.  Fine Young Cannibals - She Drives Me Crazy (1989).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sw54Pdh_m8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

122.  Flashdance - Final Dance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsZIO-vmn3c&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

123.  Footloose Final Dance 1984 to 2011.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JyD8BxoB2To&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

124.  Foreigner - 'I Want To Know What Love Is' [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raNGeq3_DtM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

125.  Frankie Smith - Double Dutch Bus (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fK9hK82r-AM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

126.  Gary Numan - Cars. Released 21st August 1979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ldyx3KHOFXw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

127.  Gene Loves Jezebel - Desire (12 Dance Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdDCH8RWIdY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

128.  George Clinton - Atomic Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuyS9M8T03A&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

129.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

130.  George Michael - Father Figure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_9hfHvQSNo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

131.  GEORGE THOROGOOD Bad To The Bone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7VsoxT_FUY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

132.  Glenn Mederios - nothing gonna change my love for you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MLxTEV5vpyg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

133.  Go West - Faithful.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0oAyDMHOjg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

134.  Golden earring - Twilight zone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1sf2CzEq0w&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

135.  Great White - Once Bitten Twice Shy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bz61YQWZuYU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

136.  Guns N' Roses - Paradise City.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rbm6GXllBiw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

137.  Guns N' Roses - Sweet Child O' Mine (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w7OgIMMRc4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

138.  Guns N' Roses - Welcome To The Jungle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1tj2zJ2Wvg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

139.  Hall and Oates - Out of Touch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_8KR-n2fBQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

140.  Heart - All I Wanna Do Is Make Love To You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAfxs0IDeMs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

141.  Heart - Alone (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Cw1ng75KP0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

142.  Heart - Never (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWzy5q_M5Ho&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

143.  Howard Jones What is Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QE61Bz7IHKg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

144.  Huey Lewis And The News - Hip To Be Square (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LB5YkmjalDg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

145.  Huey Lewis And The News - I Want A New Drug (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6uEMOeDZsA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

146.  Huey Lewis And The News - If This Is It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaTQAaJWW54&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

147.  I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For (U2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zhi6nNYNOxQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

148.  I Want to know what love is - Foreigner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loWXMtjUZWM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

149.  INXS - Need You Tonight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F93ywiGMDnQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

150.  INXS - Never Tear Us Apart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIBv2GEnXlc&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

151.  Irene Cara  - Flashdance What A Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILWSp0m9G2U&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

152.  J. Geils Band - Centerfold (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqDjMZKf-wg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

153.  J. Geils Band - Freeze Frame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHo43B6nu60&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

154.  J. Geils Band - Love Stinks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0LAs7X5ybE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

155.  Janet Jackson - Control.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LH8xbDGv7oY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

156.  Janet Jackson - The Pleasure Principle (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-gu1KETjVY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

157.  JIMMY SOMERVILLE - mighty real (you make me feel)  HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_BNL15OVhM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

158.  Joan Jett & The Blackhearts - I Hate Myself for Loving You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpNw7jYkbVc&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

159.  joan jett - crimson and clover 1983.avi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTfHhNg1iII&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

160.  Joan Jett - Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sky1tt8vLA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

161.  John Mellencamp - Hurts So Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dOsbsuhYGQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

162.  John Mellencamp - Jack & Diane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h04CH9YZcpI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

163.  Johnny B. Goode - Back to the Future (910) Movie CLIP (1985) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S1i5coU-0_Q&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

164.  Johnny Hates Jazz - Shattered Dreams (UK Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cX-8MHKuQ5I&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

165.  Journey - Any Way You Want It (Official Video - 1980).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atxUuldUcfI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

166.  Journey - Don’t Stop Believin’ (Escape Tour 1981 Live In Houston).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VcjzHMhBtf0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

167.  Journey - Faithfully (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMD8hBsA-RI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

168.  Journey - Separate Ways (Worlds Apart) (Official Video - 1983).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LatorN4P9aA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

169.  Kenny Loggins - Danger Zone (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siwpn14IE7E&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

170.  Kim Carnes - Bette Davis Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPOIS5taqA8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

171.  Kim Wilde - You Keep Me Hangin' On (Peter's Pop Show 1986).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fu69KBR7RMM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

172.  Kool & The Gang - Cherish (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s09LuDYX12g&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

173.  Kool & The Gang - Fresh (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTJ1XwGDcA4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

174.  Laura Branigan - Self Control - All Night Fuji (1984).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm5F1-kfaJ8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

175.  Limahl - Never Ending Story - 1984.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gf1WT8VEZxk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

176.  Lionel Richie - All Night Long (All Night).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqAvFx3NxUM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

177.  Lisa Stansfield - All Around the World (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVuuatjHGnY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

178.  Love and Rockets - Ball Of Confusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcfXWtI7ML0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

179.  Loverboy - Turn Me Loose (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnHm4ro_l8s&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

180.  Madonna - Borderline (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSaC-YbSDpo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

181.  Madonna - Express Yourself (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GsVcUzP_O_8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

182.  Madonna - Holiday [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Rswx2Z7SDw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

183.  Madonna - Like A Prayer (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79fzeNUqQbQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

184.  Madonna - Like A Virgin (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s__rX_WL100&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

185.  Madonna - Lucky Star [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ThHz9wlBeLU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

186.  Madonna - Open Your Heart (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snsTmi9N9Gs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

187.  Madonna - Vogue [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuJQSAiODqI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

188.  Martika - Toy Soldiers (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvdLovAaYzM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

189.  Max-A-Million - Sexual Healing (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gz_dk2XGzQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

190.  Men At Work - Down Under (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfR9iY5y94s&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

191.  Men At Work - Who Can It Be Now (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SECVGN4Bsgg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

192.  Men Without Hats - Safety Dance (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjPau5QYtYs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

193.  Michael Jackson - Bad (Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUXAEzaC3Q&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

194.  Michael Jackson - Beat It (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oRdxUFDoQe0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

195.  Michael Jackson - Billie Jean (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi_XLOBDo_Y&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

196.  Michael Jackson - The Way You Make Me Feel (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzZ_urpj4As&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

197.  Michael Jackson - Thriller (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOnqjkJTMaA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

198.  Microchip League (MCL) - New York.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxUcHIBVYLM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

199.  Midnight Oil - Beds Are Burning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejorQVy3m8E&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

200.  Mike & The Mechanics - Silent running.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ep7W89I_V_g&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

201.  Mike & The Mechanics - The living Years.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGDA0Hecw1k&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

202.  Milli Vanilli - Baby Don't Forget My Number (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhyzGDPwmYU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

203.  Milli Vanilli - Girl I'm Gonna Miss You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbUENJ5FjBk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

204.  Modern English - I Melt With You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LuN6gs0AJls&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

205.  Morrissey - Suedehead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AvuweztG4Q&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

206.  Mr. Mister - Broken Wings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKhN1t_7PEY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

207.  Mr. Mister - Is It Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nWxxRlVNM30&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

208.  Mötley Crüe - Girls Girls Girls (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2XdmyBtCRQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

209.  New Order - True Faith (1987) (Official Music Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfI1S0PKJR8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

210.  Night Ranger - Sister Christian (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z92bmlcmyq0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

211.  Noel - Silent Morning (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzA6yO7BO10&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

212.  Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark - If You Leave (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPmTGFg06zA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

213.  Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark - Secret.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EtYre1GABao&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

214.  Pat Benatar - Fire And Ice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsKCU5ll3D0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

215.  Pat Benatar - Love Is A Battlefield (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IGVZOLV9SPo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

216.  Pat Benatar - We Belong (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxZInIyOBXk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

217.  Patrick Hernandez - Born to Be Alive - Official Video (Clip Officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UaJAnnipkY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

218.  Patrick Swayze - She's like the wind (Dirty Dancing soundtrack).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5VVpI9n0V9Y&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

219.  Paul Simon - You Can Call Me Al (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uq-gYOrU8bA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

220.  Paul Young - Everytime You Go Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfk6sCzRTbM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

221.  Pet Shop Boys - Always On My Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDe60CbIagg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

222.  Pet Shop Boys - Domino Dancing (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik2YF05iX2w&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

223.  Pet Shop Boys - Suburbia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VCqAjYO3NM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

224.  Pet Shop Boys - West End Girls (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3j2NYZ8FKs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

225.  Pet Shop Boys - What Have I Done To Deserve This (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wn9E5i7l-Eg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

226.  PETER CETERA & AMY GRANT - The Next Time I Fall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQKqp_rZbVk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

227.  PETER CETERA - GLORY OF LOVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIYfgXKloMU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

228.  Peter Gabriel - Big Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBAl9cchQac&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

229.  Peter Gabriel - In Your Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kU8OJAOMbPg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

230.  Peter Gabriel - Shock The Monkey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnVf1ZoCJSo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

231.  Peter Gabriel - Sledgehammer (1986).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1tTN-b5KHg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

232.  Peter Gabriel - Sledgehammer (HD version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJWJE0x7T4Q&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

233.  Phil Collins - Another Day In Paradise (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qt2mbGP6vFI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

234.  Phil Collins - Sussudio (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0qBaBb1Y-U&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

235.  Phil Collins - You Can`t Hurry Love [HIGH QUALITY] VideoClip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ao9SIKC48vg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

236.  Pink Floyd - Another Brick In The Wall (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR5ApYxkU-U&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

237.  Poison - Every Rose Has Its Thorn (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2r2nDhTzO4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

238.  Poison - Nothin' But A Good Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_88L-CU7PD4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

239.  PRETTY POISON - Catch Me I'm Falling   HD--169  .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNQUhqFZ3h8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

240.  Queen - Another One Bites the Dust (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rY0WxgSXdEE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

241.  Queen - Crazy Little Thing Called Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO6D_BAuYCI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

242.  Queen - I Want To Break Free (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eM8Ss28zjcE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

243.  Queen - Radio Ga Ga (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azdwsXLmrHE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

244.  Queen - Under Pressure (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a01QQZyl-_I&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

245.  Queen – Bohemian Rhapsody (Official Video Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ9rUzIMcZQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

246.  Quiet Riot - Bang Your Head (Metal Health) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_1ruZWJigo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

247.  R.E.M. - It's The End Of The World (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0GFRcFm-aY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

248.  R.E.M. - Losing My Religion (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwtdhWltSIg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

249.  R.E.M. - Stand (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLaSXpqp__E&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

250.  R.E.M. - The One I Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7oQEPfe-O8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

251.  RATT - Round And Round (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0u8teXR8VE4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

252.  Ray Parker Jr. - Ghostbusters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fe93CLbHjxQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

253.  Ready For The World - Love You Down (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3Ui8_oqc9Q&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

254.  Ready For The World - Oh Sheila (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbL2lMn34Oo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

255.  REO Speedwagon - Can't Fight This Feeling (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpOULjyy-n8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

256.  Richard Marx - Hazard (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdmHHoI9beM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

257.  Richard Marx - Hold On To The Nights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBmNTLxclXE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

258.  Richard Marx - Right Here Waiting (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_E2EHVxNAE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

259.  Richard Marx - Satisfied (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sOjdusDUzE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

260.  Richard Marx - Should've Known Better (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpKxH2dDqEM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

261.  Richard Marx ? Angelia ?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsYK2JJNflg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

262.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

263.  Rick James - Super Freak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYHxGBH6o4M&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

264.  Rick Springfield - Jessie's Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYkbTyHXwbs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

265.  Robert Palmer - Addicted To Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcATvu5f9vE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

266.  Robert Palmer - Simply Irresistible (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrGw_cOgwa8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

267.  Rockwell - Somebody's Watching Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YvAYIJSSZY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

268.  Rod Stewart   Infatuation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH_xiZZheg4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

269.  Rod Stewart - Love Touch (1986).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFVgPWXeMaQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

270.  Roxette - It Must Have Been Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2C5TjS2sh4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

271.  Roxette - The Look.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlVI7ZNiFlI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

272.  RUN DMC - It's Tricky (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-O5IHVhWj0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

273.  RUN DMC - Walk This Way (Official HD Video) ft. Aerosmith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4B_UYYPb-Gk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

274.  Sade - Smooth Operator - Official - 1984.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4TYv2PhG89A&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

275.  Sade - The Sweetest Taboo - Official - 1985.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcPc18SG6uA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

276.  Salt-N-Pepa - Push It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCadcBR95oU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

277.  Scandal ft. Patty Smyth - The Warrior (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47y5bo8wtqM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

278.  Scandal, Patty Smyth - Goodbye To You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_50-gOeBilc&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

279.  Scorpions - Rock You Like A Hurricane (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yP1tcy9a10&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

280.  Scorpions - Wind Of Change (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4RjJKxsamQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

281.  Shannon - Let The Music Play (original video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uB_dYLTHsPA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

282.  Shriekback - Nemesis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bMM61Y5CEU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

283.  Simple Minds - Alive And Kicking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljIQo1OHkTI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

284.  Simple Minds - All The Things She Said.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tytPcvyJASc&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

285.  Simple Minds - Don't You (Forget About Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdqoNKCCt7A&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

286.  Simply Red - If You Don't Know Me By Now (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zTcu7MCtuTs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

287.  Situation - YAZOO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdV-5ivltkc&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

288.  Soft Cell -Tainted Love official music video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-O_r-vJ1CY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

289.  Soul II Soul - Back To Life (However Do You Want Me) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TB54dZkzZOY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

290.  Spandau Ballet - True (HD Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AR8D2yqgQ1U&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

291.  Starship - Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wxyN3z9PL4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

292.  Starship - Sara (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32ScTb6_KHg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

293.  Starship - We Built This City (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1b8AhIsSYQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

294.  Steve Perry - Foolish Heart (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9iTAYYAybI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

295.  Steve Winwood - Back In The High Life Again (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Adw772km7PQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

296.  Stray Cats - (She's) Sexy & 17.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZynIhCs27Xs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

297.  Stray Cats - Rock This Town (1683130).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9a8Pkw9VBR8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

298.  Stray Cats - Rock This Town.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RxBHRZpIdg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

299.  Stray Cats - Stray Cat Strut (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEtbfzMLVWU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

300.  Survivor - Eye Of The Tiger (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btPJPFnesV4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

301.  Survivor - Is This Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d812E8q7I4A&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

302.  Survivor - The Search Is Over (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xELTfJ-ZVBc&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

303.  Susanne Vega - Tom's Diner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-26hsZqwveA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

304.  Suzanne Vega - Luka (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZt7J0iaUD0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

305.  T'Pau - Heart And Soul (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwrYMWoqg5w&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

306.  Talking Heads - And She Was.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgSVTdAtNYE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

307.  Taylor Dayne - Tell It to My Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud6sU3AclT4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

308.  The B-52's - Love Shack (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SOryJvTAGs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

309.  The B-52's - Roam (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNwC0sp-uA4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

310.  The Bangles - American Bandstand - May 10, 1986.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhK0zTxzZ7c&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

311.  The Bangles - Eternal Flame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSoOFn3wQV4&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

312.  The Bangles - Manic Monday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsmVgoXDq2w&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

313.  The Bangles - Walk Like an Egyptian (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv6tuzHUuuk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

314.  The camouflage The Great Commandment (1987).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXODGahChBM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

315.  The Cars - Drive (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuZA6qiJVfU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

316.  The Cars - Magic (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0Kv6vxZwL8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

317.  The Cars-Shake it up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eq-yoorI7lo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

318.  The Clash - Rock the Casbah (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJ9r8LMU9bQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

319.  The Communards - Don't Leave Me This Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifAtvI48R_0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

320.  The Cult Rain ?? - Bohemia Afterdark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3DgAJwVeVU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

321.  The Cure - Fascination Street (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ycl_ayPHU0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

322.  The Cure - Lovesong (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXCKLJGLENs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

323.  The Cure - Lullaby (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sS6t56U9tBg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

324.  The Cure - Pictures Of You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8UR2TFUp8w&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

325.  The Cure Why Can't I Be You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MI0a9hTh5AU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

326.  The Dazz Band Let It Whip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SE7-tWEEejU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

327.  The Fixx - One Thing Leads To Another (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHYIGy1dyd8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

328.  The Go-Go's - Our Lips Are Sealed (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3kQlzOi27M&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

329.  The Hooters - And We Danced (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zB1Q-PfUvN0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

330.  The Human League - Don't You Want Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPudE8nDog0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

331.  The Human League - Don't You Want Me Baby (TopPop) (1981) (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKZVTyBKhGU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

332.  The Human League - Human.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1ysoohV_zA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

333.  The Police - De Do Do Do, De Da Da Da.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7v2GDbEmjGE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

334.  The Police - Don't Stand So Close To Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNIZofPB8ZM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

335.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

336.  The Police - Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aENX1Sf3fgQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

337.  The Police - Wrapped Around Your Finger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svWINSRhQU0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

338.  The Power of Love - Huey Lewis and the News (Back to the Future).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NMph943tsw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

339.  The Psychedelic Furs - The Ghost in You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T87u5yuUVi8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

340.  The Rolling Stones - Start Me Up - Official Promo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SGyOaCXr8Lw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

341.  The Romantics - Talking in Your Sleep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmGMzyajA2U&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

342.  The Tubes - She's A Beauty (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQ_k_VG6Syc&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

343.  Tiffany - I Think We're Alone Now (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6Q3mHyzn78&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

344.  Timbuk 3 - The Future's So Bright.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qrriKcwvlY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

345.  Tina Turner - Private Dancer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4QnalIHlVc&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

346.  Tina Turner - The Best (Official Music Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GC5E8ie2pdM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

347.  Tina Turner - What's Love Got to Do with It [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGpFcHTxjZs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

348.  Tom Petty - Free Fallin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lWJXDG2i0A&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

349.  Tom Petty - I Won't Back Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUTXb-ga1fo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

350.  Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers - Don't Come Around Here No More (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0JvF9vpqx8&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

351.  Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers - Refugee (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFnOfpIJL0M&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

352.  Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers - Runnin' Down A Dream (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1D3a5eDJIs&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

353.  Tommy Tutone - 867-5309Jenny.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WTdTwcmxyo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

354.  Tone loc - funky cold medina.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63ZIf2H9S0E&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

355.  Tone Loc - Wild Thing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=387ZDGSKVSg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

356.  Tones On Tail - Go.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6hpAihC3Qk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

357.  Toto - Africa (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

358.  Toto - Rosanna (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmOLtTGvsbM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

359.  Trouble me   10 000 Maniacs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zfYFJVdL6U&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

360.  Twisted Sister - I Wanna Rock (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRwrg0db_zY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

361.  Twisted Sister - We're Not Gonna Take it (Extended Version) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9AbeALNVkk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

362.  U2 - Pride (In The Name Of Love) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHcP4MWABGY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

363.  U2 - Where The Streets Have No Name (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzZWSrr5wFI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

364.  Van Halen - Hot For Teacher (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M4_Ommfvv0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

365.  Van Halen - Jamie's Cryin' (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOjm4I7LRgY&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

366.  Van Halen - Jump (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwYN7mTi6HM&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

367.  Van Halen - Panama (Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w-NshzYK9y0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

368.  Van Halen - Panama (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuKDBPw8wQA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

369.  Van Halen - When It's Love (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZGXRCI-JzQ&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

370.  Van Halen - Why Can't This Be Love (1986) (Music Video) WIDESCREEN 720p.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=STVcNX7anGU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

371.  Van Halen - You really got me 1980.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bg1UG0GwIKc&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

372.  WAITING FOR A GIRL LIKE YOU-FOREIGNER-OFFICIAL VIDEO - 1981 [ HD ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20qVro3bcJI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

373.  Wang Chung - Dance Hall Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-xpJRwIA-Q&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

374.  Wang Chung - Everybody Have Fun Tonight (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoXu6QmxpJE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

375.  Warrant - Cherry Pie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjyZKfdwlng&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

376.  Weird Al Yankovic - Eat It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcJjMnHoIBI&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

377.  Weird Al Yankovic - Fat (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2mU6USTBRE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

378.  Weird Al Yankovic - Like A Surgeon (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=notKtAgfwDA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

379.  Wham! - Everything She Wants (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yf_Lwe6p-Cg&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

380.  Wham! - Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIgZ7gMze7A&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

381.  When In Rome - The Promise (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HI_xFQWiYU&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

382.  Whitesnake - Is This Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOJk0HW_hJw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

383.  Whitesnake - Is This Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujnH4yNqL8E&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

384.  Whitney Houston - I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eH3giaIzONA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

385.  Yazoo - Don't Go (1982)..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLTGs4fqxBk&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

386.  Yes - Owner Of A Lonely Heart 1983 Video Sound HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpIduDaggVA&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

387.  You Belong to the City - Glenn Frey (2014) HD video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-QCKnlD0R0&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

388.  Young MC - Bust A Move.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xy4FXhkm6Nw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

389.  ZZ Top - Gimme All Your Lovin' (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ae829mFAGGE&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

390.  ZZ Top - Legs (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUDcTLaWJuo&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw

391.  ZZ Top - Sharp Dressed Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wRHBLwpASw&list=PLd9auH4JIHvupoMgW5YfOjqtj6Lih0MKw
BEST OF THE 80's - A Compilation of the Most Popular Music Video's Ever Played on MTV in the 80's