
Aladdin's Mistake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhyLXlEti6s&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

All 24 Types Of Males Explained.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Br4ln6CLIz4&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Angry Birds PSA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXNXxCgFo8E&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Back To The Future In ACTUAL 2015.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4LI_EqnJq8&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Batman vs. Cat Lady.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHFd6BpmEiU&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Boston Charms Cereal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZOnisDd1IM&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Bowser and His Minions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOcixShtD5o&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Cell Phone Reunion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OD8OcPGScRU&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Cereal Mascot Therapy Session.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj2twApbapU&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Charlie and the Apple Factory.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPYromrN7OI&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Condomned.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XHOc716NRXQ&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

CSI Scooby Doo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0_-aVaEyP8&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Cupid is Out of Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5ya0dehxms&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Dating It's Complicated - The After Prom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldFq82DeiYo&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Dating It's Complicated - The Cartoon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGQuiLdbCJE&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Early Adopters Through History.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VekUJcbIhJg&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Everyone is an Asshole.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVJC0LJTYZc&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

God's Boss Craig New Jesus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIXMQLpJiRk&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

God's Boss Craig Sponsorship.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SV9Onxd2gho&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

God's Boss Craig.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HUBOD7Qt74&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Google Earth Guys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgFgYjWFH0Y&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Halo Spartan Heaven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3eXOkVpEAo&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Harry Potter and the Douchebag Magicians.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dYlNi5pDeDU&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Luigi Finally Snaps - (English Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNlAZLCGLuU&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

McFuneral.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLlvTzkr8UY&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Muppet Teens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ut4z7tUFck&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

My Little Brony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2p6LVZFLSfw&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Ninja Condoms (Condomned Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-KuMlxnr48&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Oh, The Places You'll (Actually) Go.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIP8lFWa_mg&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Pacman Ghosts Discuss TV.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcaZkGR-nH4&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Pixar Intro Parody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFK_XuVqsCQ&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Predator's Teenage Son.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfsFV7VGBzI&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Realistic Superhero Funeral.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHm2XrwpGtI&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Roommate Confessions The Hypocrite.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrdIZ_A0S9E&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

RPG Heroes Are Jerks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kedjhnguKhc&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Sexual (Party) Favors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sC3XGke-6HY&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Sonic and Mario's Awkward Reunion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odDpjEG4sJg&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Spiderman's Weakness (1624367).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sE2rGdRUP6w&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Spiderman's Weakness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sE2rGdRUP6w&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Star Trek Confusion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQJushOxnm4&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Stoners' New Anthem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QS-aerse5Ig&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

The Conservative Lorax.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6uJkI9DE14&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

The Mad (Republican) Tea Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyIZIiY81Ek&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

The Really, Really Giving Tree.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5paKczJn4IU&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

The Roast of Facebook.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xm1rZUjAm64&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

The Roast of HBO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=en9LDlQnkBs&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

The Roast of Mario (featuring Patrick Warburton).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tPUgZlN6cdA&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

The Roast of Weed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HP_aGGgR4Vs&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

The Video Game Bosses' Lament.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uc9d3zEt97g&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

The Worst Starcraft General.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lb4eokdzuBk&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Transformers Go Hollywood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtSl3Khf1aE&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Undercover Videogame Boss.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARzHpMx3l28&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

Video Game Health Care Bill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_yoRWXrZVzA&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15

What You Wish Would Happen on the Walking Dead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taPTjAp5GSs&list=PLS75CNinkB8JKrHKLOMWghJ8qadd6l-15
CollegeHumor Animations