
A Dirty Cop's Worst Nightmare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Bn3oIgriw8&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

ABC CEO No More Racist Shows  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slT5WcWNq_s&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

Boring Beer for Boring People  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etFHelvFeHE&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

Defender of the Basic  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1mbbYKPpHY&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

Defender of the Basic Meets The April Fool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-vcosXe2sw&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

Don't Trash Talk New York  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNpoplfLT1w&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

Every Wedding Speech Ever  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wszzgOnJ5U&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

Gabriel Iglesias  Aloha Fluffy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HuwAbEKOzYI&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

Honest Road Trip  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFWudk6aIuU&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

Lying to Have Something in Common.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fStc0oBUZ9A&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

MoviePass CEO PLEASE DON'T CANCEL (1956403).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBO_7UezpbY&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

MoviePass CEO PLEASE DON'T CANCEL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBO_7UezpbY&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

The Apothecary Barista.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzkwD1LEXQ4&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

The Guy Who Needs To Win Everything  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7MBoi2m31w&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

The Guy Who Won't Call In Sick  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pe9JVLEBgcc&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

Tide CEO You Gotta Stop Eating Tide Pods  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFKQ7GflRkk&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

Tumblr CEO No More Porn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtUuab1Aqg0&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

Venmo CEO We’re Fun!   CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWFLztKBrLY&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

When Your Date's Apartment Sucks  CH Shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_Qq1H2ceQk&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU

You're Too Sad to Argue With  Hardly Working.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7b_0CfmQ1NU&list=PLIAMuEZ70_gU9szh1nDSAKT0d-JRLrnWU
Brennan from CH