
10 Minute Morning Meditation, Start Your Day Well, Guided Spoken Meditation, By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmKhN63yCPw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

28 Day Change Your Thoughts Manifest New Reality Guided Sleep Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWMxRwUwg7o&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

5 of the Best Sleep Guided Meditations (Combined into one seamless recording)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsB_TnQfCxA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

7 Chakra Guided Sleep Meditation, Before Sleep Meditation for the Chakras, Beginners to Advanced
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8a1tbwXyAZM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

A Guided Mind Adventure Story for sleep Visit Pyramids, Incas,  sleep hypnosis, sleep meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_Wo75k8D3Q&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Affirmations for Health, Wealth, Happiness, Abundance I AM with Sleep Music, 30 Day Program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxeecvJyZwc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Affirmations for Health, Wealth, Wisdom I AM Affirmations for Sleep & Positive Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkbtGxEoBRE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Attract Loving Relationships, Before Sleep Guided Meditation, Manifest Love Spoken Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDQSwTKZOs8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Back To Basics Guided Meditation For beginners & returning meditation users
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IzV6J4WCwRM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Before Sleep  Beginners Spoken Guided Meditation  Chakra Alignment How to  Chakra Balance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8LIbeKQ60U&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Before Sleep Ho'oponopono Affirmation Meditation for forgiveness, reconciliation transformation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDJYZXlsASg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Beginner Hypnosis Guided Meditation for Sleep  Floating Islands Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdOF4Gkkb14&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Beginners Guided Meditation Before Sleep Release Anxiety and Stress As You Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjdGzmXnqgI&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Calm Down Before Sleep Guided Meditation, Spoken Mind Journey, Letting Go of Worries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JNi1JGUs6E&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Calming Mindfulness Meditation before Sleeping (Spoken Guided Sleep Hypnosis) Let go and sleep well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFEnruF-dts&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

CALMING OUR MINDS Relaxing music & Affirmations for a Peaceful life & RELAXATION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOQaVSX-N4c&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Can't Sleep Hypnosis Affirmations Programming  DEEP SLEEP for insomnia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPS0JLpcf4o&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Can't sleep, Meditation For Insomnia, Guided Voice, Gentle Music For Sleepless Nights, Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8LjxXSxBeA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Deep Positivity Guided Sleep Meditation, Before Sleeping Meditation with Affirmations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9O2iQlFGHyM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Deep Sleep Guided Meditation,  Body Scan to Ease Tension Release Negativity (with Rainfall)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYl4rF2PA7A&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Fall Asleep In MINUTES! Sleep Talk-Down Guided Meditation Hypnosis for Sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6Ay9v7gK9w&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation Centering Yourself  A Grounding Mind Meditation for stress, sleep, anxiety
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hL-FiMYY_34&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation Coping with Loss, Despair & Helplessness (Fires in Australia)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBuBfNsXac0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation For Anxiety & Stress, Beginning Meditation, Guided Imagery Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vO1wPAmiMQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation for Deep Sleep Guardians of The Rainforest A Mind Hypnosis for Sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74AKFyFkKqk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation for Deep Sleep, Create Your Destiny Hypnosis for Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eEd2K1FxNQY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation for Sleep Collaboration with Olivia Kissper (ASMR) End of Day Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZoCi58T2Uc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation for Sleep Golden Stars Sleep meditation to Astral Heights  Sleep Hypnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv9dBujlRSw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation for Sleep, Positive Miracles (Spoken Meditation + Sleep Music)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEfgiRorfbM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation for Sleep, Rest &  Relaxation Flying through the clouds, A spoken Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlAR0arQ0sc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation for Sleep... Floating Amongst the Stars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4qCFFBrrgk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation Open Balance Chakras, Heal & Sleep,  (Cleanse Aura Sleeping Spoken Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DdL9-NhXL6k&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation Sleep & Relaxation Hypnosis Stress Relief (soaring clouds eagle relaxation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cURNSKwMIos&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation Sleep Talk Down  Sleeping Hammock, Hypnosis for Sleep Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpEGwJ6Iw0A&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Meditation, The Magic Book Chapter 1  Relaxation  Spoken Word Guided Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9x10D1jMwQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation (5 spoken sleep meditations in one long meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrRqVrZ8VP4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation (Let Go Of Stress, Anxiety) Sleep Hypnosis Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tW4rDPmFVkg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation Amazon Jungle & Aurora Mind Journey (Spoken Meditation for sleeping) RDM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q82AwxKeb1E&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation Awakening the Chakras & Communing with Your Higher Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XwWpDT6mJg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation Courage Confidence, Inner Strength, Sleep Talk Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeHq0yQKdHk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation Fall Asleep Quickly, Spoken Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBlMI7m89Tg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation for a Positive Mindset, Sleep Talk-Down With Affirmations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HuUtshnOEA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation for Better Dreams No more nightmares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YU3SjDYYWAs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation for LOVE, JOY & OPTIMISM, Sleep Hypnosis with Affirmations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FH11-Mp6w0o&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation for Positive Energy, Relaxation, Deep Sleep Stress Release Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAOltq2UsYQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation FOREST RELAX By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXxigsl3ZPM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation Release Anger, Resentment, Bitterness Prior to Sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiITY-bZRH4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation Set Free Your Inner Child, Sleep Talk Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXU5Ub-tL7A&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation with Gentle Nature Sounds white noise Waterfall (into the forest)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Oeu5gYPOzE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation,  NEW Spoken Meditations for Insomnia, Healing, With Affirmations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGK1cK72RsM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Addiction to Wellness, Uncover Your Wellness & Treasures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSosDUPQTDM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Attract Miracles In All Areas of Your Life, Sleep Meditation with Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lE38ONyzTLQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Body Image Respect and Relaxation for Your Body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8S78hnWXq4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Coping With Change, Sleep Well Meditation For Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Rvj69dR-mw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Courage, Self Confidence, Self Esteem, Inner Power Before Sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ya-Fy7eNSAs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Deep Sleep Under The Stars Peace, With Sleep Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0UorczQsAo&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Detach from Overthinking Sleep Meditation Fountain with Sleep Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrnyMYYf1Yo&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Guidance & Support Sleep Meditation to Connect to Higher Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIOyZYnQqjc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Law of Attraction Spoken Meditation for Sleep, ASK BELIEVE RECEIVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyO0P-5OCVI&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Let Go of Anxiety Before Sleeping Spoken Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6K3XbSVNmWk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Let Go of Pain or Suffering, Sleep Meditation to Ease Pain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUWTXkjKPyo&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Lower Blood Pressure, Sleep Meditation for Stress & Anxiety Reduction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RR1HQqOkPZE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Muscle Awareness Relaxation with Affirmations for deep relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyzMTWecjR8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION, Manifest Goals Before Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esfZeWbwYIw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Peace of Mind Spoken Meditation + Affirmations & Sleep Hypnosis Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uypHIZar-2Y&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Quantum Jump, ENTER a Parallel Reality, Manifest Alternate Versions of YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RAfLgdETByU&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Self Acceptance, Self Love, & Self Respect. (Spoken Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_W2fsN_yYo&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Sleep Talk Down to Remove Limiting Beliefs (With Positive Affirmations)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHxfVOWR2nE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Soothe and Release Anxiety, Stress Meditation with Affirmations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVkXaJSiV30&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Spiritual Connection Sleep Meditation, With Sleep Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QASqjaa7DzY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, The Great Awakening, Empowered Sleep Spoken Meditation, Affirmations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSCgZju-MmI&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Time Travel Sleep Meditation, Visualization Meditation, Law Of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JWJa7d9Xeg&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Guided Sleep Meditation, Veterans PTSD, Returned Soldiers Support
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcPUy0OjU0o&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

HEAL Guided Sleep Meditation for Healing Body, Mind, Spirit Before Sleeping With Ease
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCk05rsSugs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

HEAL Sleep Talk Down, Guided Sleep Meditation to Heal on an Emotional, Physical Level + Affirmations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQeoqqp5rVA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

HEAL Your Body Mind, Whilst You Sleep -  POWER of Focused Desire (Guided Meditation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cnU1f1yQR4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Healing Space A spoken word guided meditation for deep relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SpotwRmX654&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Hypnosis UTOPIA SLEEP MEDITATION A Spoken Guided Meditation into Interstellar Worlds  deep sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwyRJz_fa1c&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

I AM Affirmations, Healthy Wealthy Wise Affirmations Before Sleep (Use 21 Days for Transformation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVX5KEIaPDw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Inner Peace Guided Sleep, Healing While you Sleep Guided Meditation, Sleep Hypnosis Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wu_dNghZjA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Inner Treasures Past,  Present & Future,  Guided Meditation Before Sleep Meditation Sleep Hypnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CbCLyIYliW4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

It Goes Straight To Your Subconscious Mind I AM Affirmations For An Inspired Life Before Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgSkEyvR6Bs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Let Go Of Anxiety Before Sleep Guided Meditation for Overthinking & Worries, Clear Your Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeSgEOyxIOk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Letting Go A Guided Meditation, The Magic Book, Spoken Word Guided  Visualization, Waterfall Relax
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SuH5LlrAm8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Letting Go Before Sleep Guided Meditation Hypnosis  (voice only)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzZox4uN86o&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Life Purpose Guided  Sleep Meditation, Discover Your Purpose As You Drift Off Into Deep Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlNcomACajc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Loving Kindness Before Sleep Guided Meditation (Spoken Self Hypnosis Forgiveness)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UtIskoV36c&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Manifesting & Deserving Abundance Guided Spoken Meditation Hypnosis for sleep & law of attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fckOJcRtVnY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Mindfulness Meditation, 11 Minute Guided Meditation, Body & Breath Awareness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQjO9H7dTD8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Morning Guided Meditation, Positive Ways to Start Your Day,  Setting Intentions, Law of Attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nSBGjaDpdY8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Out Of Body Spoken Visualization Meditation Experience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAJFk0RQ0J0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Past Life Regression, Guided Spoken Sleep Meditation Before Sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLmq4VTSqUw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Power Sleep Meditation (Guided) Abundant Life, Deep Sleep Hypnosis, Voice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7m_QEJWVsk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Release Mind Matters A  Guided Meditation Prior to Sleeping sleep hypnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHhAChNp800&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Reprogram Mind Before You Sleep Guided Meditation, Relax and Change Your Thinking Before Sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXHvxOtAF4k&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Reprogram Your Mind While You Sleep, Positive Mind Affirmations for Sleep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ed5yqt9B9K0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Seven Chakra Guided Meditation Balance Aura Cleansing Sleep Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuC9aB6wmpE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Short Guided Meditation Release All Negative Energy & Worries By Jason Stephenson (10 minutes)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1TD2uVdotM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Short Guided Meditation Release Stress , Anxiety, Beach Meditation, Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0TGt0HB9nGY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep affirmations meditation, affirmations for sleep, sleep music, law of attraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46dYmKYpnGY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Guided Meditation (Spoken) for sleeping, deep relaxation (with rain & fire sounds ) hypnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uw3h_WNngYk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Guided Meditation, Meet Your Spirit Guides Whilst Sleeping, Calming Your Mind Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIAWiBZ_ZZM&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Hypnosis Fall Asleep Fast, Sleep Talk Down, Guided Sleep Meditation By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qNFzlvSEc0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep in Peace Guided Meditation for sleeping (Spoken Hypnosis Meditation with music for insomnia)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yOjC8DbR0I&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

SLEEP in the Arms of Safety A Meditation Spoken  Affirmations,  Sleep Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyON1q7YrsA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Meditation 21 Days of Letting Go, Guided Spoken Meditation for Letting Go of The Past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd1KHtH1bHU&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Meditation Release Worry Guided Meditation Hypnosis for a Deep Sleep & Relaxation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcdBCam2pnU&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

SLEEP MEDITATION, The Positive Healing Bubble Sleep Hypnosis Guided Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_WMk-dQuoY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Story with Sleep Meditation Music, Fall Asleep Fast (Kira and the Clearview River)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GVv35z3GmA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down Abundance, Love & Happiness Guided Sleep Meditation By Jason Stephenson (1356723)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1sJYZS81Zk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down Abundance, Love & Happiness Guided Sleep Meditation By Jason Stephenson (1433734)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1sJYZS81Zk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down Abundance, Love & Happiness Guided Sleep Meditation By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1sJYZS81Zk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down Calm Mind & Inner Peace Guided Sleep Meditation By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IAv2wvxnwFA&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down Detach From Overthinking Guided Sleep Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtLNZ0jO5j0&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down Guided Meditation Fall Asleep Faster with Sleep Music & Spoken Word Hypnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69o0P7s8GHE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down Guided Meditation Fall Asleep Faster, Guided Sleep Meditation Visualization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZ4_VQWvYvY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

SLEEP TALK DOWN Guided Sleep Meditation, Cleanse Negative Energy from Mind & Body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rR8a2LCDccw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down Release Worries & Strengthen Your Immune System Health Guided Sleep Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtQJ8hID4IY&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

SLEEP TALK DOWN, Fall Asleep Fast Guided Sleep Meditation, Floating In Space, Stars and Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URI5zw-bJ88&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down, Guided Sleep Meditation with Rainfall Sounds, Insomnia Relief
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cj7K_ZXgN2A&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down, Guided Sleep Meditation, CALM MIND CALM BODY By Jason Stephenson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSvWKFFlF9k&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down, Guided Sleep Meditation, Calming an Overactive Mind (with music)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByLgTVNy5QQ&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down, Ho'oponopono for Healing, Forgiveness, Guided Sleep Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7Lh9s8vqDs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down, Release FEAR, WORRIES & STRESS Guided Sleep Meditation (Tropical Island)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5zzZNpgjYk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down, Release Negativity, Deep State of Relaxation, with Sleep Music & Affirmations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VptRKZIywlw&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk Down, SLEEP Guided Meditation Tranquility with Sleep Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XUPw8RNKso&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk-Down Release Worries and Negativity, Spoken Guided Sleep Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3jYjHIJRD8&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk-Down, Release Subconscious Blockages &  Clear Negative Energy Guided Sleep Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoBiw8LOoEE&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Sleep Talk-Down, Reset Sleep Meditation, (Mind, Body Spirit), Guided Sleep Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dlIwh-tAjs&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Soaring Sleep Guided Body Mind Meditation Hypnosis before sleeping (ASMR Sleep voice)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFHt09PlExk&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Spoken Guided SLEEP Meditation Journey to the Galaxies and Beyond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsJ4LErizdc&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Spoken Guided Sleep Meditation Yogic Sleep (Hypnosis  sleep lucid dreaming)  Yoga Nidra 31 Points
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgh2QFvWf7s&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Super Moon Guided Sleep Meditation, Healing & Transformation Full Moon Meditation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5a6fgU6Nw84&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

UNWIND YOUR MIND Before Sleep Meditation (Spoken with Music) A Guided Meditation  Insomnia Sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UC4yF3_si5U&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Weight Loss SLEEP MEDITATION, for a better physique, Guided Sleep Hypnosis with Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qg7iD7P5b4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Whisper Meditation Guided Floating Visualization for Insomnia Or Those Who Can't Sleep, Soothing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6jkW3AR9z4&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63

Yoga Nidra Sleep Meditation, (Guided Sleep Hypnosis) Progressive 61 Point  Fall Asleep Fast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crhFadUmN2k&list=PLwRp13WDIrMPjRsRKvtk8olUe934DIT63
Guided Sleep Meditations (Spoken Meditations prior to sleeping)