
#11 THE ANGEL METATRON - Anunnaki Psychic Spirit Fairie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_T1QXx0qK5s&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

'Good' and 'Evil' Prayers - 'Black' & 'White' Magic - Annunaki & Elohim ET 'Gods'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUbGuiscFQw&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

10 Ancient North American Mysteries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xA2Io2QI7HQ&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

10 Required Driving Maneuvers for the Behind the Wheel Road Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyShzd-FEPo&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

12 Most Incredible Things Found Frozen in Ice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4G81DUJqG7Y&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

12 Most Mysterious Things Science Still Can't Explain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khjdheYDhiw&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

2015 An Egypt Ancient Hidden Technology of the Annunaki How it build 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTBNOb4Byxw&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

25 Nephilim Architectures Discovered in the Andes, Historians Puzzled by Highly Bizarre Feats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEr69XqFbR8&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

251 Capricorn Radio Gerald Clark The Emerald Tablets Unveiled
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WENWfoGuG8M&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

3 of The Strangest Skulls Ever Found  Are Ancient Aliens Real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRLQgOE5MCA&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

7 Alien Races That Look Like Beautiful Human Women by Amazing Coincidence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMWuvuFkBBg&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

7,000 Year Old Sumerian Text  Anunnaki Ancient Sky Gods - Zecharia Sitchin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feDVELJ0HCA&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

780,000 Year Reign - The Anunnaki Sumerian Council & 9 Tablets of Enki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X06SGIzJHGs&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

8 Immortal Lords Ruled Earth For 240,000 Years
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vz-L00vXZwM&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

8. The Sumerians - Fall of the First Cities (1182515)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2lJUOv0hLA&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

8. The Sumerians - Fall of the First Cities (1483979)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cq1g8czIBJY&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

8. The Sumerians - Fall of the First Cities
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2lJUOv0hLA&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

8ª Concentraçao  Tuning Fafe 2011- Show Car Girls ( Very Hot )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3isQ6mnH8bM&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

99`% MONKs use this Secret Technique for MIND CONTROL  Dandapani & Swami Mukundananda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HkYKGCImwk8&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

= Annunaki = And Ancient Hidden Technology - History Channel - Vs Illuminati Gold - 2014 Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fz1Cv_V8BmM&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

A brief discussion on spirituality, supernatural powers and annunaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Brp93TKKFw&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

A Brief History of The Demon Core (Short Documentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VE8FnsnWz48&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

A message from the Anunnaki The children of the Sun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ug8rLPEC0rQ&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

A Piece of the Sun Missing  NASA's Unexplained Files (Full Episode)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKH0icH4-yE&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

A Race of Giants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mR5i0lI3xrw&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

A'an - The Tablets of Thoth (Psychedelic Reading)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QtEF0lucr4&list=PLauhh5JZ6KRrdejw87F10cOek4jHPJbgz

Alex - Anunnaki - they still walk among us
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5vxjg_kDn4&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Alien Moon (FULL MOVIE)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dt5vZ4I4Oj8&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Alien Races KGB book
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzMX2CVIZSQ&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

Alien Skull Found
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdBFW2yUnws&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

AlphaGo - The Movie  Full award-winning documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXuK6gekU1Y&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

America Unearthed Ancient Ruins Buried Beneath a Texas Town (S2, E3)  Full Episode  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0W2Z-oKlnQ&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

America Unearthed The New World Order (S2, E2)  Full Episode  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8lzLdzNhsmE&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

ANCIENT ALIEN MYSTERY - RISE OF THE ANUNNAKI (1795754)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ_d7LxTMqc&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

ANCIENT ALIEN MYSTERY - RISE OF THE ANUNNAKI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJ_d7LxTMqc&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

ANCIENT ALIEN MYSTERY NIBIRU III - Return of the Anunnaki (1051889)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01lMEmbFeSQ&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

ANCIENT ALIEN MYSTERY NIBIRU III - Return of the Anunnaki (1230877)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01lMEmbFeSQ&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

ANCIENT ALIEN MYSTERY NIBIRU III - Return of the Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01lMEmbFeSQ&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Ancient Alien Technology Reveals A 50,000 year old Spark Plug Discovered (Coso Artifact) Annunaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIGsY9vBNTc&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Ancient Aliens - THE EVIDENCE - must watch!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4cQNompleQ&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Ancient Aliens Alien Blood Types (S11, E10)  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1RZ8FZrNiA&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Ancient Aliens Alien Gods of Ancient Sumer (Season 13)  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clkcPD_LZdw&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Ancient Aliens Debunked - (full movie) HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9w-i5oZqaQ&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Ancient Aliens From The Sirius Star System  Lost Civilizations of the Sky Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfPlVpsvzww&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Ancient Aliens Gods from the Stars (S8, E6)  History (1206138)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lvH0RAPII4&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

Ancient Aliens Gods from the Stars (S8, E6)  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lvH0RAPII4&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Ancient Aliens Nebuchadnezzar Opens Star Gate (Season 10)  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecSoMao17B0&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANCIENT ALIENS The ANUNNAKI Marshall Klarfeld UFO technology Night Fright Show  Brent Holland
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvUVjoEIq3Y&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Ancient Aliens The Bible's Shocking Connection to the Number 12 (Season 16)  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzt7gD4d6uI&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Ancient Aliens Was Noah an Alien (Season 9)  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wu6FxaD_NIg&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Ancient Aliens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yyQpTaxKL8&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Ancient Annunaki Sophisticated Design and Technology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTRlbSeX0HQ&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Ancient Anunnaki Creation Story, Predates Bible Thousands of Years, Highly Suppressed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYhesf5ORVU&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

Ancient Anunnaki Tablet, Oxford Translated, Second Sun, Pole Shift & Major Cataclysmic Event
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GnP-tuobq_0&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

ANCIENT ASTRONAUT REPLICA ARTIFACTS PT1 - DECIPHERED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSPUarsWTaM&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

ANCIENT ASTRONAUT REPLICA ARTIFACTS PT2 - DECIPHERED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7wYBBhPghc&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

ANCIENT ASTRONAUT REPLICA ARTIFACTS PT3 - DECIPHERED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cY8KfGFgGM&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

ANCIENT ASTRONAUT REPLICA ARTIFACTS PT4 - PAPYRUS DECIPHERED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tP92taGS-o&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Ancient Astronauts, Anunnaki Throughout History & Their Influence on Mankind - 2017 Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zC9lYFI9rx0&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Ancient Giants And The Anunnaki Home-world... Sumerian Secrets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-odyLPEgF8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANCIENT GIANTS existed - Best Full Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jx3vVSSfEs&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Ancient Myth Untangled Who Were The Annunaki Where Did They Come From THE TRUTH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxQaX5rtjoM&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Ancient Myths of Giant Nephilim, Annunaki, Greek Gods, Angels & Flood are Possibly Real
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzOnYyn-3Ng&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Ancient Records of Enoch in Antarctica Explain NephilimActivityNiburu Obsession there ! - The Best
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SUp8jWmzGc&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Ancient Sumerian Tablets  Documentary Boxset  The 'watchers' world's biggest secret decoded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FQS9VMswBI&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Ancient, Suppressed, Cuneiform Tablet Verifies Lucifer & Jesus, They're Not Who You Think
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APlY8Hx5sqU&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Annunaki - Illuminated Ones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psiUnei8cB8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANNUNAKI And HUMAN ORIGINS  The Mandela Effect Theory NEW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRpmaUyWRTg&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Annunaki Gods and godesses???????? the melanated beings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsXNEznW99w&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Annunaki secrets and prophecies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDpUDNCA_fA&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Annunaki vs Grey aliens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SdW0Nhqb2vw&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Annunaki, Hybrid Humans & Hidden History w- Michael Tellinger - Gnostic Warrior #6 (1011269)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQD5MswSvTo&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Annunaki, Hybrid Humans & Hidden History w- Michael Tellinger - Gnostic Warrior #6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQD5MswSvTo&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Antarctica Secrets 2018 Bizarre Discoveries That Science Can't or Won't Explain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovzYaxMhj7A&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Anu (Anunnaki) - Mesopotamian God and Sky Father  Sumerian God Mythology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDKtN1lc_Zo&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

Anu The Supreme God of the Sky (Mesopotamian Mythology Explained) (1309384)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOEb2LbUdVU&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

Anu The Supreme God of the Sky (Mesopotamian Mythology Explained)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOEb2LbUdVU&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANUNNAKI   Gods & Kings - Part One - Myth or reality (1117337)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acZ-dvqDMlw&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

ANUNNAKI   Gods & Kings - Part One - Myth or reality (1790367)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acZ-dvqDMlw&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

ANUNNAKI   Gods & Kings - Part One - Myth or reality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acZ-dvqDMlw&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANUNNAKI  1 ANUNNAKI  1ANUNNAKI   ANUNNAKI - THE MOVIE (1073748)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yROe6r3QFco&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

ANUNNAKI  1 ANUNNAKI  1ANUNNAKI   ANUNNAKI - THE MOVIE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yROe6r3QFco&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Anunnaki  Full Ancient Humans Alien Documentary (1028640)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQuP82c6jW0&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

Anunnaki  Full Ancient Humans Alien Documentary (1354620)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQuP82c6jW0&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

Anunnaki  Full Ancient Humans Alien Documentary (1408469)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQuP82c6jW0&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

Anunnaki  Full Ancient Humans Alien Documentary (1772917)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQuP82c6jW0&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

Anunnaki  Full Ancient Humans Alien Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQuP82c6jW0&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANUNNAKI  Gods, Kings, and myths - Part TWO - Just Myths (1247684)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqVBHhtGjOE&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

ANUNNAKI  Gods, Kings, and myths - Part TWO - Just Myths
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqVBHhtGjOE&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki - by Urbanky Aurel Petru  Music for relaxation, Ambiental,Futuristic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HunlUVMq5dM&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki - Don't watch this Film
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXgY4rI8lzc&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Anunnaki - Dont Watch this Film (1015419)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJJjOKmwl6s&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Anunnaki - Dont Watch this Film (1790440)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJJjOKmwl6s&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

Anunnaki - Dont Watch this Film (1934428)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJJjOKmwl6s&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Anunnaki - Dont Watch this Film
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJJjOKmwl6s&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Anunnaki - Font Crenelation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O23TEnmQ4l4&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki - The Battle For Middle Earth. Naughty Beaver
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29Ybm_HJpHY&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANUNNAKI = The Shining Ones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NXWil1lBlQ&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Abandoned Earth Thousands of Years Ago  Here Is Why
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mIGHVb36sc&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Among Us, Interview with Hybrid, Nephilim, Blood Anomalies & Evidence, Michael Lee Hill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYEcgOZdJTo&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

Anunnaki and Illuminati at War NOW
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2oNkR9i_0Y&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Anunnaki and the Handbag of the Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nv4w9V4W3Xk&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Anunnaki Anunnagi Peoples - Baffling Serpent Mythology Decoded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5iSw1DKM-M&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Anunnaki Ascension and the Spiritual Game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nha_eBbED-c&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANUNNAKI Coming Back. Ancient Technology The E.T. Connection (1581266)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXsdNiFac8w&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

ANUNNAKI Coming Back. Ancient Technology The E.T. Connection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXsdNiFac8w&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Anunnaki Communicate, Enki Speaks thru Huff Paranormal Spirit Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Y1-Fi52hUA&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

Anunnaki Council of Sumer and Kings of Kish  Newly Discovered Sumerian Dynasty of Lugal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIhnOi5qskk&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Did they come looking for gold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQpzifeqrlk&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

Anunnaki Documentary -The Full Story Of Their Presence In Our Societies Throughout History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ru023nYHCj4&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Anunnaki Documentary 2018 Are The Gods Still Here on Earth (1267577)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yi1tmAiazsY&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

Anunnaki Documentary 2018 Are The Gods Still Here on Earth (1465283)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yi1tmAiazsY&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Anunnaki Documentary 2018 Are The Gods Still Here on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yi1tmAiazsY&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

Anunnaki Elohim Ninurta Divine Black Bird. Chariot of the Anunnaki Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvmLVJ7Klnw&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Energy Technology & Our Freedom - Michael Tellinger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2bSvQxwcPQ&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Anunnaki Evidence (1423274)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcWLPRNECKo&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

Anunnaki Evidence (1816754)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcWLPRNECKo&list=PLauhh5JZ6KRrdejw87F10cOek4jHPJbgz

Anunnaki Evidence
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QcWLPRNECKo&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Anunnaki Found in Hindu Temple Ancient Aliens in India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84ct0y02Tc0&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

ANUNNAKI GOD KINGS  Ancient Royal Bloodline of Reptilian Beings..
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mp43zKlC62U&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Gods -THE BAAL OF PEOR- Serpent Demon Lords in the Bible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NKfsTYM7Eg&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Gods at War - Enki and Enlil (1206013)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0pHirXpn9U&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Anunnaki Gods at War - Enki and Enlil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0pHirXpn9U&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Gods in Babylonian Mythology, Sumerian Religion & Mesopotamian Magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bG71fVXMIB0&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Gods in Greek Mythology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9utEW6RZcE&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Gods of Ancient Americas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TiOcxOgaQw8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Gods of Ancient India (1214780)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FGsPXjLLFg&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Anunnaki Gods of Ancient India
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FGsPXjLLFg&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Anunnaki Gods of the Ancient Norse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqYFCGx87So&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Gods, Planet X Truth and the Sumerian Slaves !!! (EXPLAINED)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mUncSFtYPw&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Gods- Marduk the God of Hammurabi, Cyrus and the Israelites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIsx_tb-DFk&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Gold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hpw3HgNx9Mw&list=PLauhh5JZ6KRrdejw87F10cOek4jHPJbgz

Anunnaki History and Alien Gods Revealed with Gerald Clark (½)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05Fapng-3HA&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Anunnaki History, Alien Gods & Nibiru with Gerald Clark (22) (1708429)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5H7nuVcJs5w&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Anunnaki History, Alien Gods & Nibiru with Gerald Clark (22)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5H7nuVcJs5w&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki i Sumerowie - Naukowe Fakty
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHfy8MJ_glA&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANUNNAKI INVASION CLONES AND SATURN'S CUBE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUufe5vim-I&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

ANUNNAKI KINGS 2021  The Devil. War Of The Gods - Dragons & Serpents In The Bible.  Documentary (1725718)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YB_KvtHY5JM&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

ANUNNAKI KINGS 2021  The Devil. War Of The Gods - Dragons & Serpents In The Bible.  Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YB_KvtHY5JM&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

ANUNNAKI KINGS 333   Alien Bloodline of The Ancient Gods (1126844)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7x1pvnUOyA&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

ANUNNAKI KINGS 333   Alien Bloodline of The Ancient Gods (1152414)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7x1pvnUOyA&list=PLauhh5JZ6KRrdejw87F10cOek4jHPJbgz

ANUNNAKI KINGS 333   Alien Bloodline of The Ancient Gods (1202959)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7x1pvnUOyA&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

ANUNNAKI KINGS 333   Alien Bloodline of The Ancient Gods (1338097)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7x1pvnUOyA&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

ANUNNAKI KINGS 333   Alien Bloodline of The Ancient Gods (1447241)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7x1pvnUOyA&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

ANUNNAKI KINGS 333   Alien Bloodline of The Ancient Gods (1868390)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7x1pvnUOyA&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

ANUNNAKI KINGS 333   Alien Bloodline of The Ancient Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7x1pvnUOyA&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

ANUNNAKI KINGS 333  Alien Bloodline of The Ancient Gods - Part 2 (1084049)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pro5Bmj9JJ8&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

ANUNNAKI KINGS 333  Alien Bloodline of The Ancient Gods - Part 2 (1415682)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pro5Bmj9JJ8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANUNNAKI KINGS 333  Alien Bloodline of The Ancient Gods - Part 2 (1615444)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pro5Bmj9JJ8&list=PLauhh5JZ6KRrdejw87F10cOek4jHPJbgz

ANUNNAKI KINGS 333  Alien Bloodline of The Ancient Gods - Part 2 (1967049)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pro5Bmj9JJ8&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

ANUNNAKI KINGS 333  Alien Bloodline of The Ancient Gods - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pro5Bmj9JJ8&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Anunnaki Manipulation, Nephilim & The Giants From Inner Earth, Shambhala, Sheldon Moore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qMe0N2CKKc&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Message Published In UFO Magazine in 1958
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSkUL0bcCOk&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Anunnaki Mythology of the Gods or Aliens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwHgM452lUM&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Origin - True Ancestors of Humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lG21b-E1_k&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Prayer To The Gods For Deeper Understanding & Awareness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_HfwklUPvM&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANUNNAKI PRINCE MARDUK FROM NIBIRU RULED US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBOpPx6G4xM&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Anunnaki Prison Planet  Archon Earth's  Pleiadian Light Codes Channeling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9iXBahCLdJg&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki Sumerian Tablets Documentary  Akhenaten, Enki & Gilgamesh Links Astonish History Experts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq03Yc9ZUgg&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

ANUNNAKi THE LOST BOOK OF ENKi ( NiBiRU War )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-dyYJDiU3s&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANUNNAKI the ROOT to beLIEf, the MISSING LINK to ALL reLIEgion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBC4Zo30Nhg&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki The Seeds of Re-Civilization (1294192)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0rk2GwKlRE&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

Anunnaki The Seeds of Re-Civilization (1482645)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0rk2GwKlRE&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

Anunnaki The Seeds of Re-Civilization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0rk2GwKlRE&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

Anunnaki The Truth [2011] 13
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwCbQk3QobU&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Anunnaki The Truth [2011] 23
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zij6UaL72V4&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Anunnaki The Truth [2011] 33
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TezTcQzvGH0&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

ANUNNAKI VS ARCHONS(REPTILIANS) PT2, ANCIENT CIVILIZATIONS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1a96wRI0t4&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki vs Pleiadians 2  The Amarna TabletsLetters  Deuteronomy ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhdkXi05DTE&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ANUNNAKI VS RUSSIA AND UFOS CAUGHT ON CAMERA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RZ0vNYgQc8&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

Anunnaki, Nibiru, Sumeria, Clay Tablets,Gods, Demons, Deities REAL INFORMATION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBlibOuT9h0&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki, Nibiruans and The Birth of Jesus (1497091)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfIywwJi4rs&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

Anunnaki, Nibiruans and The Birth of Jesus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfIywwJi4rs&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Anunnaki,Enki,Enlil,Yahweh,Jesus,Lucifer,Marduk,Bloodlines,Gerald,Clark,2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wzwkOrXzMw&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Archangels, The Watchers and the Annunaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YT5KOygq658&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Are the Gods and Angels of the Bible REALLY Extraterrestrial Beings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5lVPUDRCN4&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Are The Gods Really Aliens Who Visited Earth In Ancient Times  Codes & Conspiracies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ux7LSzwPUxE&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ARK Annunaki - FEAR THE REAPER WYVERN! ?? YOU CAN SUMMON GOD! (56) - Ark Survival Evolved
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knGPXZfs8Co&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

As Above So Below International version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zC890IkoUL4&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Astrology & the Secrets In The Stars  Ancient Mysteries (S3, E28)  Full Documentary  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ph3HCXtuCQw&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ATTENTION - SCHOLARS removed LORD ENKI  from bible  - This will ROCK the CHRISTIAN WORLD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLY-kREGwno&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Awesome Documentary 2017 GILGAMESH HISTORY  ANCIENT Mesopotamia SUMERIANS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOCaDpQ-IaM&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Baffling Ancient America Discoveries  Mysterious Ruins, Huge Mounds and Lost Civilizations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yetwTLHmRq8&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

Barbara Marciniak- The  Pleiadians -Annuaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdLYXNTr-MM&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Battle of the AnunnakiPleiadian gods !!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6E0j1tTCIzw&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Battle of the AnunnakiPleiadian Gods - Audiobook - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL_zFBFfsQ8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Battle of the AnunnakiPleiadian Gods - Audiobook - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4fvcNEntyM&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Battle of the AnunnakiPleiadian Gods by Andrew Sinclair - (AUDIOBOOK) (1829650)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCMoFK8llDI&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

Battle of the AnunnakiPleiadian Gods by Andrew Sinclair - (AUDIOBOOK)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCMoFK8llDI&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Biblical Anunnaki Missing Story of LilithIshtar Adam's First Wife Before Eve!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8vk9Jh3jio&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

BLOOD PRINTS OF THE GODS The Human Bloodline of the Anunnaki HistoryDiscovery Channel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SquruSgrEDI&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Book Of Enoch -  R. H.  Charles (Epic Audio Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsKwNspC2QE&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Book of Enoch Audiobook ?? Banned End Times Prophecy Truth of Anunnaki Nephilim ?? Angels & Demons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrSK0cd3it0&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Book of Enoch P.1  The Anunnaki - Watchers and the Nephilim  Ancient Aliens Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7hlBU7WbRc&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Book of Enoch REAL STORY of Fallen Angels, Devils & Man (NEPHILIM, ANCIENT ALIENS, NOAHS FLOOD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZGN6EKjvAo&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Book of Enoch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qw8HhTnot0w&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

CANCER - JUNE JULY 2021 THIS IS NOT OVER FOR THEM, THEY'RE UNABLE TO LET YOU GO??? TAROT READING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IGVhorsc9o&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Channeling  Elijah About Emotions ? Analil (Anunnaki) ? Grindal (Reptilian) June 13, 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cE4RfQKU0L4&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Chariots Of The Gods  The Mysteries Continued - Full Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5VMtJp996c&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Chief of the Archons - Yaldabaoth - Lucifer Connections - DNA Manipulation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StMbZk_wrZk&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

China & India's Most Incredible Ancient Anomalies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMpuSMCt23U&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Chronicles of Anunnaki & Manipulation of Mankind, Billy Carson (1953142)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nHNxWqACdw&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Chronicles of Anunnaki & Manipulation of Mankind, Billy Carson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nHNxWqACdw&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

CIA Project Stargate & Other Declassified Secrets - How Successful Were They
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDf7OUKpyvs&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Click Link to Edited Video in DESCRIPTION Box below, thanks !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56vFMv2h1LI&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

Complete History of the Anunnaki & Pleiadian Gods (1061431)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYeRlgVpqdI&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

Complete History of the Anunnaki & Pleiadian Gods (1237285)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYeRlgVpqdI&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Complete History of the Anunnaki & Pleiadian Gods (UPDATED) (1060699)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opkOLd6oSq0&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

Complete History of the Anunnaki & Pleiadian Gods (UPDATED) (1386058)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opkOLd6oSq0&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Complete History of the Anunnaki & Pleiadian Gods (UPDATED)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opkOLd6oSq0&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Complete History of the Anunnaki & Pleiadian Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYeRlgVpqdI&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Complete History of the AnunnakiPleiadian Gods !!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=990-AhewIFQ&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Contact with Spiritual Entities  Pleiadians, Anunnaki, and Demonics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ct5Ku8tQfE&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Cosmic Journeys - Interstellar Flight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQdRrhDMXnY&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Creation of the Anunnaki Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Tou4VAL0-k&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Crop Circles Contain Blueprints for Free Energy Devices Alien Message
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4fIaT89R-w&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Dead Sea Scrolls, Book of Giants & Book of Enoch - Analysis. Watchers & 450' Tall Nephilim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5SsiX3iPigY&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

DEAN HENDERSON ~  The Crown Of The Nephilim - Anunnaki & The Crown Agents [Age Of Truth TV]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXCSqiy8s6w&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Deciphering The Truth Behind The Watchers-Nephalim-Gods-Annunaki-Shining Ones And Their Return
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alZT8nEKX5g&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Deepest Mystery Uncovered Anunnaki, Nephilim, Bloodlines in the Bible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpVeiIkAHDI&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Descendants of God Anu.. The Most Convoluted History of Sumerian Gods Evert Told - Full Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LCuFRjb3rQ&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

Did The Anunnaki Build The Pyramids of Giza Thoth=Ningishzidda (1328217)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbQgRI6YTow&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

Did The Anunnaki Build The Pyramids of Giza Thoth=Ningishzidda (1578742)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbQgRI6YTow&list=PLauhh5JZ6KRrdejw87F10cOek4jHPJbgz

Did The Anunnaki Build The Pyramids of Giza Thoth=Ningishzidda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbQgRI6YTow&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

DISCOVERY Anunnaki  Nephilim King FOUND  INTACT in TOMB - Giant Skeleton Retrieved for DNA GENOMES.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8mCRgKEz10&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Do the Past and Future Exist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EagNUvNfsUI&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

DOT  Who are the Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYul0iyZJ3A&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

DOT Episode 1 The Anunnaki of Nibiru, A Consciousness War with Special Guests
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2V4IOj5WT0Y&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

DOT Episode 9 Anunnaki Genesis, the Apocalypse, and the Creator of All's Hologram
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAO9CedbpZ8&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Download DNA of the Gods The Anunnaki Creation of Eve and the Alien Battle for Humanity Eb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDWyo6eOJtM&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Earthside from Return Of The Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3v1_vucUQE&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Ego Death, Enlightenment, Source Consciousness, and Alien Encounters with Sean Webb  Astral Mind #8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCwV0-if8bQ&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Egypt IS Named After Anunnaki EnkiPtah. Story of MardukRa NingishziddaThoth.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNn4FL-oAxs&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Egypt The Book of Thoth - Secret Teachings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KK9q0Okdx00&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Elon Musk's Question to AI What's Outside The Simulation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lK0q812bAK0&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Engineering of Humans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOi8Bn2q1N0&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

ENGINEERS ANUNNAKI THEORY EXPLAINED PARADISE HIGHER BEINGS ALIEN COVENANT PROMETHEUS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ64SUmN08Q&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

ENKI & ENLIL ARE NOT OF OUR SKY FAMILY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3djbVkb5a8&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

ENKI & ENLIL, BLACK MAGIC CHRISTIANS AND WHY YOU ARE SLAVES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78-APglcoHk&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Enki and Enlil (1282227)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_2DnUbxRFo&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Enki and Enlil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_2DnUbxRFo&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Enki the Anunnaki god of the Abyss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7l2xxdCudw&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Enki the Beast of the Ark - Anunnaki gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlai4X-tPBs&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Enki's Luciferian Agenda, explained by Robert Stanley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWnSSTzuG3Q&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Enki's Realm of the Abzu So Peculiar Sumerian Scholars Are Left Astonished by Awe & Admiration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2D-N2-5pjE&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Enki, Enlil, Elohim, Anunnaki - WHO ARE THEY Taygetan Pleiadian Extraterrestrial Direct Contact
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47O-LFcBkrQ&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Enki,Enlil,Thoth,Anunnaki,Archons,Reptilians,Serpent's,Illuminati,Nag Hammadi,Gerald Clark (1080099)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7N-LpA9rmw&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Enki,Enlil,Thoth,Anunnaki,Archons,Reptilians,Serpent's,Illuminati,Nag Hammadi,Gerald Clark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7N-LpA9rmw&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Enlil ( Anunnaki ) - Mesopotamian God of Wind, Storm and Breath  Sumerian God Mythology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRB7xNtKKMY&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Enlil Ancient Alien, The Biblical God & Anunnaki Connection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEEXAHKIvUc&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Enlil The God of Wind, Air and Earth (Mesopotamian Mythology Explained)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zM5spR5eAao&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

ENLIL VS ENKI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CKXOe7nz2S0&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Enoch The Ancient Being who Built the Pyramids of Giza
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MbAoH3pId0&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Enoch, Great Pyramid of Egypt, and the Anunnaki Civilization Saga Just Myths (1191866)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yj7pM28Yuyo&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

Enoch, Great Pyramid of Egypt, and the Anunnaki Civilization Saga Just Myths
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yj7pM28Yuyo&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Episode - 050 - Gerald Clark - The Annunaki of Nibiru
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYh8ha0BkBs&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Ereshkigal ( Anunnaki)  Mesopotamian Goddess of the Underworld  Sumerian God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQ-To_idtN8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Erich von Daniken Brilliant Chariots of the Gods 50th Anniversary Presentation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0T1_3fNVhY&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

ET ORIGINS  SECRETS OF THE STAR PEOPLE - The Movie - Tribal Elders Speak Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bqj4-DE1EIQ&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Everything You Know Is Wrong Lloyd Pye - Human Origins, Anunnaki, Evolution
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnRrGKYpnI4&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Expert Decodes Babylonian Clay Tablets and Immediatly Leaves Historians Speechless
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_SJYu8HvJQ&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Extraterrestrial History The Anunnaki Pantheon Return - Season Finale
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NonvquKeVMA&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Five Finger Death Punch - Under and Over It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wa4BNXoILsg&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Forbidden Archaeology Documentary 2018 Ancient Ruins That Defy Mainstream History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XOhWfc6ssjI&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Forbidden History, Enoch, Anunnaki, The Watchers, Yeshua, Lost Books of The Bible - Jim Willis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsYi1Se7dlA&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Forbidden HistoryAnunnaki GodsNibiru's Return with Matthew Lacroix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BpU5ZZZwVU&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Gates of the gods- Underground Secrets w Timothy Alberino & David Carrico
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_Ac_8DvMfQ&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Gerald Clark and Vatican Expert Confirm Anunnaki as Man's Genetic Creators!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZ3lCg3cQn4&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Gerald Clark Evidence that the Anunnaki were on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZjlNPycyysw&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Gerald Clark Geneaology of the Gods - Return of Nibiru & The Anunnaki (1059915)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8bS-4UkvDQ&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Gerald Clark Geneaology of the Gods - Return of Nibiru & The Anunnaki (1333774)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8bS-4UkvDQ&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Gerald Clark Geneaology of the Gods - Return of Nibiru & The Anunnaki (1744045)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8bS-4UkvDQ&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Gerald Clark Geneaology of the Gods - Return of Nibiru & The Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUz8fSS4z1U&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Giants, Bird People & Anunnaki Gods Manipulating Wars - Highly Suppressed Tablets Translated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeTzOQv5SFQ&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Giorgio Tsoukalos (10-19-10) Gods or Ancient Aliens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frRcD7rlvUA&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Gobekli Tepe Carving Reveals Cataclysmic Event 10,000 BC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMgEDFiW6-4&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

God Enki and Goddess Ninmah kept their deformed creations! They kept them!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAYtUnrkou0&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Graham Hancock - Fingerprints of the Gods - Full length presentation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wJw1DcI2e4&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Graham Hancock - Magicians of the Gods - HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VmAIPwNw1nM&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Graham Hancock Magicians of the Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5AIadIRPf0&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Graham Hancock War God - Nights of the Witch FULL LECTURE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgIQd8rPCF4&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

he is telling the truth  I am  that I am Anunnaki .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1blk0_GvT8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Heaven  The Anunnaki Return
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZONxfCpt-4A&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Here I Am To Worship  The Call - Hillsong Worship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6CKCThJB5w0&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

Highly Bizarre Ancient Ruins of Asia That Baffle the Brightest Minds into Pure Awe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wthNxJAdKYQ&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

Historic Timeline Based on Historic Sites & Artefacts Instead of Blind Belief in the Quakademia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nvJSlgi3SU&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

History Fact or Fiction - Anunnaki Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCjQENYSxKQ&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

How much does it REALLY cost to sail around the world - Ep.51
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TDSDDU-5lg&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

Human Creation Story They DON'T Want You To Know Anunnaki Gods (1286437)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3rqM-w2rMY&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

Human Creation Story They DON'T Want You To Know Anunnaki Gods (1486354)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3rqM-w2rMY&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Human Creation Story They DON'T Want You To Know Anunnaki Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3rqM-w2rMY&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

I AM GOD Anunnaki 7 Gods; Enki 7th Tablet; Gods Sacred # 7 of Creation in Bible and Earth!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-d9kJOz4ek&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

I AM GOD Bible Anunnaki Inanna Ishtar Esther Statue of Liberty Venus Wonder Woman Isis Mary Jesus!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhfmgHl5cBI&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

I AM GOD Biblical Proof of Anunnaki Anu Enlil Enki Jesus Christ!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URCKHdUqYsA&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

I AM GOD Enki DNA Serpent of Life & Wisdom!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JePUiG9_c7A&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

I AM GOD The Serpent and Eagle Anunnaki Bloodline to Christ!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiF73FkSOv4&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Inanna ( Anunnaki) - Mesopotamian Goddess of Fertility, Love and war  Sumerian Mythology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VRFREymIRc&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

India Built A Powerful Aircraft The World Is Afraid Of
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Se1BJExhJkc&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Inside the Ring of Fire  How the Earth Was Made (S2, E7)  Full Documentary  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n18m2BdyIEY&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Interstellar Highway System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZevUW__aMZE&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Interview with The Annunaki, Part One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkhunSnPEZU&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Ishtar the Great Mother of the Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ49_uiEtoc&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Jericho - The First City on Earth  Ancient History Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BrhZBMOS8U&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

KNOCKED OUT OF ORBIT (#8)  Doomsday 10 Ways the World Will End  Full Episode (S1, E8)  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxI9BH8kD88&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Large sunken islands, ancient gods, Technology of the gods and sacred artifacts.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvbL4Jvz56A&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Learn How to Sail A Step-by-Step Guide to SAILING
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjBYRUZbU4Y&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

Les Anunnaki, les Sumériens et l'Homme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D917a_2Qfbg&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Life After People The Last Humans Left on Earth (S1, E1)  Full Episode  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r8bkbhyyQjE&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Lost Ancient Cities of the Anunnaki Sumerians DISCOVERED after 6300YRS 2 MILES DEEP  3 HR BOXSET (1504653)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ow3zjZOzVfE&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

Lost Ancient Cities of the Anunnaki Sumerians DISCOVERED after 6300YRS 2 MILES DEEP  3 HR BOXSET
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ow3zjZOzVfE&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

Lost Book of Enki - The Anunnaki Movie - Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LareLYGhDys&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Lost City of Ancient Providence Discovered in Jungle That Rocks the Core of Academia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lb0Lwrl6r9U&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

Lost Story of Mankind - Eridu, Atlantis & The Anunnaki - Matthew LaCroix and Jeffery Wilson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-OQ85-VRes&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Low-Tech Spacefaring Civilizations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEV5r8jdBvQ&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Malagueña - Flamenco Guitar - Ben Woods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I3jWsoQ8W8g&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

Mantis,Reptilians,Archons,Anunnaki,Greys,Connected,Contactee,Lynn Williams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MuaE2MmHt_I&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Mar 24, 2021 - Two brothers taken into UFO craft
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeqFgYitKks&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

Marduk, Anunnaki King of Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60taJzoWgNk&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Michael Moore Presents Planet of the Humans  Full Documentary  Directed by Jeff Gibbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zk11vI-7czE&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Michael Tellinger - The Anunnaki, Ancient Giants & Human Origins. Exclusive Interview by Paul Wallis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEUztnvfgAs&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Milab, Anunnaki, Voodoo and the Time Loop - Max Spiers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5TSm2mWlbo&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Mirage Men
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srtrRbt77AE&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Missing Links  The Anunnaki Intervention  Full Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONIl0imHgB8&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

Modern Marvels STUNNING SPACE DISCOVERIES (S4, E11)  Full Episode  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RuRGzgIOM2Q&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Monster BLACK HOLE  Full Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzWTyufdkug&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

More Forbidden Archeology   What are they doing with all these artifacts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwYjxwCGiF8&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Mysteries of Alien Technology Vastly Superior Stone Architect left by  the ANUNNAKI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMik4plKYwE&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Mysterious Ancient Technology - Ancient Astronauts and the Annunaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPLZgBzFjpo&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Mysterious Norse Gods And The Anunnaki Connection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLrVqGEZkOs&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Naked Science - Atlantis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FqauNqFwt5I&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

Naked Science - Moon Mysteries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tqgWuSIZUg&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Names of BIBLE GODS and their ANUNNAKI Origin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87I2P0iiSlI&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Nephilim Anunnaki and the Sumerian giant skeletons
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FC8wWsBKc88&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Nephilim Bloodlines and the Truth of Our Origins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3GmMgF3TsY&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

NEPHILIM Explained Who Were They Angels and Demons 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cllbWaIF5M&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

Nephilim TRUE STORY of Satan, Fallen Angels, Giants, Aliens, Hybrids, Elongated Skulls & Nephilim (1665666)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zz8_MxcnzY&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Nephilim TRUE STORY of Satan, Fallen Angels, Giants, Aliens, Hybrids, Elongated Skulls & Nephilim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zz8_MxcnzY&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Nergal Son of the Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNqwDN8ZVjU&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Netanyahu at War (full film)  FRONTLINE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7W-xxpXzAC0&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

New Divide [Official Live in Red Square 2011] - Linkin Park
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGedjDnQ9cw&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

New Information About the Anunnaki, Who, What & Where Are They Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTEXQwaVUl0&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

New Sumerian tablets Discovered, Earth Was Ruled By 8 Kings That Came From Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8Rzqc5qN5E&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

New Theory On ET Disclosure, Anunnaki & The Illuminated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLKke2ouoAU&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

ODDEST Puzzling Ancient Egyptian Gods That We Are Still STRUGGLING To Figure Out Today (1125338)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YYCcnt1i0k&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

ODDEST Puzzling Ancient Egyptian Gods That We Are Still STRUGGLING To Figure Out Today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YYCcnt1i0k&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

One Thing - Hillsong Worship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJmb5h7YR84&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

Origins of the Holy Bible, Anunnaki Gods & Flood Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0UyIEj-gss&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Outlaw Chronicles Hells Angels At War (Season 1, Episode 4)  Full Episode  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InRiaHN-rnE&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Outward Bound Colonizing Alpha Centauri
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkeLIAd2Nd0&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Pentagon Secret The Anunnaki Are Returning (1027237)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvEcyhn3yJU&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Pentagon Secret The Anunnaki Are Returning (1041127)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvEcyhn3yJU&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

Pentagon Secret The Anunnaki Are Returning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvEcyhn3yJU&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Planet X Nibiru, The Annunaki - All you need to know
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7V9GsxgFNxw&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Planet X, Nemesis System is closer than we think.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZIHBEg4p454&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Plato Describes Atlantis  First Mention of the Island  360 BC 'Critias'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkIfNcBmeJ0&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

Pyramids Are Not What You Think They Are Underground Halls Beneath Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtufUVQRzt0&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Quantum Biology The Hidden Nature of Nature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADiql3FG5is&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

QUETZAL AND SOME TEARS!, ARK MODDED ANNUNAKI! - Ark Survival Evolved - Modded - Part 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UG8dVCmUMRQ&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

Return of The Anunnaki!!! The Gods Are Back!!! The Sleeping Giants Are Awake!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ue7SaKir3I0&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Return of the Gods  Ancient Aliens Documentary with Erich Von Daniken
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rUJcB0oKs0&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Return Of The Gods-Annunaki-Ancient & Shining OnesNibiruBook Of EnochRagnarok
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_MiHwZFzzE&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Revealing The His-Story Of EarthNephalimRephaimAnnunakiIgigiGodsFallen AngelsSons Of God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p66YRYACAps&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Rise of the City How the great god Marduk built the city of Babylon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ep936ropKlc&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

Russian Special Services Apprehend Anunnaki in Crimea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7VwVY7PLN4&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

Sailing from New Zealand to Fiji  Back to the Tropics  Sailing the Pacific Episode 33
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6BvXHE67_sE&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

Secrets Of Ancient Technology That Will Blow Your Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SCxiGUTV7iM&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Secrets of the Ancients - Eagle, Serpent, Pinecone, Handbag, Anunnaki - Matthew LaCroix, Rex Bear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzyqhX2n3_g&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Secrets of The Annunaki - Billy Carson on TJBS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9uTmlUPUi4&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Shocking Evidence of Reincarnation  Ancient Mysteries (S5, E7)  Full Episode  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svGSuFowpHY&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

Shout To The Lord - Hillsong Worship
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_aIauL2xKA&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

Sirians~How Federation Stopped NibiruEarth Collision in 2012 & Anunnaki War & Open Mind (2021)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDffH_ksYJA&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Space Exploration The Age of Hubble  Free Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgC4C4VHhWY&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

Spiritual Guides,& Unraveling Of The Forth Mystery Wave Of The Anunnaki Principle Of Self Discovery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6cy7WIvX6s&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

STUNNING 4K HI-RES ANTARCTICA METRO COMPLEX REVEALED THROUGH SUBGLACIAL ANALYSIS(!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdaUuqxkxBY&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Sumerian Ancient History So Surprising to Scholars They Are Baffled to the Odd Translation of Wisdom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgBqPWdOvhk&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

Sumerian Thawnthu   Anunnaki Pathian te
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ddl0Wi7AdSo&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Sydney 7s 2020 Final-Fiji vs South Africa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xigyiLFar-M&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

The #Annunaki from #Nibiru are Archangels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0M-_BeinZk&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Ancient Alien Tomb Cover-Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8l91ebYQQMo&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Ancient Ones DOCUMENTARY [8 Hour BOXSET]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z5P1mFgV3ls&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

The Annunaki and the Origins of Humankind with  Michael Tellinger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VAVYaRwrgg&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Annunaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZI4NJtat9MA&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

THE ANUNNAKI - The Sumerian Creation Story - The Igigi -  Ancient Astronaut Archives
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lcUwxpVdNk&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki - who are they Aliens or gods! Humanity creators! Nibiru where are you The Sumerians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Tquf60_tz0&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki and the Story of Adapa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-DVyKZjYa8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Are Here! The Secrets of the Gold Miners of Nibiru w Marshall Klarfeld
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rc35hO6DvFk&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Are Returning To Earth  Spiritual Awakening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJQ5GcG3jR0&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Connection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QIga9wzW0c&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Creation Story The Biggest Secret in Human History - Nibiru is Coming (1109503)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfl4ZaiucpQ&list=PLauhh5JZ6KRrdejw87F10cOek4jHPJbgz

The Anunnaki Creation Story The Biggest Secret in Human History - Nibiru is Coming (1134291)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfl4ZaiucpQ&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Creation Story The Biggest Secret in Human History - Nibiru is Coming (1231541)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfl4ZaiucpQ&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

The Anunnaki Creation Story The Biggest Secret in Human History - Nibiru is Coming (1260198)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfl4ZaiucpQ&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

The Anunnaki Creation Story The Biggest Secret in Human History - Nibiru is Coming (1330119)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfl4ZaiucpQ&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

The Anunnaki Creation Story The Biggest Secret in Human History - Nibiru is Coming (1395380)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfl4ZaiucpQ&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Anunnaki Creation Story The Biggest Secret in Human History - Nibiru is Coming (1767196)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfl4ZaiucpQ&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

The Anunnaki Creation Story The Biggest Secret in Human History - Nibiru is Coming (1996632)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfl4ZaiucpQ&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

The Anunnaki Creation Story The Biggest Secret in Human History - Nibiru is Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dfl4ZaiucpQ&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

The Anunnaki Creation Story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-mHeZRfQ-E&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Demon Anzu - Sumerian Mythology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKWi0f3bKX8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Enki and Enlil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=st0NDu3glVY&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki gods Enlil and Enki Great FloodDeluge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwofNEtI5f8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

THE ANUNNAKI GODS OF THE ANCIENTS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-g1jgJFViU&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki gods or fallen angels in the bible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EN4m7xaR8aI&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Gods The Astronaut Gods of the Sumerians - Sumerian Mythology - See U in History (1388880)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uM9wnNqt-A&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

The Anunnaki Gods The Astronaut Gods of the Sumerians - Sumerian Mythology - See U in History (1894701)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uM9wnNqt-A&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

The Anunnaki Gods The Astronaut Gods of the Sumerians - Sumerian Mythology - See U in History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uM9wnNqt-A&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

The Anunnaki in the Bible - The Watchers, Nephilim, The Book of Enoch.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8gJ6uzSUj8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Movie ~ The Mysterious Origins of Humanity (1862174)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPYvUJsxHAw&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

The Anunnaki Movie ~ The Mysterious Origins of Humanity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPYvUJsxHAw&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Anunnaki Return
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfRMf2OFON8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Secret Mission On Earth - whatweknow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwac-KGbI0w&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Series S01E01 Who Are the Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1SHvEc9pdys&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Sumerians Are Now Fully Understood As Academics Breakthrough with Huge Flood Discovery (1438909)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jM4XZykIiGs&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

The Anunnaki Sumerians Are Now Fully Understood As Academics Breakthrough with Huge Flood Discovery (1694587)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jM4XZykIiGs&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

The Anunnaki Sumerians Are Now Fully Understood As Academics Breakthrough with Huge Flood Discovery (1748667)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jM4XZykIiGs&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

The Anunnaki Sumerians Are Now Fully Understood As Academics Breakthrough with Huge Flood Discovery (1829681)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jM4XZykIiGs&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

The Anunnaki Sumerians Are Now Fully Understood As Academics Breakthrough with Huge Flood Discovery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jM4XZykIiGs&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

The Anunnaki The Origin, part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkhJnZTKU3Q&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki Were On Earth, The Physical Evidence Can Be Found Everywhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvCjju65mUs&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

The Anunnaki, Sumerian Gods Or Ancient Astronauts From Nibiru Could Zecharia Sitchin Be Right
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0MPKtOjqc0&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnaki, the Elohim and the God(s) of the Old Bible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vykh3bpzx8I&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Anunnakis Ancient Plan to Harvest Humans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vlLQSPzh-DU&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

The Battle for Earth & Your Soul - Enki vs Enlil - Eagle vs Serpent - History Altered (1941040)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMMYsJbs5a8&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Battle for Earth & Your Soul - Enki vs Enlil - Eagle vs Serpent - History Altered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfnKfHvb_dQ&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

The Best Guide To The Anunnaki - OOWK MEDIA (1901642)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plydeHFF7n4&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

The Best Guide To The Anunnaki - OOWK MEDIA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=plydeHFF7n4&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Biblical Beings Are NOT What You Think They Are Ancient Astronauts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQwhC3jWigk&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

The Biggest Eruptions In Our Solar System (Full Astronomy Documentary)  Spark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVNRChcQJaE&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

The Birth of the Anunnaki Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SumCGhvRM8M&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Book of Enoch Explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsVQnspOkkY&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Buried Mysteries Of Angkor Wat  The City Of God Kings  Timeline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsDGDzwuQ-I&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

The Celts - BBC Series, Episode 1 - In the Beginning - Full Episode
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AU1dKfMIEUQ&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

THE CHOSEN ONES ARE AWAKENING FROM THE MATRIX???????? (SPIRITUAL) (STARSEEDS)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGZS_vyYjyM&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Crown, Nephilim, Secret Societies, Ancient Blood Lines, Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvSNDbQ1iGk&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Draco Reptilian Anunnaki Beings  Pleiadian Spirituality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtWcoaI1OFs&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Epic of Gilgamesh (Full story)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5x3iE0-RhWM&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Evil Wind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQtAcB99qBY&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

The Fall of the Anunnaki at Lagash  Puzzling Questions on Sumerian Origins May Be Answered Finally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0eVArKtsV8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Founders Leah - Male Female Relationships (Sal Rachele)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iKBRemI_Rbo&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Gigantic Megaliths of Ural Mountains in Russia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAFX_5fAEbc&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Gods of Antiquity  The Eridu Genesis and Enki (Annunaki)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DaG--g_e7E&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Grand Canyon Explained  How the Earth Was Made (S2, E1)  Full Documentary  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaxaE7tcwu4&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

The Hidden Truth about Extraterrestrials 2020 Anunnaki, Nibiru, Reptilians and MORE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_fzmTCMceQ&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Hidden Truth of RH- Alien+Human Bloodline Revealed Annunaki UFO Abduction & Oneness (2021)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_BtJLg-hQ6M&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Lemurian Race By Rudolf Steiner
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bcQJC7xiBk&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Light of Lucifer and Seed of Seth - ROBERT SEPEHR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IL6p78GoZoQ&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

The Lost Ancient Humans of Antarctica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBF0hP2_nGw&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

The Lost City Of Atlantis  Full Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjSUcTYGuC0&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

The Man Who Met Enki Reveals the Sumerian God is Actually Lucifer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPVbYp3nOI0&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

The Meg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6nQn6RjK_8&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

The Nephilim Giants Enoch - This Secret Book Was So Controversial, It Was Literally Buried!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gu_Okyq6YGk&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

THE NEPHILIM-Full Documentary (1026223)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6j2K9tOBXQ&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

THE NEPHILIM-Full Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6j2K9tOBXQ&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Origin Of The Universe Just Got WAY Weirder  Answers With Joe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__0Y5SyEVUI&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

THE REAL HISTORY OF EARTH - 450 000 YEARS - LOST -- EXPLAINED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xt3cmlp5naM&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Reality of Boat Ownership -  Sailing the Pacific Episode 30
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HLAjnRWFxQ&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

THE RETURN OF THE ANNUNAKI ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho5L_5hOlvg&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Revelation Of The Pyramids (Documentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2fS9ixfQ_no&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

THE ROOT RACES OF MANKIND
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvS6jELAosM&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Secret History of the Anunnaki and Their Mission on Earth w Michael Tellinger (1333164)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyfAfCBmOqI&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Secret History of the Anunnaki and Their Mission on Earth w Michael Tellinger (1960286)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyfAfCBmOqI&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Secret History of the Anunnaki and Their Mission on Earth w Michael Tellinger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VyfAfCBmOqI&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

The Secret History of the Gods w Erich von Däniken, Michael Tellinger, Scotty Roberts +  1080HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4x08xQ8x2M&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Seven Densities of Consciousness  Law Of One 001
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seaJcY0kXjk&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Spider's Web Britain's Second Empire (Documentary)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=np_ylvc8Zj8&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

The Star of the Anunnaki gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8O3q9-09PRc&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Sumerian Abzu - The Hidden god of the Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgZNuQscUws&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Sumerian Epic (Part 4) ~ Enter the Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHd11qjo0TQ&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

The Sumerians...They Didn't Mention THIS in School - Lost Ancient Civilization & Sumerian Tablets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zXNLAFAg_I&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Suppressed Secrets Of The Sumerians and The Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frfju59y2IA&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The True History of the Anunnaki; Explains Why they came to Earth and What they were after (1986073)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHpZXrEcf58&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The True History of the Anunnaki; Explains Why they came to Earth and What they were after
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHpZXrEcf58&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The True Story of the Anunnaki Gods The Anunnaki Bible
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlWJ5fo7dy8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Truth About Megalithic Structures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YNNkVzumhA&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

The Truth About the Anunnaki. Kaleidoscope of Facts 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bA6MprZUWs&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Truth About The Lost Book Of Enki, Anunnaki, Aliens, Sumerians, The Great Flood & Nibiru????????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ki9m-kiFRiw&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

THE TRUTH aboutTHE LOST BOOK of ENKI - The SUMERIAN TABLETS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utae4fGwa2M&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

The Truth of History Forgotten. Ancient Anunnaki Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IO6a9C2nuaw&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth so  help me Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nh_4pIOIII&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Ultimate Guide To AnunnakiPleiadian Gods (1563663)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weUonSGjPQ8&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

The Ultimate Guide To AnunnakiPleiadian Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weUonSGjPQ8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Universe Ancient Mysteries Solved Countless Alien Worlds (S2, E4)  Full Episode  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJ37zbGh3Dg&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

The Universe Ancient Mysteries Solved Predicting the Future - Full Episode (S2, E5)  History
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkUL4okuvRg&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

The Vengeance of the Archangels  (Book of Enoch Explained) [Chapters 9-11]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qti2OtJteE&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Voynich Code - The Worlds Most Mysterious Manuscript - The Secrets of Nature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awGN5NApDy4&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

The Watchers Alien Benefactors, Terrarium Earth, Fallen Gods, Annunaki DNA, Nephilim, Demi God Kings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIpjBTsjQpE&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

The Watchers The Angels Who Betrayed God [Book of Enoch] (Angels & Demons Explained)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MQ4jeFxfUM&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Theory of Everything GOD, Devils, Dimensions, Dragons, Illusion & Reality -the Theory of Everything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtBz1roiQR8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

There Is Physical Evidence That The Anunnaki Visited This Earth Many Times
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pDqBGx_U_T8&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

They Are Coming And Everyone Will See Them
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcBpGxFZ4d4&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

They Found It!... Human DNA Was Designed by Ancient Aliens -  Scientists Report
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjZpIJF5-pM&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Third Eye Pineal Gland The Biggest Cover-Up in Human History - Redone Real Narration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-JgeyMWZCw&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

This Book of Enoch Banned from The Bible Reveals Shocking Secrets Of Our History!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcHA7u6X9pM&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

This Prometheus Theory Will Blow You Away  Fan Theory  In Theory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzPBeKmJ94Y&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

THOTH's PROPHECY read from the Hermetic Texts by Graham Hancock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvzZ56ZbWy8&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

TIMELAPSE OF THE FUTURE A Journey to the End of Time (4K)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uD4izuDMUQA&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Timeline of the Anunnaki on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WLMryAjZdw&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

TOP GUN 2 MAVERICK  8 Minute Trailers (4K ULTRA HD) NEW 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gNtJ4HdMavo&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

TYPES OF BORDERLINE PERSONALITY DISORDER (BPD)  12 SUBTYPES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_B85X7aoLk&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

UFO Sighting News  The Ancient Anunnaki Gods Are Coming Back - Pentagon Leak in Epic Interview ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7mffFSviqAU&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

UFOs, Government Black Ops, and the Annunaki with Dr. Sean David Morton (½)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1gLoXyb3NA&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Utu - Shamash ( Anunnaki) Mesopotamian God of the Sun and Justice  Sumerian God Mythology
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qttxqt4sFnA&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

V31- Were ancient Gods aliens -  Sumerian texts ,Annunaki ,Aliens,Humanity and  Chariot of the Gods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtAo_1ZIO6A&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Vatican Insider Exposes Anunnaki is Illuminati - Direct Translations from Old Testament Deciphered -
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfT3wQY_VZo&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Watching the End of the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9e8qNNe3L0&list=PLqMYt8rXtHi5Gqi6eKbqy3y2oH--idGkJ

We Found The Evidence in Egypt...16000 BC, The Arrival of Highly Advanced Being on Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1N9c0upKNHc&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

Wendigo & Tuatha De' Danann (Fairy folk) Forest people Bigfoot UFO Aliens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIFkOtOO1pk&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Were the sons of God in Genesis 6 fallen angels Who were the Nephilim (1640744)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKtHwc3mMY8&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

Were the sons of God in Genesis 6 fallen angels Who were the Nephilim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKtHwc3mMY8&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

What is a Soul Contract and how does block me from what I want in life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpOs9DG153U&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

What It's Like To Travel On A Sailboat [Ep. 8]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9YWqCiXfb8&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

What was the True Aspect of the Anunnaki Gods 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yp5IKHCAE78&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

What's Inside the Sumerian Bag Secret Knowledge of a Lost Ancient Civilisation  Ancient Architects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvdrkSUVn70&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

What's the deal with the Nephilim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Kpkp2vxX3I&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

Who are the Anunnaki Who are They Not
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwOoP5sf9Ro&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Who Are The Nephilim & The Sons of God  - David Sielaff
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RvX0QQgJMo&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

Who made us, Lucifer or God  Ancient Sumerian Tablet, Predates Bible Uncovers Humanities Creator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eArOlsJXKbk&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Who Were The Annunaki Ancient Sumerian Gods or Fallen Angels Called the Nephilim (1137835)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9CDc8HRUgY&list=PLauhh5JZ6KRrdejw87F10cOek4jHPJbgz

Who Were The Annunaki Ancient Sumerian Gods or Fallen Angels Called the Nephilim (1370747)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9CDc8HRUgY&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Who Were The Annunaki Ancient Sumerian Gods or Fallen Angels Called the Nephilim (1511831)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9CDc8HRUgY&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

Who Were The Annunaki Ancient Sumerian Gods or Fallen Angels Called the Nephilim (1757413)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9CDc8HRUgY&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre

Who Were The Annunaki Ancient Sumerian Gods or Fallen Angels Called the Nephilim (1880894)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9CDc8HRUgY&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

Who Were The Annunaki Ancient Sumerian Gods or Fallen Angels Called the Nephilim (1885881)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9CDc8HRUgY&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

Who Were The Annunaki Ancient Sumerian Gods or Fallen Angels Called the Nephilim
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9CDc8HRUgY&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

Who Were the ANUNNAKI And Why Did They Come to Earth (1592773)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QrVxzz1Rk4&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

Who Were the ANUNNAKI And Why Did They Come to Earth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QrVxzz1Rk4&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Who were the Anunnaki Mesopotamian Mythology with Dr. Miano.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EW6tlcnDlgk&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

Who Were The Legendary Ancient Annunaki Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCCfsJomj0w&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Who Were The Lost Tribes Of Israel  Quest For The Lost Tribes  Timeline
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdYbQKthqoE&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

WHY ARE WE HERE (II) - A Scary Truth Behind the Original Bible Story Part 2  Full Documentary (1125358)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97wB5x3V7pQ&list=PLjMm7m9vm_65FMrkl7C94yK_hLzcz5I57

WHY ARE WE HERE (II) - A Scary Truth Behind the Original Bible Story Part 2  Full Documentary (1243969)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97wB5x3V7pQ&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

WHY ARE WE HERE (II) - A Scary Truth Behind the Original Bible Story Part 2  Full Documentary (1690139)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97wB5x3V7pQ&list=PLrkOhqQ9mT4WIa_WRVq9UdWLUML9ONlAR

WHY ARE WE HERE (II) - A Scary Truth Behind the Original Bible Story Part 2  Full Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97wB5x3V7pQ&list=PLopdnvEU4aPrW3fdwMMTAqBEHp-GJm8ii

WHY ARE WE HERE A Scary Truth Behind the Original Bible Story  Full Documentary (1104709)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFKDRArS-HM&list=PLKDYc65MwNNGpnWml2O5GkW4hyA5eRv7w

WHY ARE WE HERE A Scary Truth Behind the Original Bible Story  Full Documentary (1873941)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFKDRArS-HM&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

WHY ARE WE HERE A Scary Truth Behind the Original Bible Story  Full Documentary (1955221)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFKDRArS-HM&list=PLYDKn9CUgQir0w5GygUzqbfVHgpxa07p4

WHY ARE WE HERE A Scary Truth Behind the Original Bible Story  Full Documentary
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFKDRArS-HM&list=PL9GljuWQweA7sBfya1T_d3HF6xOHFh6KW

Why Did the Anunnaki Leave Ancient Gods, Pyramids, Bloodlines  Matthew LaCroix and Billy Carson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbHzocoiFlM&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Why The Anunnaki & Nephilim Were Seen As Gods & Giants - Mark Passio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dELQp1S3QEc&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

Will We Witness The Return Of The Annunaki Gods Plagues-Pestilence-Famine As A Tool To Control US
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gr1TRwsWG4M&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

William Henry  The Lost Spiritual Technology of the Angels  Origins Conference
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwT-k_PEQhM&list=PLWOfICCWRmytxDEC9_k-PvkK7torrUSH1

You Need To Watch This (It Will Change How You See Everything) OOWK MEDIA (1842062)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJNCFdYAG30&list=PLVhzAEUYJ7zsZHzJRfbzoiG7-4xxbqlTE

You Need To Watch This (It Will Change How You See Everything) OOWK MEDIA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJNCFdYAG30&list=PL_Qr29n90DV5N5odZC43DRrVFFu1hot2S

Zecharia Sitchin - Sumerians & The Annunaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THWrzaF3bMI&list=PLaMUdIwq7_6czSojmNi2SJW7wlVT6u8ER

Zecharia Sitchin - Sumerians And The Anunnaki
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jORJsrUy-CU&list=PLHMuvCII_Ouz2K-GB4dmbWnyi8HrreXW3

DO NOT WORSHIP THE POWERFUL ONES FROM YOUR SUMERIAN HERITAGE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbfeE7OC_uU&list=PL6sUc4cwrVTtZoLQAjWmJzTGmRh-pVwEW

? Secrets Of The Watchers, Anunnaki And The New (Reptilian) World Order  (MUST WATCH!!!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTdsajVelck&list=PLPI5GpfKV6yWfyJqEMJX6-T9At7Scjjre
Annunaki