
1.  'Part of Your World' by Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1_0D06iDIU

2.  30 Days Of Glitter Intro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrCk-G8xIDw

3.  6th Annual Crafty Chica Art Cruise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdq1nOwnY2E

4.  A million thanks!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oeGVwK6qR2U

5.  A Plea to Ellen DeGeneres about GLITTER!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7JVR9rgfQg

6.  Air Dry Clay DIY Wall Pocket Making.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GH0o2eJmlzE

7.  Alignment tool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1FpuWwe8L2o

8.  Attempt to tame my wild hair..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwf7vxVKJEw

9.  Boho Ribbon Dreamcatcher  LOVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wAHg7xH86I

10.  Bon Iver's 'Skinny Love' by Maya in the Moment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAwh0v4pbBM

11.  Book of Life Chuy DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpAW2MV9ruA

12.  BOOK TRAILER for Miss Scarlet's School of Patternless Sewing A Crafty Chica Novel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_EvI3BERQQ

13.  Bootsie The Sock-Catching Chihuahua!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oGbPv5X3OFI

14.  Bottle Cap Crafts DIY Magnet Shrines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtxIJXJMMDw

15.  Bottle Cutting 101 Vases & Glasses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBY3cYX4pg8

16.  Brand Strategy for Bloggers & Artists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AeOUyOwZso

17.  Bread Dough Flower Rings  Migajon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-65wYRHdxE

18.  Britney The Banker Chases The Crafty Chica Away!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SdslkJk8dKE

19.  Bullet Journals - Embellished Covers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMEgEp6SeWs

20.  BUSINESS TIP Set Intention in All You Do.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3tGuOZ7YUE

21.  Butterfly dress from Discworld Convention.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ-dY1w64Vg

22.  Candy Halloween Tree DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e6xrV8rUnPs

23.  Cardboard Crafts - DIY Shadow Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PSVJcfiD8w

24.  Carmen de Novais.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSecjj4MpbY

25.  Ceramics convention.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmEyW4k70rE

26.  Cha super show portrait crochet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AxsiQ0s6O8k

27.  CHA super show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3sCmAKPBqs

28.  Clay, Stencils & Day of the Dead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKJxvDgSfQE

29.  Comic Book Craft How to Make Flowers From Comics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CU6v0GyYVfY

30.  Copy of HOW TO Easy Tin Earrings  DIY Jewelry Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGtsTp1jTKc

31.  CRAFT WARS INTERVIEW Stephen Brown, show judge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmEIrTDPLOo

32.  CRAFT WARS Interview with contestant, Margot Potter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKZhPj1vBy4

33.  CRAFT WARS PART 2 Stephen Brown Interview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXsP9mfeFZw

34.  CRAFTY CHICA @ HANDMADE GALLERIES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAjOTgT3UrM

35.  Crafty Chica Art Cruise March 2009! Sign up now!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09eZvj5BMtk

36.  Crafty Chica Biggie Shadow Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3IqyId383Q

37.  Crafty Chica booth at CHA 2009.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbER2xpgp7Q

38.  Crafty Chica Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSOhy7kwUcs

39.  Crafty Chica Classroom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTwQEVlCg8g

40.  Crafty Chica Crochet Sparkle Scarves!  DIY Scarf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVK99fBipJM

41.  CRAFTY CHICA CRUISE 2009 - Kelly Wright sings!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3d5dG34LEM

42.  Crafty Chica demos Tulip Fashion Graffiti Paint Cannon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpreGv8QVLk

43.  CRAFTY CHICA e-COURSE How to Shine Online + Blogging Workshop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OfjCMOG41h0

44.  Crafty Chica Flocked Iron-Ons  as Fabric Stamps!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVC8h5hdTDQ

45.  Crafty Chica Glue Tip!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhrrCJnZ0go

46.  Crafty Chica goodies!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A42CYQacf-A

47.  Crafty Chica Ice Bucket Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckmkzQsi3bY

48.  Crafty Chica Interactive Shadow Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zqdq0-DoMxg

49.  Crafty Chica Intro 2009.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Psd4bV3oz_0

50.  Crafty Chica Promo (1949390).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ySEA2t-cuw

51.  Crafty Chica Promo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbYlycV3urc

52.  Crafty Chica September Vlog - DIY Shoes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7p480wsM5U

53.  Crafty Chica Summer Promo! (1504195).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seFB_i5fe6Y

54.  Crafty Chica Summer Promo!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLZUIfEDdjk

55.  Crafty Chica Tip Art Table.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GEQo6YDE9uo

56.  Crafty Chica Visits Make Meaning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Vdy4IVqHgA

57.  Crafty Chica VLOG 02-21-09.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBgRfDzMzpo

58.  Crafty Chica Vlog August 17, 2011.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_aNH51e12M

59.  Crafty Chica Vlog September 12, 2010.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g618CXiqyzE

60.  Crafty Chica YouTube Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1azdV2S48A

61.  Crafty Chica's #MichaelsHaul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YLpq0h94s-c

62.  Crafty Chica's Artful Cap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ty9OZcJqCjo

63.  Crafty Chica's Aztec Cardboard Bola Tie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSl7AAB43hY

64.  Crafty Chica's Watercolor Paper Earrings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxd6RBLb_Ec

65.  Crafty Chisme Glitter Tattoos with Nely Galan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ciHpesp7jc

66.  Crafty Kit Ideas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixiCBKGqUbU

67.  Crafty Score at Claire's Boutique!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gc95TSHhMGQ

68.  Crafty Tips from Joe Rotella.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_Y5jqk-R54

69.  Crawling Ombré Dye Technique.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVI3fPJLR4E

70.  CRICUT JOY DIY Custom Insert Cards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ubjqoFuhzc

71.  Cricut Joy DIY Painted Planters  Flower Pots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEtnjNUkL8U

72.  Cricut Joy for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_LkSsSzitw

73.  Cricut Joy Holiday Prayer Candles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1QsrbWupm8

74.  Cricut Maker Beginner - Frida Kahlo Journal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwPuix2DIEU

75.  Cricut Maker How to Use Glitter Iron-On for Totes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4J4P-MQTIM

76.  Crochet Wrist Cuffs  Bracelet DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALTdtHYERbk

77.  Cupcake Chaos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZd_8l8tJvE

78.  Custom Lettered Holographic Shirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XaowKZH02w

79.  Dancers before our event!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3cEYd-Q6qLw

80.  Day of the Dead Barbie DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSRCamF3j0w

81.  DAY of the DEAD CRAFT Reverse Glass Painting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IL68xUs5smw

82.  Day of the Dead Mexican Conchas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ml-SWwLh1i0

83.  Day of the Dead Paper Rosettes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhFORL2z34s

84.  Day of the Dead Sculptures + Dia de los Muertos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Rc6pA4kdo0

85.  Day of the Dead Window Painting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msnUiyeRuME

86.  Dealing With Negative People  Sparkle Saturday EP 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4qH2IGf4mM

87.  Dia de los Muertos - Day of the Dead - Ribbon Charm Bracelet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6i2ByTIB5s

88.  Dia de Los Muertos - Lantern Shrine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZDjef8ooa4

89.  Distressed Gilded Floor  Etched Concrete Floor DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrW5lHhshlw

90.  DIY Agate Slice Pendant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tELlf-eJvFc

91.  DIY Art Journal + Smash Book Use a  Record Album Cover!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2dXp0BmvRQ

92.  DIY Art Tiara, Crown, Headdress (Mixed Media)  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvAPfjGu7hs

93.  DIY Bead Stash Charm Bracelet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nv5Bf3ftPzc

94.  DIY Beaded Bobby Pins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11NxMH6e-YE

95.  DIY Clay Concha and Rose Bracelets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNUDM0Qjf-E

96.  DIY Concha Ornaments MEXICAN PAN DULCE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXYGm79mw48

97.  DIY Crystal Glasses  Decorate Your Eyewear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ylyb3WpbxJQ

98.  DIY Crystal Wine Glasses  Holiday Craft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U9Z573245PQ

99.  DIY FABRIC Faux Batik Pressed Paint Technique.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeCZi5UvndE

100.  DIY Fabric iPhone Covers + Case Peel and Stick!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBsqR3qAK8M

101.  DIY Felt Pastry Ornaments - Empanadas + Turnovers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQgE-JXZmQ0

102.  DIY Gate Fold Greeting Card  Dia de Los Muertos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRobozGL2O4

103.  DIY Glitter Cooler Tutorial  Painted Cooler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiyR8NtePks

104.  DIY Glittered Shirt  Selena Quintanilla.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DmrMm5-fcc

105.  DIY Halloween Llama Costume #Boxtume.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1y7YExc5Go

106.  DIY Holiday Hats Wearable Cha Cha.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYN9W-_8Xuc

107.  DIY Holiday Headbands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FX8g7Tb3epY

108.  DIY Leather Rings  Jewelry Craft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJKEY_hP40s

109.  DIY Mannequin Jewelry Holder  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRyRs-sKeec

110.  DIY Mexican Concha Earrings - Heart shaped.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HP_VO5Llx2U

111.  DIY Mexican Conchas - Painted Shoes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5J27lwILYjw

112.  DIY No-Sew Jumbo PIllows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ap6wO4FDI_A

113.  DIY Painted Pottery Without a Kiln.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDg8tN6nDjc

114.  DIY Pizza Box Mask.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuZ_Z6PuwWE

115.  DIY Plaster Wrap Hearts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bRhqZz8IcQ

116.  DIY Pumpkin Shadow Box  Muertos Craft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aL6lzJPiSl8

117.  DIY Resin Frame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPNXYRM7RLQ

118.  DIY Sacred Hearts w Roses  Fired Ceramics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7EosrUGeFo

119.  DIY Scrapbook Paper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7vP9deCdTI

120.  DIY Seat Covers  Astroturf Patio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWf9x9IZWpU

121.  DIY Silkscreen How to Screen Print with the Tulip ScreenIt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UDhd2HYYSs

122.  DIY SKULL SUGAR CUBES with guest, Mark Montano.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lE-j632ViKI

123.  DIY Sprinkled Tie Dye Technique.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBvzyjU8Ypk

124.  DIY Succulent Terrarium + Planter  Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HUy-lj1CWU

125.  DIY Sugar Skull Glitter Tattoos  Dia de los Muertos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vI5ziuuAde8

126.  DIY Sunglasses Display  Home Organization.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sOSqpErQwo

127.  DIY Tie-Dye Masks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJSZsvtmYcs

128.  DIY Tie-Dye Watercolor Flowers Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqOciSLC8ZA

129.  DIY With Tarina Tarantino  Sugar Skull Stretch Bracelet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38SVeHvhL3s

130.  DIY Wood Bangles  Doodle Art.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEM1VXAwCRQ

131.  Double Corner Fold Card Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-wUdiiqpi0

132.  Double Stitch Twins show me their wares!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDrHko5luXo

133.  Duct Tape Earrings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqsemdeXbus

134.  Dyed yarn at CHA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aeDeFgkQ44

135.  EASTER CRAFT  Doodled Bunny S&P Shakers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0r05IDWEUuM

136.  Easy Applique Pillow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_X8FLyRh4hI

137.  Easy Crochet Beanie  Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHzb_zcPX8w

138.  EASY DIY Postcards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmpABLtbNPE

139.  Easy Finger Crochet Friendship Bracelets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s-cnKYziy4

140.  Easy Foil Laminating for Paper Crafting!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_9YMnZjIfig

141.  EASY Pop-Up Card Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kdZ9aEZD2hE

142.  Easy Resin Magnets  DIY Gift Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33NLWWlU52I

143.  Edible Glitter Mexican Pastries  Pan Dulce.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fUVwxWCw3HI

144.  Eerie Eyebrows.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69wew3mNMOo

145.  EMBELLISHED HEADPHONES  CRAFTY CHICA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Qsp73aYh-k

146.  Embossed Foil Tutorial  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htA17SaMLBQ

147.  Embrace Your Masa by Monique Sanderson-Mata.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2-vIS0RjYY

148.  Enameled Tumblers DIY  Summer Craft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S79wcYpswYM

149.  Fabric Marker Pillow  Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yl6AXM-hy0M

150.  Facebook live Ceramic Jewelry, Crochet Scarves, Chocolate Molds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P5DpZSWwpDk

151.  FACEPAINT Creepy Colorful Zombie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nihvNfvexWo

152.  Family Member Quote Mugs  Thanksgiving.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOAiQWhQ064

153.  Father's Day 2009.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6fFTmB1jV8

154.  Faux Embossing With Tissue Paper  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxYg0EZ6guM

155.  Faux Fur Skull Pillow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQX3otOwu60

156.  Festive Skull Wreath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=USx8rOWMdr4

157.  Finished Embroiderytapestry project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVYbI2oG4ME

158.  Fired Ceramic Tiles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhQd3yixpDc

159.  Flute Player at Antelope Canyon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6gPum5CYgk

160.  Fresh from the studio! Día de los Muertos Shoes, DIY Valentine's Day Earrings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Q7pS8N9PBY

161.  Frida event 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViNIX-NZO1Y

162.  Frida face painting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYVU3m3Owds

163.  Frida Inspired Paper Doll Ornaments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMYsaq7ldF8

164.  Friendship Ornaments with the Latina Blogstars!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWzhXoGgbtg

165.  Fuzzy hair and more.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c8asu0ykNGQ

166.  Garden Craft Ideas  DIY Plant Pokes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUphslJ2rwM

167.  GET MOTIVATED Day One!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvhUdiA7Jug

168.  Glitter giveaway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNLMw4A52jQ

169.  Glitter leftovers  DIY Craft Projects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_VCZzXhAsc

170.  Glitter Your Glassware  Resin Craft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37JZnk6gBok

171.  Glittered Canvas Wedding Favors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztiKG1RyTpA

172.  GLITTERED Decoden Cell Phone Case  Craft Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0bzRzFePnU

173.  Glittered Jumbo Tissue Flowers  PAPER FLOWER DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4K2FkHACsXc

174.  Glittered Paper Tags.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=geYzhQyYpKc

175.  Glittered Resin Pendants from Ice Cube Trays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgzQR1L01WY

176.  Glittery dilemma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiBmnOWinNw

177.  Good Morning Arizona feature on Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9waVYGlZfs

178.  Graphix Aqua Pen Illustration Idea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mjv3__7Cuog

179.  Green Chile Pork Stew.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPKnL9ub1HA

180.  Growing Your Business 3 Habits to Change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_s6ntYpHxI

181.  Guest KAYTE TERRY DIY Quilled Paper Hair Pins  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4Y5iD9mKzY

182.  GUEST VIDEO Maya in the Moment, Love Songs for a Year.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ElRJ0g1tSA

183.  HALLOWEEN CRAFT Hot Glue Blood Drip Earrings  DIY Halloween Earrings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eW-QzEtIKco

184.  Halloween Monster Donuts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDqS3p7RaU8

185.  Hand Lettering Tips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB-k0TcK6n0

186.  Happy Birthday to Maya!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMizzLtNYq4

187.  HARLEM SHAKE (Crafty Edition By The Phoenix Fridas).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hh3N-qk03Nw

188.  Heart Shaped Box DIY  Valentine's Craft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksFpkytVJ-g

189.  Hispanicize 2013 Blog & Branding Tips from Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caayY5URPTQ

190.  Holiday Earrings - Reindeer & Mini Trees.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-Mhy9bjGAc

191.  Holographic Dyed Tank  T-shirt Craft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGqCfdDApzI

192.  Horizonte feature on Kathy Cano-Murillo, the Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sT1HPAZ2hm4

193.  Hot gluing in a tight spot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4xBQrBsSySk

194.  How I'll Spend My Tax Refund  H&R Block.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMCwCdZkMsA

195.  HOW TO Apply a Glitter Tattoo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yaVEJxCMPI

196.  How to Apply Nude Lip Color.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAbEwFISwUE

197.  How to Attract Good Energy  Motivation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpQtIFzZEvw

198.  HOW TO Brush-On Ombré  Technique.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCP_SG-0aNs

199.  How to Carve a Pumpkin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6b-3n8Fwxlw

200.  HOW TO Confetti Paper Garland  Paper Craft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwP5BOGIIXU

201.  How to Crochet a Simple Scarf  DIY Scarf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZv9-m9YnK4

202.  HOW TO Cut A Graffiti-Style Portrait.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4IW9rdiEAOI

203.  How to Decoden Shrines and Boxes  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIkV9--2QPQ

204.  How to DISCHARGE DYING Bleachdye a black dress.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1vcnJXXdz4

205.  How To Doodle Art Scarves  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uGVO6aTkO8

206.  How to Dye a Skein of Yarn  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-JJD6sspw8

207.  HOW TO Dye fabric with yarn! DIY Projects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9vbAGX6rIk

208.  How to dye ribbon (easily!)  Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCUiHKOTsTQ

209.  HOW TO Easy Tin Earrings  DIY Jewelry Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5ehhvhSSvI

210.  How To Edible Photo Chocolates  DIY Chocolate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cJqlT4Rd-k

211.  How To Embed Items in Soap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frM9fy6L3cE

212.  How to flip crystals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmeMhyWi-FM

213.  How To Glitter A Floor  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOWLFhTXRQ4

214.  HOW TO Glitter a floor cloth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FoFZYqYvTqI

215.  HOW TO Glitter a Shirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lVildSDsHM

216.  HOW TO Glitter Shade  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0VzH9nhyMA

217.  HOW TO GLITTER SPRAY ON STENCIL  DIY Projects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uqs_nDEPBo4

218.  HOW TO Glitter Tie-Dye Totes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsZk1usS9TA

219.  HOW TO Glittered Drapes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSYAlg3cGT8

220.  HOW TO Hammered Heart Earrings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0T88sBy2UG8

221.  HOW TO Hipster Zombie Face Paint  Halloween Make Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6O80s2hjsQ

222.  HOW TO Hot Glue Jewelry  Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLjgLL-zGVA

223.  HOW TO Ice Cube Tie Dye, DIY Ice Painting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlL7maYko0A

224.  HOW TO Lipstick Apron.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdRhsYSingQ

225.  HOW TO Make a Creepy Plaster Mask for Halloween.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlT_Ja7qEHA

226.  HOW TO Make a Duct Tape Bowtie Bracelet  DIY Jewelry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ubUCh8OV-c

227.  How to Make a Gate Fold Card + Other Ideas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePr652Kb1sg

228.  HOW TO Make a Holiday Shadowbox from a DIY Bangle Bracelet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfiX93bTmxY

229.  HOW TO Make a mini-zine  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObflPgOgYoE

230.  How to Make a Ribbon Bow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0oXhLG9sz4

231.  How to Make a Silk Flower Curtain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zmwrAAf0-ZM

232.  How to Make Affirmation Candles  Washi Tape Craft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dTJ_JpBW7I

233.  How to Make an Awesome Turkey Veggie Sandwich!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qSMPCGbJYB4

234.  HOW TO Make button rings (and a surprise guest!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkp25y7n9bM

235.  How to Make Clay Roses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nl-GHDwAuQ

236.  How to Make Corn Tortillas  Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfZD-7Z81Vo

237.  HOW TO Make Crystal Letters From Buttons  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBoVRtSani8

238.  HOW TO Make Custom Stamps from Flip Flops  DIY Stamping.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTdrK4EVgcQ

239.  HOW TO Make glitter charms  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmiTTSmBlAU

240.  HOW TO Make Glitter Varnish on the spot!  DIY Glitter Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aLbyHsu-kw

241.  How To Make Glittered Heart Crayons  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ajvsr_Vtn0

242.  How to make Hot Chocolate Bombs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nk2V1oBHbRE

243.  HOW TO Make Licorice Candy Bracelets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Or5kC9YjviE

244.  How to Make Milk Jugs Earrings w Alcohol Inks.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4oWEFITpS4

245.  How to Make Mole Popcorn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DkOmRV0dWrc

246.  How to Make Money as an Artist or Crafter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrWBCAecmX8

247.  How to Make Painted Marshmallow Pops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoVyhL_YtDM

248.  How To Make Paper Flowers from Party Streamers  DIY Party Decorations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtMePr6O8KQ

249.  HOW TO Make Rainbow Yarn - Dye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBrUhhOLXM0

250.  How to Make Shrinky Dink Earrings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77I1MY0xO6U

251.  How to Make Sugar Skulls  Day of the Dead DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ys8b2LQeqtU

252.  How to make tie dye heart pillowcases.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ccP1iLde7s

253.  How to Make White Menudo  Mexican Food Recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mujizuaB-fg

254.  How to Melt Candy Canes into Peppermint Heart Chips  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2XBPO0gKt8

255.  HOW TO Mini-Valentine Cards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4odbaLRegM

256.  How to Origami Envelope  Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chsb3nBK358

257.  How to Paint a Hat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QicqEhI8t2Y

258.  HOW TO Prevent Stencil Overspray  DIY Projects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJY-h_jGiF0

259.  HOW TO Pumpkin Decorating Ideas & Tips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kCOr2yRLl4A

260.  HOW TO Punk Rock Stenciled Tee SEX PISTOLS!  DIY t-shirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Kbo6vXNCV4

261.  How to Recycle Like a Boss!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jf6M5zPGikc

262.  How to Resin-coated paper  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lG6NNLdWyhI

263.  HOW TO Set a Crystal Monogram Using Tape.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6pRHKcYJ5g

264.  HOW TO Spray Dye a Scarf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZAN3_6relU

265.  HOW TO Sugar Skull Face Painting DIY  Day of the Dead.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NGJKKnENhU

266.  HOW TO Tie Dye Roses - DIY Rainbow Roses and Flowers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6revvHtJLxM

267.  HOW TO Tie Dye T-Shirt Yarn!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qv7XNr8mfVE

268.  How to Tie-Dye Sheets  Shibori Dye Technique.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ams4XjsmeaM

269.  HOW TO Tie-Dye Your Hair Extensions - DIY Rainbow Hair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHLesEFDESE

270.  How to use a Crafty Chica Iron-On Transfer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGMhQ8CvcGA

271.  How to Use a Torch on Wire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwAv6K2R8_8

272.  HOW TO USE RESIN Open-Back Pendant Using Duct Tape.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XccveOp4vwg

273.  HOW TO Wrapping Paper Wreath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfzlzfRPJcM

274.  HOW-TO Glitter on glitter  DIY Projects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kp352FNQZKM

275.  Hydro Dipping for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgCdHmq4Wcw

276.  I made something for you! A Memory Zine for 2015!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gd6hzvFY29g

277.  I was in a KIA Commercial!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mofsWekZBqQ

278.  Important Message!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HmHv43D8uD0

279.  INTERVIEW La Santa Cecilia  Latin Music Profile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCBMwRWpboc

280.  INTERVIEW The Food Network's Chef Marcela Valladolid from the Lowe's Designer Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obZL7RfU9z4

281.  iPhone 3G S DIY Embellished Case.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYNRgOfJG7Q

282.  iPhone Accessory I Love The Pop Phone! Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHYSCZaoDcI

283.  JEWELRY HACKS DIY Reconstructed Earrings!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdKyH3AJjUU

284.  Jolly Rancher Candy Roses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gRC3NB9AqM

285.  Jumpstart Your Passion  Sparkle Saturday EP 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmSs-KpVFuY

286.  June Happy List + Giveaway  Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oa65VbkvsYg

287.  Kathy Cano-Murillo, Speaker Reel  Latina Speaker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xj-1I7p0kQ

288.  Kathy gets ready to leave!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SQhpbcYFt-0

289.  Kathy's craftastrophe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=er8TaGCvmaI

290.  Kathy's secret crystal footage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHsnsyaHOBo

291.  Katie Cazorla Branding Tips for Your Small Business.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LC7ua0JvPwY

292.  Katie Cazorla Crafty Ways to Paint Your Nails  Nail Art.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyCRleXqB3s

293.  Katie Cazorla How to Protect Crafty Nails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZakY_deyDFY

294.  La Casa Murillo Day before opening..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdWr_tiatHA

295.  La Casa Murillo Driving to exhibit with Darian..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtBLPltvGjo

296.  La Casa Murillo Phil shares his glitter magic!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhbrG0rv55U

297.  La Casa Murillo We've arrived!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TevdaRy7wss

298.  Lash Extensions Review  Eyelash Extensions Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FO9uVdmErB4

299.  Late night pillow production.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ronMMSSPnfY

300.  Late Night Sewing The Craftermath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp5XeoI4Y-o

301.  Latin-inspired Whipped Coffee - Dalgona Coffee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seDLOfRkkls

302.  Lavender Latte Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvbBtZIVWiE

303.  Linocut Techniques  Easy Block Printing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lX9-Uipg3Fs

304.  Love Letter Garland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXajdEwnxWE

305.  Magic Glitter Jars  Craft Attitude.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y671B9l8AlE

306.  Making polymer clay earrings!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeeibBndNlY

307.  Mantastic crafter at CHA Super Show.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRN1Jr46T_g

308.  Marble magic!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60Ijl3yPPXs

309.  Maya In the Moment Love Songs for a Year.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UOK5QazWec

310.  Maya in the Moment performs an original song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOiTjZQZG5E

311.  Mexi Mediterranean Salad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RcJg004ficg

312.  Mexi-Boho How to Makeover a Lampshade (Fabric Collage)  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg9GrvT3oVI

313.  Mexican Embroidered Blouse Bag  Purse DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onutDaT8-mY

314.  Michelle Blades @ Melrose Street Fair.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9OISCdJdHw

315.  Mini Monoprint Tutorial  Gelli Plate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_BDrrzeQ2M

316.  Mini Sugar Skull Pinata DIY  DAY OF THE DEAD CRAFT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ua_2e8yzp6I

317.  Mixed media paper shadow boxes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r53G__iT-00

318.  Mixed Media Shirt  Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjmuZEQ-MgU

319.  MIXED MEDIA TUTORIAL Fabric Dye as Wood Stain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPacB-ZEEHw

320.  Mold making and resin casting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHnTiY0V0S4

321.  Mom fail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4YZk4AX7X8

322.  Mucho Más Art Studio - Phoenix Latinx Business.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQBNe4PZ09I

323.  Mucho Más Art Studio hosts Pero Like!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAdj1ot96jY

324.  Multitasking with the LG Dual Screen!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uxo2BC8MN-Y

325.  My adventures blogging at the People en Español Festival in San Antonio!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsplHRCdfeA

326.  My Blooper Reel!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GM-R1zq0jNk

327.  My Ceramic Painting Technique (Frida mugs)!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3muW0QgnDA

328.  My First Time Tequila Shot!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YqA7cck7AE

329.  My lazy Chihuahuas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Otoiwp7iis

330.  My Origami Owl Visit  Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0ijdaBcjto

331.  My Pummelvision.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnQTyUqtvBQ

332.  My Q&A With WordPress.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Eu5BGuvlTA

333.  My Week as a Prudential Ambassador at Hispanicize 2017!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tCtrf_2R7c8

334.  New Crafty Chica products and my first YouTube Live!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJAj6xIJ1Vg

335.  NEW! Crafty Chica Product Line.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEBKuurx8iE

336.  Ofrenda.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq_96Pr0khQ

337.  Painted Jacket DIY  TIE DYE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jO8GERYpAJg

338.  Painted Leather Bracelets  Magic Braid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zS8_NMQvYhI

339.  Painted Wine Glasses Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ck7mgY1Fq4

340.  Pan Dulce Paletas - Concha Ice Cream Bars.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BsggTC5dsTc

341.  Paper Crafts Folded Pocket Book Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQ-2VosHWkc

342.  Paper Shadow Boxes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCkREj-lB2c

343.  Peek inside my studio!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqfWkCafHUI

344.  Phoenix Fridas Arizona Latina Art Collective.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PhaGK-K_Qk

345.  Phoenix Fridas Art Exhibit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUY_1VfxB7g

346.  Phx Fridas Merch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EykYxPiIRY

347.  Piñata Craft - Photo Frame DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWqH3L8w_ig

348.  Plaster Ring Tutorial Using Cool2Cast and Glass Tiles  DIY Jewelry Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmEqsvetb98

349.  Plaster-Dipped Flowers Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNxIn-TspSE

350.  Plastic Bags DIY Drink Coasters!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GbnFaKeiZiM

351.  Pop Art Frames  Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Q6Bz-zXczA

352.  Popcorn Tie-Dye Technique  Shibori Craft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8jSeUmMf0w

353.  Prepping a surface to paint  Tide Oxi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eV4AE5UgRTA

354.  Q&A Andrea Salazar, Making the Cut 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0erL208kf34

355.  Q&A w Fernanda Castillo - star of YA VEREMOS pelicula.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RjYlYpG2Aw

356.  Quicky Fabric Collage Drapes  DIY Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kWYt9hWjUIo

357.  Ras Patrick singing RASTAFARMER theme song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYoBIiGJMBc

358.  RastaFarmers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YtmnYapTjg

359.  Resin Crafts Sparkle Collage Hoops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PVoNygqnuYs

360.  Resin Jewelry DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gkab4xS6Q4

361.  REVIEW Singer One Sewing Machine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yurFSfHFi3c

362.  Rolled Paper Box and Shrine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUIAukcaT7o

363.  Sacred Heart Cupcakes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLsUtm8jU88

364.  Sari Ribbon Earrings w Mod Podge Ultra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WwueIqr5GI

365.  Scrapbook Paper Journals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eh4ak3OlGfg

366.  Selena Quintanilla  Earring Craft Project.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bC0jgmhKZqA

367.  SELENA THE SERIES - Seidy Lopez Interview.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHIXwOvDa3k

368.  Setting up for the Phx Craft Rave!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wePGzQtG0Ck

369.  Sharpie tattoo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJdHsKc7qUs

370.  Shrink Plastic Pins & Earrings with Resin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwG6LSaknMI

371.  Silkscreen at Home IKONART Stencil Kit Review.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGXT1iTWovw

372.  Slice of Cake Costume #boxtume.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9WWQsXVJiM

373.  Snippet from our auction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Npz2yOxFlc

374.  Sophisticated Craft FAIL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFRkD8RriqU

375.  Sparkle Glitter Collage Christmas Glass Ornaments!  DIY Christmas Tree Ornaments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFPP7xhHTxI

376.  Sparkle Saturday Do the Thing!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDS5uy9-6gY

377.  Sparkly Soldered Pendant Tutorial  Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VB-3spadK-8

378.  SPRING DIY Custom Hangers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wU8XI27PSqc

379.  Stencil and Glitter Canvas Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3SDqvX4Cdc

380.  Stenciled Paper DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVSueOb1ULE

381.  Stenciled Watercolor Art.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWMc8WLd_lM

382.  Sticker Haul Halloween Frame DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xBdp0HdSnuo

383.  Stitched Felt Hearts Tutorial  Valentine Craft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K46RRRlJkgA

384.  STORYTIME Baking Fail - That time I accidentally baked bugs in cookies!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSPzPEaHXzQ

385.  Strawberry Milk Cake Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptkEmHTb18Q

386.  Studio Sneak Peek!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIoAj9QaFQs

387.  Sugar Skull Piñata Tutorial  Day of the Dead DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPECjFGFkyo

388.  Super Easy Shaker Cards for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=StV_Of0ZOR4

389.  Talavera Pottery DIY Mugs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ck2plQ0deIk

390.  Tea Towels as Fabric + GIVEAWAY!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8spQ3wbePo

391.  Tequila Cocktails Chili Piña Rita & Guava Strawberry Margarita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eak1jwUPcnM

392.  Terri O's Crafty Boot Camp.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2M5BUtzK3Xo

393.  Thanksgiving night yarn bender.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4h92Ob28AI

394.  The Crafty Chica meets Brini Maxwell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLxge78Ggrk

395.  The Crochet Dude and The Crafty Chica!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lqf2XpwI10

396.  The Many Faces of a Crafty Chica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3H9IzyAqEAo

397.  The world needs more love!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExNDZuYS4L0

398.  This is how I know I have a coffee problem..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_T8Sx7aZjkw

399.  Threadbanger DIY Party Glittered Chihuahuas!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JA55RUGs6gc

400.  Tibetan Yak Yarn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUt87pOyXNc

401.  Tide Pods + Keeping Tie-Dye Colors Bright.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRLy0hKDv3k

402.  Tie-Dye Technique Glue Resist  Altered t-shirt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gydh3a_5oGM

403.  Tie-Dye Tips  Fabric dye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAUlCL2xjXw

404.  Tie-Dye Towel  DIY Summer Craft.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMW_zXokcDs

405.  Tie-Dye with Fabric Markers  DIY Fashion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=096XQigQ9XQ

406.  Tin Can Crafts - Paint & Fabric Make Over!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsTAXWUylzE

407.  Tip for your craft table.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xemgwMgnNHw

408.  TIPS FOR ARTISTS Three ways to impress a retail buyer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWIHrifphDk

409.  Tissue Paper Votives DIY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJKsr2b3dfM

410.  Trunk or Treat Graveyard #Boxtumes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHeKvLoa5hg

411.  TUTORIAL Easy Macramé Bracelets  DIY Bangles, Jewelry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doD6GeYj74Q

412.  TUTORIAL Papel Picado as Stencils.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV9aVh0eEso

413.  Valentine Crafts Wood Conversation Hearts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lraiiS0fBA

414.  VLOG Mugs, Crafty Cash, and a Muscle Relaxer Gingerbread House.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yw5ksgrvkgA

415.  VLOG Random crafty stuff on a Friday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yNwhft9fIQ

416.  Waking Up In The Land Of Glitter Book Trailer #2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xY2l3LyKsg

417.  Waking Up in the Land of Glitter The Glitter!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=au-MvzrIu7o

418.  Waking Up in the Land of Glitter The Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PxaGIu9Fncs

419.  Waterless Snow Globes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U29pynH5OD4

420.  What I Would do with $1000  H&R Block.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMqcDFT9USw

421.  Wire Fabric Bracelets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTr7ey-735I

422.  WORKSHOP DIY Kamikaze Publicity for Indie Artists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stWLW4MmfJo

423.  Write Doodle Plan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9Diqvuf4S0

424.  You're cute, but I want that sandwich..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-GZ--yI1zs
The Crafty Chica, Kathy Cano-Murillo - Videos