
1.  Eurythmics - 17 Again (Acoustic Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJWr3nVI_1A&pp=sAQA

2.  Eurythmics - Baby's Gonna Cry Tonight (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtC4PHsNCuM&pp=sAQA

3.  Eurythmics - Beautiful Child (Acoustic Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azBjWMz3yek&pp=sAQA

4.  Eurythmics - EPK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1cT8cFtjLQ&pp=sAQA

5.  Eurythmics - I Saved The World Today (Acoustic Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9J1Y-Wx9so&pp=sAQA

6.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - 17 Again (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdXXaR_7DmU&pp=sAQA

7.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - 17 Again (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HE4nlnLNyRY&pp=sAQA

8.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Angel (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xp3QYkuqON8&pp=sAQA

9.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Beethoven (I Love to Listen To) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbuMXyzouJQ&pp=sAQA

10.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Dave on Guitar (Peacetour Live) (1417015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQ6fBOJYEAc&pp=sAQA

11.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Dave on Guitar (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcGBuL1nUJ4&pp=sAQA

12.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Don't Ask Me Why (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqrw3_604_c&pp=sAQA

13.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Eurythmix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fX-fR3Xo9FQ&pp=sAQA

14.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Here Comes the Rain Again (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izF-QhejuXE&pp=sAQA

15.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Here Comes the Rain Again (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OojeUDY3iZE&pp=sAQA

16.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Here Comes The Rain Again (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzFnYcIqj6I&pp=sAQA

17.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - I Love You Like a Ball and Chain (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0HDzC-doHE&pp=sAQA

18.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - I Need a Man (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYAdmJ__Ujw&pp=sAQA

19.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - I Need A Man (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QFu8SD4sqE&pp=sAQA

20.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - I Saved the World Today (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zf052uxFF58&pp=sAQA

21.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - I Saved the World Today (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rkd3aK0rVhk&pp=sAQA

22.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - I Want It All (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyN7IX1HUvQ&pp=sAQA

23.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - I've Got a Life (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSTXNOFjAQ4&pp=sAQA

24.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back) [Remastered].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xGmx8Gvm2rs&pp=sAQA

25.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Love Is a Stranger (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o6f593X6rv8&pp=sAQA

26.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Love Is a Stranger (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDlksKb49hg&pp=sAQA

27.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Miracle of Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOGD1WkJJok&pp=sAQA

28.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Miracle of Love (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mAilvA8OA7Y&pp=sAQA

29.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Miracle of Love (Video Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fx2ns6fC4nw&pp=sAQA

30.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Missionary Man (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-Q3cp3cp88&pp=sAQA

31.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Missionary Man (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhoubO2VJuc&pp=sAQA

32.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Peace Is Just a Word (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHJI1HZ3NwE&pp=sAQA

33.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Recollection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qw-CiT8ueU&pp=sAQA

34.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Revival (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDszbss__VI&pp=sAQA

35.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Right by Your Side (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5UwbB-liBU&pp=sAQA

36.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Right By Your Side (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aY_6ejm0AX0&pp=sAQA

37.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Shame (Dance Mix) [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mGG-U22XOs&pp=sAQA

38.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg&pp=sAQA

39.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This) (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cEFKfuI00sk&pp=sAQA

40.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This) [The Tube 1983].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ED7pIZOARn0&pp=sAQA

41.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - The King and Queen of America (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9nZhdEdBKw&pp=sAQA

42.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Thorn In My Side (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AmkmqYEarw&pp=sAQA

43.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Thorn in My Side (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THwXdoh1Pgw&pp=sAQA

44.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Walking on Broken Glass (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTTZ4ZQ9HPk&pp=sAQA

45.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - When Tomorrow Comes (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWzRKxhpPA0&pp=sAQA

46.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - When Tomorrow Comes (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o485AZ7yOmU&pp=sAQA

47.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Who's That Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5iDKWV6Chg&pp=sAQA

48.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Who's That Girl (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swn42xU5AbY&pp=sAQA

49.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Who's That Girl (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lApaQC58r8&pp=sAQA

50.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Why (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0LUh2TK-fs&pp=sAQA

51.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Would I Lie to You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uhpu2N4rQZM&pp=sAQA

52.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Would I Lie to You (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9WeCwAoIEd4&pp=sAQA

53.  It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf_OsStVpzs&pp=sAQA

54.  It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back) (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFUBgX20YLo&pp=sAQA

55.  No Fear, No Hate, No Pain (No Broken Hearts) [Pop Goes New Year 1983].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2l2E_tHb8Vo&pp=sAQA

56.  Sisters Are Doin' It for Themselves (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mJHkABTXuv0&pp=sAQA

57.  Sisters Are Doin’ It For Themselves [Ft. Aretha Franklin] (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drGx7JkFSp4&pp=sAQA

58.  Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This) (Steve Angello Remix Edit) (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCt5puvhQXc&pp=sAQA

59.  There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart) (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ha86cOmMVXk&pp=sAQA

60.  There Must Be An Angel (Playing With My Heart) (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCdneDxFRYQ&pp=sAQA

61.  You Have Placed A Chill In My Heart (Peacetour Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ka496B3Z7Y&pp=sAQA

62.  You Have Placed a Chill In My Heart (Video Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQpJqtfCmcM&pp=sAQA
Eurythmics