
Aretha Franklin - Respect [1967] (Aretha's Original Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FOUqQt3Kg0&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Association   Cherish 1966
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DD94tZgPuvc&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Bad Moon Rising - Creedence Clearwater Revival (HQ - 5.1 Studio )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w6iRNVwslM4&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Beach Boys - Surfin Usa HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2s4slliAtQU&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Beautiful WATERFALLS in the World (2021) Nature RELAXATION Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AYTQ1xlPms&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Ben E. King - Stand by me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vbg7YoXiKn0&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Blood Sweat & Tears - Spinning wheel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kK62tfoCmuQ&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Blood Sweat & Tears - You've made me so very happy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpwXasI2IL4&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Blowing In The Wind (Live On TV, March 1963)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWwgrjjIMXA&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Bob Dylan - Knockin' On Heaven's Door (Unplugged)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJpB_AEZf6U&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Brenda Lee - I'm Sorry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-TkjEdB1kE&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Buffalo Springfield - For What It's Worth 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gp5JCrSXkJY&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Del Shannon - Runaway (Rare Stereo Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ziLagAgoPCE&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Diana Ross and The Supremes Reflections
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nV72YrB1454&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Dion The Wanderer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5m6lymJy57E&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Do You Believe in Magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaqRwFyoGgQ&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Efralot - Dare To Believe (Lyric Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_kgRghVks0&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Elvis Presley - Return To Sender [Video]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PU5xxh5UX4U&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Etta James - I'd Rather Go Blind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9sq3ME0JHQ&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Frankie Valli - Can't take my eyes off you
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PzpWKAGvGdA&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Gary Puckett & The Union Gap - Young Girl - HQ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJFVPxBpezk&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Gerry & The Pacemakers - Ferry Cross The Mersey (1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08083BNaYcA&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Herb Alpert & the Tijuana Brass A Taste of Honey Video 1966
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_KDPUTyDyQ&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Herb Alpert - This Guy's In Love With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4x-CSul3Jw&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Herb Alpert This Guy's in Love with You Video 1971
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WZjqdPVaI0&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Herman's Hermits - Wonderful World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4S0DOiEA9s&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Hey Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nLFHUIl9o4&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

I Am a Rock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=My9I8q-iJCI&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

I Got You Babe - Sonny and Cher Top of the Pops 1965
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BERd61bDY7k&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

I Think We`re Alone Now - Tommy James & The Shondells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkMFLUXTEwM&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

James Brown - I Feel Good (Legends of Rock 'n' Roll)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SzlpTRNIAvc&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Jefferson Airplane - Somebody to love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Jj3wZVc7nw&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Jimmy Soul - If you wanna be happy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qh9ZZgDqzAg&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Johnny Rivers - Poor Side Of Town
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BC-l0uqxoZ4&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

JOHNNY RIVERS - Secret Agent  Man 1966
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iaR3WO71j4&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Joni Mitchell - Both Sides Now (Live, 1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcrEqIpi6sg&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Jumpin' Jack Flash - The Rolling Stones
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJ9D0UHP7x4&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Led Zeppelin - Whole Lotta Love (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQmmM_qwG4k&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Lemon Pipers - Green Tambourine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5Vz-z4PEkk&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Lesley Gore - You Don't Own Me (HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDUjeR01wnU&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Louis Armstrong - What a wonderful world  ( 1967 )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWzrABouyeE&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

LuLu (To Sir With Love)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTapoA5RQyo&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Mamas & Papas - Dedicated To The One I Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4M7gKZqgHn4&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Martha & The Vandellas Dancing in the Streets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdvITn5cAVc&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Marvin Gaye - Heard It Through The Grapevine (Live at Montreux)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7dGdrP3pms&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Mary Hopkin - Those Were The Days - 1968
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3KEhWTnWvE&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Mary Wells - My Guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1M5eEJeT38&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Mony Mony by Tommy James & The Shondells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkMgs3lFwkQ&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Moody Blues - Tuesday Afternoon (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPLWBhNW3FM&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Nancy Sinatra - These Boots Are Made for Walkin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbyAZQ45uww&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Neil Diamond - Sweet Caroline High Quality neildiamond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vhFnTjia_I&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Neil Diamond, 'Cherry Cherry' (circa 1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvXCYqd8AAs&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Neil Sedaka Happy Birthday Sweet Sixteen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5h2zp96Hzhg&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Ode to Billie Joe - Bobbie Gentry (BBC Live 1968)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaRacIzZSPo&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Petula Clark   Downtown. original version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx06XNfDvk0&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Petula Clark - My Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDiR3MF_Q5I&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Ray Charles - Hit The Road Jack (Original)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rEsVp5tiDQ&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

RAY CHARLES I Can't Stop Loving You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQXsM1l2wZ8&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Ricky Nelson - Travelin' Man 1961
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0janfcZ8LUw&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Righteous Brothers - You've Lost That Lovin' Feelin' (Top Gun 1986)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDi7qOhECW8&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

ROY ORBISON - CRYING - LIVE 1988 - (HQ-856X480)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eO8R1w8qrgo&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Roy Orbison - Oh, Pretty Woman (from Black & White Night)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PLq0_7k1jk&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Royal Guardsmen - Snoopy Vs. The Red Baron
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oxzg_iM-T4E&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Sam Cooke - Chain Gang (High Quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBn5aIfZElE&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Save the last dance for me - The Drifters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-XQ26KePUQ&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Shelley Fabares - Johnny Angel [Full Video Edit] 1961
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwIYSofgpY0&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Simon & Garfunkel - Mrs. Robinson (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9C1BCAgu2I8&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Simon and Garfunkel - Homeward Bound (1966 - Live)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sI0enx_Jnqc&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Steppenwolf - Born To Be Wild
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMbATaj7Il8&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Stevie Wonder vs The Clash - Uptight (Dunproofin' Rock The Casbah Mashup Mix) [JackTheVideoRipper]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXdfKUbS-0c&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Strawberry Alarm Clock - Incense and Peppermints
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RghL1rViX34&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Surfin´ Bulldog (Beach Boys - Surfin´ USA)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqxTUxzOceE&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Animals - House of the Rising Sun (1964) High Quality [HQ].flv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgTSfJEf_jM&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Animals - We Gotta Get Out Of This Place (Live, 1965) ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5-uJZjMMK4&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Archies - Sugar, Sugar (Original 1969 Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9nE2spOw_o&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Association - Windy (1967 Ravinia Festival - Highland Park IL )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHpwzpaFI4g&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Beach Boys - Don't Worry Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QCZ_bv9aLc&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

the beach boys - fun, fun, fun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4FOiVM4bQc&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Beach Boys- California Girls (1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7oRb9-mypxg&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Beatles - Hello, Goodbye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rblYSKz_VnI&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Beatles - Hey Jude
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_MjCqQoLLA&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Beatles - Penny Lane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-rB0pHI9fU&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Beatles - We Can Work it Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qyclqo_AV2M&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Box Tops - The Letter (Upbeat 1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIWY8UyW9bw&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Byrds - Mr. Tambourine Man - 51165
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPqAvgN6Tyw&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Byrds - Turn! Turn! Turn!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4ga_M5Zdn4&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Dave Clark Five - Bits & Pieces - Top Of The Pops (1964)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoRLIJJSG4o&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Doors - Hello, I Love You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzM71scYw0M&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Four Season & Frankie Valli hits live Sherry, Rag doll, Walk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pWBnodrR1M&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Four Tops - I Can't Help Myself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPrtvdzhmts&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Good the Bad and the Ugly  Main Theme  Ennio Morricone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1PfrmCGFnk&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

the kinks- you really got me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2GmzyeeXnQ&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Mamas & The Papas - Monday Monday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h81Ojd3d2rY&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Mamas And The Papas - California Dreamin'. Audio Gold Song ful HD.mp4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kcmwXUdDCE&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Marcels   -   Blue Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0fy1HeJv80&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Marvelettes - Please Mr. Postman (1961)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=425GpjTSlS4&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Monkees - Last Train To Clarksville 1966
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcXpKiY2MXE&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Moody Blues - Nights In White Satin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9muzyOd4Lh8&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Righteous Brothers - Soul and Inspiration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I39nbvHVtzI&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Rolling Stones - (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction (Live- Ireland 1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KzYWTIHqutA&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Rolling Stones - Sympathy For The Devil (Live) - OFFICIAL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZRXGsPBUV5g&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Seekers - Georgy Girl (1967 - Stereo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsIbfYEizLk&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Shangri-Las -Leader Of The Pack Video with High Quality Sound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8UKf65NOzM&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Shirelles Will you still love me tomorrow (Top Quality + Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnPlJxet_ac&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Supremes - Stop In The Name Of Love (Ready Steady Go - 1965)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JC-MDYopSoA&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Supremes Live @ The Hollywood Palace (1966) - You Keep Me Hangin' On & Somewhere
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4RabQLuj4N8&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Twist - Chubby Checker
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=im9XuJJXylw&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Ventures - Wipe Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjiOtouyBOg&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

The Zombies - She's not there
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBdrDu9nq7Q&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

THIS MAGIC MOMENT-JAY AND THE AMERICANS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpePWo56zm4&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Three Dog Night One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiKcd7yPLdU&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Tommy Roe - Sweet Pea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCKXxJRgVgc&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Traces of love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0r74rxvWxo&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Up Up and Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5akEgsZSfhg&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Van Morrison - Brown Eyed Girl (Original Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqXSBe-qMGo&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

Zombies - Time Of The Season HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzpPy9hJYA8&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

?????? ???????????????? - ???? ???? ???????? - ???????? [????]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrVbawRPO7I&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab

?? ???????????? ?????????? ???? ???????? - ???????????? ??????????
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mb3iPP-tHdA&list=PLs5nLtKbGBVOZBCzgXxcN9fyCz6sQ1fab
Greatest hits of the 60's  Best 60's Playlist