
+9 God Blessing Knight - Cash Knight
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.superclay.freecashknight

60 Seconds Hero Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andromedagames.hero60global

Adventure of Cheeky  Idle RPG Game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.CheekyGames.idleRPG

Adventurer Legends - Diablo II Heroes Offline RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wejoyworld.TradeCcc

Adventurer's Life - IDLE RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.RcaneEntertainment.AdventurersLife

AFK Battle  Idle Princess Quest, Auto Battler
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.goboogie.princess

AFK Dungeon  Idle Action RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cookapps.afkdungeon

AFK GloryPVP Idle Games
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.AFK.Idle.Glory

AFK Heroes Idle Arena - Peak Battle
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wolfgamestudio.afkheroes

AFK Immortal Legend of Heroes-Idle RPG Games
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bettergame.afkimmortal

AFK Party RPG - Offline Idle Strategy
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.DefaultCompany.RPG

AFK Quest Idle Epic RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wildsky.wildunfold

AFK Summoner  Real 3d IDLE Adventure
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dgame.fallenAngelWar

AFK War HeroesRPG Games
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cool.goohfirege

After War – Idle Robot RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rawhand.afw.gl

Age of Guardians - New RPG Idle Arena Heroes Games
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ageofguardians.android

Almost a Hero - Idle RPG Clicker
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.beesquare.almostahero

Assassin Lord  Idle RPG (BUFF)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew.heroassassin2vipb

Assassin Lord  Idle RPG (Magic)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew.heroassassin2vip

Assassin Lord  Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew.heroassassin2

Atlantis minimal idle MMO
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.capplay.mu

Auto Arena Idle Arena & AFK Epic heroes
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.heallios.autoarena

Auto Battles Online - PvP Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.william.mobilegame

Auto Play Heroes - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tinystormgames.idlearena

Battle Night Cyberpunk-Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.feelingtouch.bn

BattleDNA2 - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.unitylog.battledna2

BattleDNA3 - idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.unitylog.battledna3

Blood & LegendDragon King hero mobile idle game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.idle.immortal.fun.legendary.rpg.destiny.king.games

Brave Dungeon Immortal Legend
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.an.bravedungeon.roguelite.idle.rpg

Buff Knight - Offline Idle RPG Runner
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.buffstudio.onthehero

Buff Knight! - Idle RPG Runner
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.buffstudio.ontheherofree

Catch Idle - Epic Clicker RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.halftimestudio.catchidle

Cave Heroes Idle Dungeon Crawler
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.com.vstgames.idlecaveheroes.AndroidMain

Champions of Avan - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.earlymorningstudio.championsofavan

Clicker Hunter  Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.octowyth.rpg

Clicker Idle Heroes RPG - Never Ending Dungeon
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.creativemobile.ned

Clicker Knight Incremental Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Company.ClickerKnightIncrementalIdleRPG

Clicker Monster RPG Idle Game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.funload.killmonster

Clicker Warriors - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.OpenWorldInteractive.ClickerWarriors

COMING SOON
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tunupgames.aos.rebirth

Contact Origin Idle Strategy RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.laxasoft.contactorigin

Craft and Fight - idle multiplayer RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.caf.craftandfight

Crush Them All
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.godzilab.idlerpg

Dark Assassin - Idle Offline Time Killer RPG Game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wejoyworld.anchao

Dark Chaser  Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.spcomes.cl.hseng

Dark Fantasy  Idle Clicker
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gamepub.df

Dark Knight  Idle RPG game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Bigbro.DarkKnight

Darkest AFK - free Idle RPG offline & PVE Battler
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.alicegames.idle.rpg.battler

DEALERS ONLY SQUAD REFORGED - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kr.co.everyfun.ddd

Dragon Hunter Idle AFK RPG Raid
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.purplecow.dragonhunteridle

Duel Fanatic
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gp.zj.df

Dungeon & Alchemist - Incremental Idle Pixel RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.teemosoft.alchemist

Dungeon & Hunter  Legendary Archer Pixel Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.teemosoft.hunter

Dungeon Clash - 3D Idle RPG  Offline AFK Crawler
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.monstro.deadlyd

Dungeon Gates Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cabruncostudios.dungeongatesidle

Dungeon Knight 3D Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fireshrike.dk

Dungeoning Idle Dungeon Crawler
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gunslingerstudios.dungeoning

Dunidle AFK Idle Pixel RPG Heroes Dungeon Games
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=aratnon.pixel.idle.dungeon.dunidle

Ego Sword - Idle Cliker RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.betdon.egosword

Endless Frontier - Online Idle RPG Game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ekkorr.endlessfrontier.global

Endless Knight - Epic tiny idle clicker RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sugart.endlessknight

Endless Quest Hades Blade - Free idle RPG Games
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sheregame.hadesblade

Endless World - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.indie.edw.google.gl

Epic Fantasy
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.cravemob.epicfantasy

Epic Summoners Hero Legends - Fun Free Idle Game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.feelingtouch.idl

Eternal Seed (Incremental Idle Defence RPG)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.SephinTertiary.TheCove

Everybody's RPG Reborn
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nomadgames.everybodyrpgreborn

Everybody's RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nomadgames.everybodyrpgpay

Evolution Hero - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew.evolutionhero

EZ PZ RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nuclear.qmwow.platform.r2game

EZPZ Saga - Chilled IDLE Fantasy
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ltgames.android.acw

Fantasy Tales - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.captains.ft

Fantasy world PC bang  Idle RPG & Clicker
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dejavustudio.AnotherWorld

Fighting Girl idle Game - Clicker RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gbgames.breaking

Final Castle Defence  Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gdx.dh.game.sdefence

Firestone Heroes
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lovegolabs.idle

Firestone Idle RPG Tap Hero Wars
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.HolydayStudios.Firestone

Forest Spirit - Unfolding Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.inmobile.forestspirit

Gachi in Space IDLE RPG - Gachimuchi
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ChillAproachTeam.GachiinSpace

Ghost Hunter - idle rpg (Premium)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew1853.stealerg

Goddess Legion Silver Lining - AFK RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.oversea.cdbf.goddesslegion

Grow SwordMaster - Idle Action Rpg
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pixelstar.gsm

Grow Titan  Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dreamplay.titanmaker.google

Guardians defense  IDLE RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.H4NDAL.Defense

Guild Masters Offline RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.BaronnerieGames.Guildmasters

Hammer Hero - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.poomgames.hammerhero

Hamster Hero & The Tower of Magic - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fungry.infinitytower

Hero Knights (idle RPG) (1001699)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew1853.stealerh

Hero Knights (idle RPG)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew1853.stealerhfree

Hero Summoner - Free Idle Game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.loongcheer.heroes.summoner.idle.gooogle.free.en

Hero Tale - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.weirdjohnny.idle.rpg

Hero's Quest Automatic Roguelite RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mbs.hqautorpg

Heroes Legend - Idle Battle War
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mgif.heroeslegend.idlebattle.action.rpg

Heroes War - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bbullegames.bbullewarclickerglobal

HeroShip - Adventure Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.playhardlab.heroship.aos

Historical Heroes  3D Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hello5.sam

Hito Odyssey Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.WaouhGames.HitoOdyssey

Hunter Legend  Chaos dungeons - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dhyo.shadow

Idle Adventure
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.PacmenCo.IdleAdventure

Idle Angels
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mujoysg.hxbb

Idle Apocalypse
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.grumpyrhinogames.idleapocalypse

Idle Armies
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.grumpyrhinogames.idlearmies

Idle Bounty Adventures
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.postphysical.idle.bounty.rpg.battle

IDLE Death Knight - AFK RPG, idle games
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.neowiz.game.dk.global

Idle Defence Arena
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kr.co.billionairegames.ida

Idle Demon King 2
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.co.exe_777.HouchiMaou2

Idle Devils
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gametaiwan.ibd

Idle Dungeon - Adventurer Tycoon
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Gamewolf.IdleRPG

IDLE DUNGEON
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.studio8zero.idledungeon

Idle Dungeons
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lemonjamgames.idledungeon

Idle Fantasy  Merge clicker RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.enpv1.idle.google

Idle Gangster
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.amebaplatform.streetgangster

IDLE GOG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fzmlolgoogle.gw

Idle Guardians Never Die
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.superplanet.idleguardians

Idle Guardians Offline Idle RPG Games
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bladefirestudios.idleguardians

Idle Hero Battle - Dungeon Master
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cookapps.idleherobattlesl

Idle Heroes
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.droidhang.ad

Idle Heros
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lazygame.gjybt

Idle Hunters free AFK games online - Battle Arena
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fungames.idlehunters

Idle Knights
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobirix.idleknights

Idle Legend- 3D Auto Battle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.droidhen.idlechess

Idle LegendsJadilah Summoner Terkuat
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.eyougame.idil

Idle Master 3D- Idle, Afk & Raid
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hywx.idle3d

Idle Merge Heroes
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ncroquis.idletankheroes

Idle Mine RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.IronHorseGames.IdleMineRPG

Idle Monster Frontier - team rpg collecting game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.ironhorsegames.idle_monster_frontier

Idle Necromancer
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.goathamster.idlenecromancer

Idle Ninja Online - AFK RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.puzzlemonsters.growninja

Idle Quest Heroes
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.chargedmonkey.idlequestheroesepicdungeonrpg

Idle RPG - Hero Grow
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aboutgames.com.unity.idlerpg.mobile2D

Idle RPG - The Game is Bugged!
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.maf.tilerpg

Idle Skilling - Pocket RPG Tycoon
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lavaflame.IdleSkilling

Idle Souls - Immortal Heroes in Exile
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ruloistudios.idledungeoncrawler

Idle Summoner  Grand Battle
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lemonjamgames.idlehero

Idle Sword 2 Incremental Dungeon Crawling RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.com.ironhorse.idlesword2mobile

Idle Tap Pirates - Offline RPG Incremental Clicker
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.generagames.tap.pirates.idle

Idle Undead Beauty - Idle offline rpg games
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=offline.cool.idle.rpg.top.undead

Idle War Legendary Heroes
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.idle.heroes.war

Idle Warrior Tales Offline RPG Games AFK Battle
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kybs.RPGIDLEWarriors

Idle Wasteland RPG Survival
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ironhorsegames.idlewasteland

IdleOn! - Idle Game MMO
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lavaflame.MMO

Immortal Legend Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.legend.vertical.rpg.global

Infinite Arena - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tanchogames.infinitearena

Infinite Dungeons( Clicker  Idle RPG )
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rogames.infinitedungeons

Infinite Heroes
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hn.yd.android.gw.en

Infinity Heroes  Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.magicfind.infinityfree

Infinity Heroes VIP  Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.magicfind.infinity

Infinity Legends:idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ipreto.android.infinitylegends

Inifinity ArenaIdle RPG & Multiplayer TD Strategy
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dgames.infinityarena

Job Hunt Heroes  Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.foursgames.idlegame

Kinda Heroes RPG Rescue the Princess!
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kindaheroes

Kingdom Battle - Rise of the Mercenary King (Idle)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kb_global.omona

Kingdom of Heroes Season 2  The Broken King
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.neowiz.game.koh.global

Knight War Idle Defense
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobicom.defenderking

Last Ninja Idle Adventure
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cocogame.shiq

Legacy of Legends - Best Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.FunFinery.LegacyOfLegends

Legend of Heroes  Eternal Wars
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=rpg.anime.legendofheroes

Legend of the cartoon - idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew1853.cartoontownfree

Leturn - RPG Offline Idle Defense
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nijigames.leturn

Level Up - Idle + Merge RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.enmany.levelup

LevelUp RPG 2D
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.YSK.LVUPpoket

Luna Storia RE
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.runewaker.lunaex

Magic Revenge:Casual IDLE RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tojoy.magicrevenge

Maid Heroes - Idle Game RPG with Incremental
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.evrac.maidheroes

Masketeers  Idle Has Fallen
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appxplore.masketeers

Mayhem Arena  Mass Idle Auto Battler RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cofagames.mayhem

Melvor Idle - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.malcs.melvoridle

Merge Zombie  idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Mergezombie.idleRPG.ioigames

Mid Age Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bienem.ramo

Mine Legend 2 - Idle Miner RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.HandDown.MineLegendary

Mobile Legends Adventure
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.moonton.mobilehero

Moonlight Quest Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mbs.moonlightidle

Nonstop Knight - Offline Idle RPG Clicker
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.koplagames.kopla01

Nordicandia Semi Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.IterativeStudios.Nordicandia

Olympus Idle Legends
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gametaiwan.oil

OverGeared RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.BIGBUGER.OverGeared

Path of Idling Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.SmoothDev.PathofIdling

Pixel Blade Revolution - Offline Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pixelstar.pbr

Pixel World Adventure Offline Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.RPGLoverStudio.AdventureIdle

Pow Pow Dungeon  Idle
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.linktown.powpowgirl

Quest 4 Fuel Arena Idle RPG game auto battles
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.evilzeppelin.quest4fuel.arena.rpg

Raid the Dungeon  Idle RPG Heroes AFK games
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=kr.co.questgames.druwadungeonag

Real Collect RPG - Hero Idle RPG Game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wmgstudio.ci

ReArcher - Idle Anime RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.RecastGames.ReArcher

Rebirth King  IDLE RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.thunder.rebirthking.idlerpg.endless.fast.incremental.inflation.idle.rpg.google

Resolute Hero RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.GeometricApplications.ResoluteHeroRPG

Retro Hero Mr Kim  Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.maf.moneyhero

Retro Rpg Clicker Tap Hero Adventure
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.MallardInteractive.RetroRpgClicker

ReWorld  Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.smilecookie.reworld

Rise of the Necromancer - Idle AFK RPG Games
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.GloomyLightStudio.RiseoftheNecromancer

Rogue Idle RPG Epic Dungeon Battle
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cookapps.rogueidle

Rogue Ninja - Tap Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.justicesoft.ninjab

RPG Clicker
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.epicpixel.rpgclicker

RPG Quest 2 Revisited
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.redironlabs.rpgquestreloaded

Runelords Arena Tactical Hero Combat IDLE RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.c4.oversea.and.mszq

Samurai Kazuya  Idle Tap RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dreamplay.samuraikazuya.google

Secret Tower 500F (Super fast growing idle RPG)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.nextdoors.tower

Secret Tower VIP (Super fast growing idle RPG)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=me.nextdoors.towervip

Semi Heroes Idle & Clicker Adventure - RPG Tycoon
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.redantz.game.semiheroes

Shelter Zero IDLE Angel Saga
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Cwave.shelterzero.aos

Simple RPG - Idle Tap Adventure!
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.topcog.simplerpg

Skill Quest - Idle Skilling RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.abexlry.idle

Skull Arena Idle Hero RPG Game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.peoplug.skullarena

Slayer Scape 2 - Idle Incremental RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.TorusDonut.SlayerScape2

Slime Evolutionary Path - Strategy idle game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.gugames.slimeevolution

Slime RPG 2 - 2D Pixel Dungeon
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wmgstudio.sr2

Soul Saver Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.funigloo.honm

SoulHunt Idle
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Chambel.se.SoulHuntIdle

Spell Chainer  Magic Spell Collecting TCG RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.betterturtle.spellchainer

Spirit Heroes - Online RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.DidOne

Sudden Assassin (Tap RPG)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew.heroassassin

Summon Age Heroes Idle RPG (5v5 Arena, AFK Game)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.gearage.summonage

Super Hero Tap Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.EvoGames.SuperHeroTap

Swarm of Destiny Fantasy World AfK Idle RPG Mix
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.idleghostgames.swarmofdestiny

Sword Fantasy Online - Anime RPG Action MMO
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.elysiumgames.swordfantasy

Sword Knights  Ghost Hunter (idle rpg)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew1853.stealergfree

Sword Knights  Idle RPG (Magic)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew.stealermagic

Sword Knights  Idle RPG (Premium)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew.stealerpremium

Sword Knights  Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew.stealer

Sword Master Story
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.superplanet.swordmaster

Tap Adventure Hero RPG Idle Monster Clicker
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fkgames.and.idle_fantasy_best_tap_rpg_clicker

Tap Dungeon HeroIdle Infinity RPG Game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sixmonkeys.tap.hero.idle.rpg.game

Tap Titans 2 Clicker RPG Game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gamehivecorp.taptitans2

Tap Town Premium (idle RPG) - Magic
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew.vip.herostores

Tap Wizard Idle Magic Quest
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.topcog.tapwizardrpgarcanequest

Taptap HeroesNew Pets
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.westbund.heros.en

TapTastic Heroes - Idle RPG Clicker Game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bgngames.taptastic

Taptic Heroes-Idle Tap RPG clicker games
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=tap.lords.royale

The Chest A Cursed Hero - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.superplanet.boxhero

The King's ArmyIdle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lp.tka

Time Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.SmoothDev.TimeIdleRPG

Tower of Farming - idle RPG (Soul Event)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew.vip.soul.farmingtower

Tower of Farming - idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.honeydew.farmingtower

Treasure Hunter Find the Legendary - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hitstudio.idle1

Trials of Heroes Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.game.idle.fantasy

Tribalpunk - AFK Tactical Heroes Adventure
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.antada.tribal.arena.idle.rpg

Ulala Idle Adventure
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.xdg.and.wll

Ultimate War - Free Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aig.ultimatewar

Unholy Dungeon
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.Tier4you.UnholyDungeon

Warrior Straight - Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.forestj.herostraight

Warship Legend Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.special.warshiplegend.idle.asia

Weapon Heroes  Infinity Forge(Idle RPG)
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gamepub.mc.g

Wizard's Wheel 2 Idle RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.WindingClock.WizardsWheel2

World of Heroes RPG Idle game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wakeappgames.worldofheroes.android

X-HERO Idle Avengers
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bc.avenger

XTeam - Idle Clicker RPG
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stormx.xteam

????-Magic Idle RPG Game
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.expedition.idlerpg.magicwar
Idle RPG Games