
1.  'Touch' from Natasha Bedingfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59qHohAiUM8

2.  6 things you didn't know about me - Natasha Bedingfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GRoWsAVhrJE

3.  Believer Imagine Dragons Cover - Andie Case & Natasha Bedingfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LP7IiPWB5fw

4.  Come with me on tour - Behind the scenes - Natasha Bedingfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQOM6gqkg0M

5.  Hey Boy - Natasha Bedingfield (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KqBJQv7GXE

6.  l.ahk
lll

7.  Lighthearted by Natasha Bedingfield (Official lyric video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iS71QxQ1xD8

8.  Mannequin Challenge - Natasha Bedingfield and NOTP Cast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OCYLXQAt3Q

9.  Meeting a the viral dancer @rony_boyy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7zTotCg51k

10.  Natasha & the VocalizeU App.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VtsH2-fHON8

11.  Natasha 'Less is More' Video Blog (Video 1) - Hyannis Port, MA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2znJZoq3P8

12.  Natasha 'Less is More' Video Blog (Video 2) - Somerville, MA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbuhHqu8GlQ

13.  Natasha 'Less is More' Video Blog (Video 3) -- Portland, OR.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpoQ6yKG8qY

14.  Natasha 'Less is More' Video Blog (Video 4) -- Alexandria, VA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efsPk1Mql5U

15.  Natasha 'Less is More' Video Blog (Video 5) -- Atlanta, GA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dafTQA3kB8Y

16.  Natasha Bedingfield & VocalizeU App.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgpPlUyZbI0

17.  Natasha Bedingfield 'Strip Me' Video Teaser!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=de4dmRyCcYg

18.  Natasha Bedingfield 'Touch' Video Fun Outtakes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sIXVr7u7vtY

19.  Natasha Bedingfield - 'Let Go' (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMIzd2e_k4E

20.  Natasha Bedingfield - 'Love Looks Like' (Acoustic Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BUXdeZB4Jzc

21.  Natasha Bedingfield - 'Shake Up Christmas' [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LhEjRoAIsMI

22.  Natasha Bedingfield - 2010 Red Carpet Interview (American Music Awards).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsygQY1rK7Q

23.  Natasha Bedingfield - All I Need (Official Less Is More Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7FAPT9VpC8

24.  Natasha Bedingfield - Angel (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NS_amwE0XxQ

25.  Natasha Bedingfield - Can't Fall Down (Official Less Is More Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71jZQ71Kvnk

26.  Natasha Bedingfield - Christmas Message.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpR0zsIZLIo

27.  Natasha Bedingfield - Hope (Acoustic).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5iUGsITK6g

28.  Natasha Bedingfield - Hope.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9eqk7Z1O3M

29.  Natasha Bedingfield - I Bruise Easily (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHl0zbEkOuI

30.  Natasha Bedingfield - I Bruise Easily (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAOdlgFJDAI

31.  Natasha Bedingfield - Kick It (Acoustic).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmWbfqN24AY

32.  Natasha Bedingfield - Kick It (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsojJdjILiI

33.  Natasha Bedingfield - Kick It (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uolB1Mz0GcE

34.  Natasha Bedingfield - Lighthearted (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTbvxtgjZ-c

35.  Natasha Bedingfield - Lighthearted (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rd7nKbhxr_c

36.  Natasha Bedingfield - Little Too Much (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKOOiUi7_PA

37.  Natasha Bedingfield - Love Like This (Official Music Video) ft. Sean Kingston.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPTZVmJrIpo

38.  Natasha Bedingfield - New Album Message.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZTn01deN0M

39.  Natasha Bedingfield - Pocketful of Sunshine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gte3BoXKwP0

40.  Natasha Bedingfield - Recover (Official Less Is More Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbCVcPst6J4

41.  Natasha Bedingfield - Roller Skate (Acoustic).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-K-GGYtQvU

42.  Natasha Bedingfield - Roller Skate (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bnFPIJWk6s

43.  Natasha Bedingfield - Run-Run-Run (Official Less Is More Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwwLLT120vk

44.  Natasha Bedingfield - Say It Again (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKQ4b-VfGXA

45.  Natasha Bedingfield - Shake Up Christmas 2011 (Official Coca-Cola Christmas Song) (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_DnyvNg-Vg

46.  Natasha Bedingfield - Single (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AwaA85nEbE

47.  Natasha Bedingfield - Single.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C10nyfxmyRM

48.  Natasha Bedingfield - Soulmate (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P27MPi3ZhCg

49.  Natasha Bedingfield - Strip Me (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkdDbeM7RnU

50.  Natasha Bedingfield - Strip Me (Official Less Is More Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsHU1F4P5zk

51.  Natasha Bedingfield - Strip Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnhDIGTldho

52.  Natasha Bedingfield - The Making of Roll With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zxjtdHDJtc

53.  Natasha Bedingfield - These Words (1005969).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5RuGj0g1tk

54.  Natasha Bedingfield - These Words (Official Director's Cut).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXwlB-ZIhgk

55.  Natasha Bedingfield - These Words (US Version) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWako3_ENlk

56.  Natasha Bedingfield - These Words.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6o4x7JlwRw

57.  Natasha Bedingfield - Touch (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOa4axPVHEc

58.  Natasha Bedingfield - Unwritten (2019 Remix) - The Hills Theme Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gYT4DHl1FA

59.  Natasha Bedingfield - Unwritten (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxHdXkYTgoc

60.  Natasha Bedingfield - Unwritten (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFFBSSntZgs

61.  Natasha Bedingfield - Unwritten (US Version) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7k0a5hYnSI

62.  Natasha Bedingfield - Weightless (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wd_0A7keCY8

63.  Natasha Bedingfield - Weightless (Official Less Is More Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUxLeytLHVk

64.  Natasha Bedingfield - Wild Horses (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xsCONzzTRw

65.  Natasha Bedingfield in India part four.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rw2-XyzE9P0

66.  Natasha Bedingfield in Las Vegas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GKASZ5IRZA

67.  Natasha Bedingfield in New York City.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tZ-PA75QkS8

68.  Natasha Bedingfield in San Francisco.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fh-Sum3k9SI

69.  Natasha Bedingfield in Wichita, KS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wgyxp9hVZYM

70.  Natasha Bedingfield Opens Up Her New Album STRIP ME.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXO1UAmvkgc

71.  Natasha Bedingfield Takes You on a Tour of LA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNM2gLVe_as

72.  Natasha Bedingfield – Mashup (To The Beat with Kurt Hugo Schneider).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_P5d8zeods0

73.  Natasha Bedingfield's 'Strip Me' Single is Out This Week!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InQEmpfKTcU

74.  Natasha Bedingfield's Best Outfit Bday Collection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZ6rEa76mgI

75.  Natasha Christma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yr9Y9Q0JkjQ

76.  Natasha Warms Up with VocalizeU App.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0X1wCnZmOr8

77.  Nivea Happy Sensation - 'Touch' Commercial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDygd6xhNZA

78.  Scars to your beautiful - Alessia Cara cover - Cimorelli & Natasha Bedingfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So5zHQrWXAE

79.  Shake Up Christmas 2011 (Official Coca-Cola Christmas Song) (Live From New York).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIdXPl-Vi6M

80.  Something Just Like This - Coldplay cover - Natasha Bedingfield & Mackenzie Johnson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFA4ALx1B9g

81.  Sprite Refreshing Films Trailer - feat. Natasha Bedingfield 'Weightless'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-X6V075TRtQ

82.  Together In This (From The Jungle Beat Motion Picture) [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUH8lbh8jAQ

83.  Treat you better, Shawn Mendes cover - Natasha Bedingfield & Mariana Vega.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qzS1fDiCeQ

84.  Unwritten - Acoustic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7BnxJERlwU
Natasha Bedingfield