
1.  Air Supply - All Out Of Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWdZEumNRmI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

2.  Air Supply - Even The Nights Are Better.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRx58DgOxeg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

3.  Air Supply - Lost In Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bG_zk6FwU0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

4.  Air Supply - Making Love Out Of Nothing At All.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogoIxkPjRts&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

5.  Air Supply - The One That You Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nY31ZH6hAFI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

6.  Alphaville - Forever Young (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oNjQXmoxiQ8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

7.  Berlin - Take My Breath Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx51eegLTY8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

8.  Bruce Springsteen - I'm On Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrpXArn3hII&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

9.  Bruce Springsteen - Tougher Than the Rest (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_91hNV6vuBY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

10.  Bryan Adams - Heaven (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6TtwR2Dbjg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

11.  Bryan Adams - Straight From The Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ebtjgK8NNU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

12.  Chicago - Hard To Say I'm SorryGet Away (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EORSLz0_BRU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

13.  Chicago - You're the Inspiration (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRfy1yorkec&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

14.  Christopher Cross -Sailling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzgQoGvSKA4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

15.  Corey Hart - Never Surrender (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4pg6Jh94Lo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

16.  Crowded House - Don't Dream It's Over (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9gKyRmic20&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

17.  Cyndi Lauper - Time After Time (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdQY7BusJNU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

18.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - Maneater (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yRYFKcMa_Ek&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

19.  Dire Straits - Brothers In Arms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhdFe3evXpk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

20.  Duran Duran - Hungry like the Wolf (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJL-lCzEXgI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

21.  Elton John - Sacrifice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrLkTZrPZA4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

22.  Eric Carmen - Hungry Eyes (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ssCL292DQA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

23.  Fleetwood Mac - Everywhere (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YF1R0hc5Q2I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

24.  Foreigner - I Want To Know What Love Is (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3Pr1_v7hsw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

25.  George Michael - One More Try.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bG5N3GC-m20&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

26.  Guns N' Roses - Patience.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErvgV4P6Fzc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

27.  Heart - These Dreams (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41P8UxneDJE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

28.  John Waite - Missing You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9e157Ner90&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

29.  Journey - Faithfully (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMD8hBsA-RI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

30.  Lionel Richie - Hello (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHONNcZbwDY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

31.  Martika - Toy Soldiers (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvdLovAaYzM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

32.  Michael Bolton - How Am I Supposed To Live Without You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFood_bTOX4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

33.  Mike + The Mechanics - The Living Years (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hr64MxYpgk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

34.  Mr. Mister - Broken Wings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKhN1t_7PEY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

35.  Patrick Swayze - She's Like The Wind ft. Wendy Fraser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU9p1WRfA9w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

36.  Patti LaBelle - On My Own (Official Music Video) ft. Michael McDonald.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsH63qJlIMM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

37.  Paul Young - Everytime You Go Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfk6sCzRTbM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

38.  peter cetera - glory of love (Video Official) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQHhqDRn4_c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

39.  Phil Collins - Another Day In Paradise (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qt2mbGP6vFI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

40.  Phil Collins - In The Air Tonight (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkADj0TPrJA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

41.  Phil Collins - One More Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKVq-P3z5Vg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

42.  REO Speedwagon - Can't Fight This Feeling (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpOULjyy-n8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

43.  REO Speedwagon - Keep on Loving You (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJzNZ1c5C9c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

44.  Richard Marx - Endless Summer Nights (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NvsMKYgCsM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

45.  Richard Marx - Right Here Waiting (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_E2EHVxNAE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

46.  Roxette - It Must Have Been Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2C5TjS2sh4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

47.  Roxette - Listen To Your Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCC_b5WHLX0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

48.  Starship - Sara (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32ScTb6_KHg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

49.  The Alan Parsons Project- Eye in the Sky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NNiie_zmSr8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

50.  The Bangles - Eternal Flame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSoOFn3wQV4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

51.  The Cars - Drive (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuZA6qiJVfU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

52.  The Moody Blues - Your Wildest Dreams (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmmPFrkuPq0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

53.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

54.  Toto - Africa (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

55.  Tracy Chapman - Fast Car (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AIOAlaACuv4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd

56.  Waiting for a Girl like You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIdfPBmUAXc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlAOtE-GpFfDm8C2RGCTFsqd
80s Soft Rock Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1980's Soft Rock Songs