
1. Blue Swede - Hooked on a Feeling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrI-UBIB8Jk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

500 miles away from home , The kingston trio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTvGJkv2MQw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

A Horse With No Name - America (Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpSdePGgVyQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

A Horse with No Name
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSZXWdKSQNM&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Ace (with Paul Carrack) - How Long • TopPop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DP5DflRasOk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Ain't No Sunshine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PeyzXvvdmw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Al Wilson - Show And Tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItgAlRuafaU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Albert Hammond - It Never Rains In Southern California (1973) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gmq4WIjQxp0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

America - A horse with no name (clip HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tm4BrZjY_Sg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

America - Sister Golden Hair (HQ Original)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIycEe59Auc&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

And When I Die
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la9Iy0RTvCI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Andy Kim - Rock Me Gently
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ym3RlvVR9M&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

B. J. Thomas Hooked on a Feeling (James, 1968) - Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wqt_iZBvtCo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Badfinger - Day After Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVnFJzggLHo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

BARRY WHITE & Love Unlimited Orchestra - Love's Theme
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YS7sWCG_ZE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Barry White - Can't get enough of your love baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypyiAT1RelU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Beach Boys - Wouldn't It Be Nice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZBKFoeDKJo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

BECAUSE--THE DAVE CLARK FIVE (NEW ENHANCED RECORDING) 720P (1157431)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpKWpUJybng&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

BECAUSE--THE DAVE CLARK FIVE (NEW ENHANCED RECORDING) 720P
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpKWpUJybng&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Bee Gees  - Massachusetts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k7_gMwufFVo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Bee Gees Massachusetts 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xk9bmuncB4Q&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Best of Brake Check Gone Wrong (Insurance Scam) & Instant Karma 2019 Road Rage, Crashes Compilation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_TS5GsCxAOs&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Bill Withers - Ain't No Sunshine (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuKfiH0Scao&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Bill Withers - Lean on Me (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOZgo8gMIoM&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

BJ Thomas - Hooked On A Feeling  [HQ Audio]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLRH4R1UqZo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Bobby Darin - Dream Lover
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVHAQX5sSaU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Bread - Make it with you (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0KXV0gB0dw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Carly Simon - You're So Vain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQZmCJUSC6g&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Carole King - It's Too Late (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkKxmnrRVHo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Charlie Rich - The Most Beautiful Girl (Audio) (1732500)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLbGeZSUrhg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Charlie Rich - The Most Beautiful Girl (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLbGeZSUrhg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Classics IV - Spooky (studio version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5IUxtiweLw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Classics IV - Stormy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=18Sua_QTDs0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Crimson and Clover - Tommy James & The Shondells
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpGEeneO-t0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Crystal Blue Persuasion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mKMdJEiS5qo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Dancing in the Moonlight (Original Recording) - King Harvest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5JqPxmYhlo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

DAVID CASSIDY ~ I THINK I LOVE YOU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2r9UtIhOI8M&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Diamond Girl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H1676D9s1p0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Diana Ross & The Supremes - Someday We'll Be Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXGz8i0I2L0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Dionne Warwick  I'll Never Love This Way Again (ORIGINAL)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LO9NP-SiT8s&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Dionne Warwick I Say A Little Prayer 1967 Original Million Seller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kafVkPxjLYg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Do You Believe in Magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=451m6-oil94&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Do You KNow the Way to San Jose by Dionne Warwick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqWt49o7R-k&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Dobie gray- drift away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gr_eVcCAUXo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

DON GIBSON  Sea Of Heartbreak
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4bo4ByFhLM&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Don't Let the Sun Catch You Crying - Gerry and The Pacemakers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKta_gRc2gA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Dusty Springfield - The Look of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tf1d65OHYXo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Dusty Springfield ~ Wishin' and hopin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbAoOeXC2Sg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Everybody Plays the Fool (1496810)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPeHHpXOOds&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Everybody Plays the Fool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7i72cbo_qdg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Everything I Own - Bread.wmv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2i43aAn2rq8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Gary Puckett - Lady Willpower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1CLjF8Q8xo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Gary Puckett and The Union Gap  Woman,Woman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nNXi66N2oc&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

George Harrison-Give Me Love (Give Me Peace On Earth)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-KAvPbO8JY&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Get Ready - Rare Earth - 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N5M_E56pvE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Get Together  - The Youngbloods - with lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBJYxPN8qIA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Gordon Lightfoot - If You Could Read My Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5tr_L31StI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Green Fields - Brothers Four (CD Quality)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46o1joHp7t0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Hamilton, Joe Frank & Reynolds - Don't Pull Your Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vkdzBSuyUg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Hamilton, Joe Frank & Reynolds - Fallin' In Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0sTpZja6JQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Happy Together - The Turtles (1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZEURntrQOg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Happy Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqZ6sRHpWIk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Hold On, I'm Comin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NigxFjKYH14&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

How Can You Mend a Broken Heart - The Bee Gees (Lyrics on screen)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8QUX8fJ40RA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

I Only Want to Be with You     Dusty Springfield
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osVaF4t-zFc&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

I'd Love to Change the World -  Alvin Lee & Ten Years After
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSYFJB7o9ZQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

I'll never fall in love again - Dionne Warwick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzQBOBoPg04&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

I'm a Believer - The Monkees
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wB9YIsKIEbA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Jay & The Americans Come A Little Bit Closer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuWkVqum6a8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Jimmy Ruffin - What Becomes of the Brokenhearted (HQ)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cQywZYoGB1g&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Johnny Rivers - Summer Rain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xa9vWVEYojg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Killing Me Softly (Roberta Flack)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMzzw6IXH1s&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Killing Me Softly With His Song  Roberta Flack  Lyrics ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgl-VRdXr7I&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Linda Ronstadt - Long Long Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0qm8nq8RcA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

LINDA RONSTADT - You’re No Good  REACTION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Myy6YGLdic8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Looking Glass - Brandy (You're a Fine Girl) (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DVx8L7a3MuE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Lulu - To Sir With Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOVQ4vAmM7Y&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Mama Told Me (Not To Come)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9DZvJQ0PTEg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye  -   Steam -   1969
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZkYGcz1DgI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Neil Diamond Cracklin Rosie 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGemtjVtfZM&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Neil Sedaka - Laughter In The Rain [w lyrics]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCusyLPrFCo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Neil Young - Heart Of Gold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eh44QPT1mPE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Oliver  - Good Morning Starshine (1924411)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whmzEXywq40&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Oliver  - Good Morning Starshine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whmzEXywq40&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

One Is The Loneliest Number - Three Dog Night (Lyrics) (1420121)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5ab8BOu4LE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

One Is The Loneliest Number - Three Dog Night (Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5ab8BOu4LE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

One Less Bell To Answer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBrbu7PvMU0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Orleans - Still The One (Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5aMMRes2u4&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Paul McCartney - My Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKuFyHwG188&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Paul Simon - Kodachrome (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rlDTK6QI-w&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Paul Simon - Loves Me Like a Rock (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjFzw8AxSBA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Paul Simon - Mother and Child Reunion (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0BUsDf0dxY&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Peter, Paul & Mary  Where Have All The Flowers Gone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmBLSGy6g58&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

R.I.P. Scott Walker The Walker Brothers - The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q11ium_-Lv8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Rare Earth - I Just Want To Celebrate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXKTahefBFA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Redbone - Come and Get Your Love (Single Edit - Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bc0KhhjJP98&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Redbone - Come And Get Your Love - LIVE 1974 The Midnight Special (Guardians Of The Galaxy)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj0drevGOgA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Ringo Starr - It Don't Come Easy (Official Video) [HD]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvEexTomE1I&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Ringo Starr It Don't Come Easy (Starr, 1971)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anpjEN9KeJ0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Roberta Flack  Donny Hathaway - Where is the Love  (1972)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZcHPNUN-U8E&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Sam and Dave - Hold on I'm coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AREppyQf5uw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Sara Smile
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShbxoSvHTaw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Sealed with a Kiss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DMzpvZEuQc&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Seals & Crofts - Summer Breeze - (Rare Studio TV - 1972) - Bubblerock - HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2zNfLEb904&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

SECRET AGENT MAN--JOHNNY RIVERS (NEW ENHANCED VERSION) HDAUDIO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oo9k83jhFf4&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

She's Not There
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3f33ZUM1RjM&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Shocking Blue - Venus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2a5AICDKs7g&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Simon & Garfunkel  El Condor Pasa (1970)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pey29CLID3I&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Simon & Garfunkel - A Hazy Shade Of Winter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnZdlhUDEJo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Simon & Garfunkel - Scarborough Fair (Full Version) Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BakWVXHSug&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Simon & Garfunkel - The Sounds of Silence (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fWyzwo1xg0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Sister Golden Hair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKuz27nkDEs&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Smiling Faces Sometimes - The Undisputed Truth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3wfsbTvk_s&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Sooner Or Later
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTQEmDb7nNs&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Spinning Wheel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbRR0WjMqEk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Spooky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SK9U43Jp_VE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Stampeders - Sweet City Woman (1971 - HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CPt3eSBJiQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Stormy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XrWESC7dsA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Summer Breeze
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr5OxBv-laQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Sundown
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MeRlumGqZlY&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Suspicious Mind - Elvis Presley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBmAPYkPeYU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Sweet City Woman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2icQ8AI258&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Taming The Tongue   James 31-12  Pastor John Miller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVzfLA2jgEk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Classics IV - Traces of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBv6ou7mywI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

THE COWSILLS I LOVE THE FLOWER GIRL -OFFICIALLY TITLED THE RAIN, THE PARK AND OTHER THINGS.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZMc0-ZAUeY&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Dramatics - Whatcha See is Whatcha Get (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgG6SU8L-dI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Fifth Dimension - Aquarius - Let The Sunshine In - Bubblerock Promo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oPK7ZF6jfJE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Grass Roots - I'd Wait A Million Years - [STEREO]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8F7LtzeQEE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Grass Roots- Sooner or Later
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cnCEvGrj3M&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Guess Who - These Eyes (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcLdbsrSngA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Guess Who - These Eyes (Lyrics on screen)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJmYUmrnP0o&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

THE KINGSTON TRIO ~ Where Have All The Flowers Gone ~
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=55FZnYhCM-Y&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Lovin' Spoonful - You Didn't Have to Be so Nice (Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BIM579H-f7Y&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Mamas & the Papas - California Dreamin' (1008697)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhZULM69DIw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Mamas & The Papas - California Dreamin'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-aK6JnyFmk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Mamas And The Papas - California Dreamin'. Audio Gold Song ful HD.mp4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kcmwXUdDCE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Monkees - Daydream Believer (Official Music Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvqeSJlgaNk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Poor Side Of Town
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAI24i825_E&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Rubberband Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSMVflSBKx8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Seekers - Georgy Girl (1967 - Stereo)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsIbfYEizLk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Seekers - I'll Never Find Another You (HQ Stereo, 1964'68)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZf41UudAbI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Spinners - I'll Be Around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojCikI9npJQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Turtles -  Happy Together 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oi_3UMhZ1UI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Turtles - Happy Together - 1967
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRCe5L1imxg&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Undisputed Truth - Smiling Faces Sometimes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GXSHRJYxTQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald - Gordon Lightfoot (HD w Lyrics)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vST6hVRj2A&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

There Goes Another Love Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nE5e_e3Y4A&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

These Eyes (Remastered)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARoqKjb3lWo&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

These Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GADRQjY9PEQ&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Those Were The Days
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QO9A9u4GyGc&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Three Dog Night - Mama told me not to come 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKaQzQAlNn4&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Time of the Season
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9B1vwAO-JWw&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

To Sir With Love (2002 Remastered Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kE3OpWcD_fM&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Tom Jones - It's Not Unusual (HQ Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQLdUDEb8E0&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Treat Her Like A Lady
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6_PmccPnJU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Van Morrison - Brown Eyed Girl (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfmkgQRmmeE&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Van Morrison - Moondance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lFxGBB4UGU&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Vehicle - The Ides Of March 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B0EL7fjfeE8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Ventura Highway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnV7dTXlXxs&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

What The World Needs Now Is Love  Dionne Warwick
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cW8Alo_5uI&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Where Have All The Flowers Gone (Remastered)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkTXcwc3zvk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Windy (Remastered Version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUv9OK4KUv8&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

WOMAN, WOMAN GARY PUCKETT and the Union Gap ~ 1968
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hyJDLyUAoc&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

You're No Good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ysu2aUCwgk&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

You're so Vain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cleCtBP0o5Y&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

You've Made Me so Very Happy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPmtEjnlXjA&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Young Girl - Gary Puckett And The Union Gap (1191526)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn0ZJHVH17I&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Young Girl - Gary Puckett And The Union Gap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hn0ZJHVH17I&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi

Young Rascals - How Can I Be Sure  (1967)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuKeSUUK-A4&list=PLcjyPPePIwLm_jTtdYG9-XTzPAq2zZvUi
Radio Hits of the 60's -70's