
1.  Art Talk - How To Deal With Negative Comments Online  Sketchbook Sunday #56.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k57XQsqGTrg&pp=sAQA

2.  Basics of Color Mixing  Oil Painting For Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrY0m2d9b6Q&pp=sAQA

3.  Cozy drawing day in my studio  Sketchbook Sunday #57.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TsoTwwBPjKg&pp=sAQA

4.  How to Paint a Candle in Oils  Oil Painting for Beginners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2Fe7QZu-2g&pp=sAQA

5.  I dropped out of college to pursue art  Sketchbook Sunday #55.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1q9gu7d2HbQ&pp=sAQA

6.  I Made 31 Oil Paintings in 31 Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBDl9L-ySME&pp=sAQA

7.  I Painted a Magnified Eye  Oil Painting Time Lapse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OUFJaawhdek&pp=sAQA

8.  I Painted a Rainy City  Oil Painting Time Lapse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkYAieDRLrs&pp=sAQA

9.  I painted a video game character  Oil Painting Time Lapse.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1JQxAWQKuX0&pp=sAQA

10.  I painted myself underwater  Oil Painting Time Lapse  Realistic Underwater Scene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ludM-0QgTWQ&pp=sAQA

11.  I turned a basic room into an art studio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb5arUatAdc&pp=sAQA

12.  It took me 2 years to finish this artwork  Oil Painting Time Lapse  Realistic Water Portrait.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oI5JZP3OOV0&pp=sAQA

13.  New Water Paintings, Studio Update, Plein Air Fail  Lena's Art Diary #17.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cN828-UDZvI&pp=sAQA

14.  Oil Painting Portrait Time Lapse  Kat  +quick art chat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_vTQ6W8O-I&pp=sAQA

15.  Oil Painting Time Lapse  Late Summer Waters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CG7mNMwuMMo&pp=sAQA

16.  Oil Painting Time Lapse  Metamorphosis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bi9b4YGa0vE&pp=sAQA

17.  Oil Painting Time Lapse  Mountain Landscape (Where I Got Married!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wOKZAME44Yc&pp=sAQA

18.  Oil Painting Time Lapse  Ocean Wave Splash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uw4iu36FSMo&pp=sAQA

19.  Oil Painting Time Lapse  Secret Oasis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWqTLT4KOQY&pp=sAQA

20.  Oil Painting Time Lapse  Underwater Rose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzhkfLoFNK8&pp=sAQA

21.  Oil Painting Tutorial For Beginners  How to Paint Blossoms & Blurry Backgrounds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fU6uwGMNaU&pp=sAQA

22.  Oiltober Week 1  New oil painting every day of the month!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqNNyRA4tXU&pp=sAQA

23.  Oiltober Week 2  Daily Oil Painting Challenge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-8eFk4yGSU&pp=sAQA

24.  Oiltober Week 3  Painting Every Day  7 Paintings in 7 Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58S5O7xh1rc&pp=sAQA

25.  Oiltober Week 4  Oil Painting Every Day Of The Month.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dwcj82SyfGE&pp=sAQA

26.  Painting a cute lizard + Art Chat  Sketchbook Sunday #54.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7h98Xd4Sp8&pp=sAQA

27.  Painting Breonna Taylor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOYYUP5ESJg&pp=sAQA

28.  Pursuing an art career & how I was judged for it  Sketchbook Sunday #52.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8lNMR_iBrw&pp=sAQA

29.  Sketchbook Tour  Flip Through 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJHHcDnz9HA&pp=sAQA

30.  Sketching A Landscape & Rambling About Burnout  Sketchbook Sunday #53.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17Xeo1dy1k8&pp=sAQA
Lena Danya