
10 funniest TED Talks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/10_funniest_TED_Talks/10_funniest_TED_Talks.txt

10 Must see TED Talks for High Schoolers
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/10_Must_see_TED_Talks_for_High_Schoolers/10_Must_see_TED_Talks_for_High_Schoolers.txt

10 TED talks on best-practice performance management
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/10_TED_talks_on_best-practice_performanc/10_TED_talks_on_best-practice_performanc.txt

20 most popular TED talks ever
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/20_most_popular_TED_talks_ever/20_most_popular_TED_talks_ever.txt

9 TED talks to watch if you are in sales
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/9_TED_talks_to_watch_if_you_are_in_sales/9_TED_talks_to_watch_if_you_are_in_sales.txt

Best Ted Talks Ever Playlist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Best_Ted_Talks_Ever_Playlist/Best_Ted_Talks_Ever_Playlist.txt

Best Ted Talks lectures - life changing content
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Best_Ted_Talks_lectures_-_life_changing_/Best_Ted_Talks_lectures_-_life_changing_.txt

Brene Brown TED Talks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Brene_Brown_TED_Talks/Brene_Brown_TED_Talks.txt

Business
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Business/Business.txt

Deep studies of humanity
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Deep_studies_of_humanity/Deep_studies_of_humanity.txt

For the love of introverts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/For_the_love_of_introverts/For_the_love_of_introverts.txt

improve listening English skill with Ted talks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/improve_listening_English_skill_with_Ted/improve_listening_English_skill_with_Ted.txt

Math
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Math/Math.txt

Psychology TED Talks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Psychology_TED_Talks/Psychology_TED_Talks.txt

Sleeping with Science, a TED series
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Sleeping_with_Science,_a_TED_series/Sleeping_with_Science,_a_TED_series.txt

Small Thing Big Idea, a TED series
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Small_Thing_Big_Idea,_a_TED_series/Small_Thing_Big_Idea,_a_TED_series.txt

Talks that will make you think twice
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Talks_that_will_make_you_think_twice/Talks_that_will_make_you_think_twice.txt

Talks to remind you that your story isn’t over
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Talks_to_remind_you_that_your_story_isn’/Talks_to_remind_you_that_your_story_isn’.txt

Talks to watch before a job interview
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Talks_to_watch_before_a_job_interview/Talks_to_watch_before_a_job_interview.txt

Ted - ED KIDS
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Ted_-_ED_KIDS/Ted_-_ED_KIDS.txt

TED talks - American accents
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/TED_talks_-_American_accents/TED_talks_-_American_accents.txt

Ted Talks for Kids
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Ted_Talks_for_Kids/Ted_Talks_for_Kids.txt

TED talks for toddlers babies and parents
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/TED_talks_for_toddlers_babies_and_parent/TED_talks_for_toddlers_babies_and_parent.txt

TED Talks on Confidence & Self-Esteem
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/TED_Talks_on_Confidence_&_Self-Esteem/TED_Talks_on_Confidence_&_Self-Esteem.txt

TED Talks recommended by students, for students
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/TED_Talks_recommended_by_students,_for_s/TED_Talks_recommended_by_students,_for_s.txt

ted talks self improvement
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/ted_talks_self_improvement/ted_talks_self_improvement.txt

TED Talks Students Should Hear
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/TED_Talks_Students_Should_Hear/TED_Talks_Students_Should_Hear.txt

TED Talks- Bettering Communication In the Workplace
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/TED_Talks-_Bettering_Communication_In_th/TED_Talks-_Bettering_Communication_In_th.txt

The 20 Most-Watched TEDTalks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/The_20_Most-Watched_TEDTalks/The_20_Most-Watched_TEDTalks.txt

The Absolute Best TED talks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/The_Absolute_Best_TED_talks/The_Absolute_Best_TED_talks.txt

Thrifty TED Talks
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Thrifty_TED_Talks/Thrifty_TED_Talks.txt

Top 100 Best Ted Talks 2021 (And Other Educational Videos)
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Top_100_Best_Ted_Talks_2021_(And_Other_E/Top_100_Best_Ted_Talks_2021_(And_Other_E.txt

Truth, courage and solutions for the climate crisis
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Truth,_courage_and_solutions_for_the_cli/Truth,_courage_and_solutions_for_the_cli.txt

Why it's sometimes good to be bored
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Youtube/Talks/Ted_Talks/Why_it's_sometimes_good_to_be_bored/Why_it's_sometimes_good_to_be_bored.txt
Ted Talks