
' 101 . I Am Now'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kX4uUPwbieo

' ASTARIUS MIRACULII RAW' (Life Story).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aZCqvBjZKc

' DANCING WITH DIVINITY pt 2'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lniL64ldrhE

' Mass Reiki Sound & Prayer Transmission'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_Suphj8N_g

' TRIBAL CREATION '.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbjEQSRqpuU

'1st Webinar' replay 'ASCENDED LOVE' Live Stream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BT3spkEC7M

'2020 ACTIVATION MEDITATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUwCdlRqvtY

'2020 CRESCENDOlini Hip Hop'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELOtp0f6GTE

'2020 CRESCENDOlini' (activation code).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gW42D_7ODLs

'2020 CRESCENDOlini' hip hop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SpgksO92cM

'2020 HARMONICS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91LsR8-2trk

'2020 TRANSMISSIONS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INgcbxEtI9Q

'2020 VORTEX INNER VISION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFXX17xL-uQ

'7 KEYS to PROSPERITY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfib462qlQM

'A MYSTICAL EXPERIENCE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZTvSKRvE5ik

'ABSOLUTENESS pt 1'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4IlBXM7mLI

'ABSOLUTENESS pt 2'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zf4BvJeggc

'ABSOLUTENESS pt 3'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3o1pLN2NMo

'ABUNDANCE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wof0jNG-Nyk

'Affirmation Power pt 1'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMygbmFvbxQ

'AFFIRMATION POWER pt 2'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S73ks0Icf7s

'ALCHEMY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sn_Cw2W1QG0

'ALL LOVE is yOUR Love'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ha4wxUvvCco

'Allowing ABUNDANCE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-MGcc6u3Js

'AMAZING CREATOR' (Awaken your Inner Creative Power).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qj-AwfbUKoc

'AMAZING CREATOR'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZM4_hANQ31A

'Ancient Times' #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUgsy-kLJUY

'Ancient Times' chanted slow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsXX-oHeDPg

'AQUARIUS WISDOM'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjUvQTPDraQ

'ARIES WISDOM'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4TtxNV2xmk

'ASCENDED ECLIPSE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3eZYrn1VDw

'ASCENDED GRATITUDE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_t6UMkBb0Cs

'ASCENDED SOLUTIONS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abMnqSrleSM

'Ascended Wisdom Of Sound'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JzjmxkogP0

'ASCENSION ABSOLUTE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEeOtoxv5LU

'ASCENSION CURRENT'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_4_GOYqsGc

'ASCENSION DANCE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifj9UyLqnxo

'ASCENSION LIVE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsBDG3yAvWw

'ASCENSION MIRROR'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0FY0Y1FtCk

'ASCENSION MUDRA'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cMh8NOFJ-gc

'ASCENSION ON THE MANSION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXOwim4RtU4

'ASCENSION point I AM NOW'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zqiRiRUKms

'ASCENSION TEMPLE 13'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwDO5gUF780

'Astarius Miraculii Raw Footage'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0me_FrKWIs

'Astarius Miraculii RAW pt 1'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPg5Xt3wG6A

'Astarius Miraculii RAW pt 2'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NX5Uf2_fdeE

'Astarius Miraculii RAW pt 3'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeFVz95IMfs

'Astarius Miraculii Raw pt one'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPCeSEWWrBI

'Astarius Miraculii Raw pt three'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcPjS3KK6bE

'Astarius Miraculii Raw pt two'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Q-sDWiEdQU

'Attitudes Are More Important than Circumstances'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXk7dRe4jpY

'AWAKENING The Crown Chakra' (The Holographic Universe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBgjsnL-l00

'AWAKENING the FIRST EYE Chakra' (inNer ViSioN).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drvMImqhMa4

'AWAKENING The Heart Chakra - Cracking the Love Code'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-xMj2hOOms

'Awakening the Root Chakra'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNK4YoJK5lE

'AWAKENING The Throat Chakra'......!!!!!!! CREATION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kX004xpdTk

'BABA'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0wm0XV20cY

'BEING is the ROOT of LIFE Purpose'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gS0mrGvX0Ok

'Being your own Champion & Having your own back'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dKK_-IEtL_Y

'BLESS IT ALL'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zANqooIsUI

'BREATHE LIFE Into Your Desires'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzg6WQxCwmc

'BURNING MAN SONG'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOQTb8xhk88

'CAPRICORN WISDOM'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALiNaU66ZzQ

'Cause & Effect' movie with binaural beats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzOGjQ77z40

'CAUSE & EFFECT'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5p6Hu2Y3bA

'CAUSE and EFFECT'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3QKlowfvbA

'CAUSE, EFFECT & AFFECT'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08Y72tGWyAs

'CELEBRATION' {DeCoding the HolyDays).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzugfuPk1wE

'CHANNEL OF LOVE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rBa75atm3I

'CHANNELING DIVINITY pt 1'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XP2WdDq_pR0

'CHANNELING DIVINITY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0LbFtqurRw

'Clan of Shamans' by #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ze40sJzRonc

'Co-Creation of Birth'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UdkltFhenE

'COSMIC BASEBALL'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBHfh3j9aRI

'CREATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qbgq6bcP_-c

'Dancing Prayer'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5Wg8u1Qodk

'DANCING THUNDER'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYoUYjS581A

'DANCING WITH DIVINITY pt 1'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kV8sTxhriG4

'DANCING WITH DIVINITY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABAGFz_iT_o

'DEATH THE OTHER FACE OF LIFE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttHUfEH5DvU

'DeCoding & Milking 2016'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-E86VwXBu4c

'DeCoding THE BREATH OF LIFE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPh-EgjgDdQ

'DIDGE HEALING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ufoEcrUER8

'Didgeridoo & FEMIFESTATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehi8Tkbd004

'DIDGERIDOO ANIMAL TRANSMISSIONS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jxu6ZTllpA0

'DIDGERIDOO ASCENSION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CzOmXC6dMeU

'Didgeridoo LOVE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYKko28F54Q

'DidgeriDuke'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZfyRiAL7l8

'DIVINE HEALING FOR THESE TIMES'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WEb9AnRsks

'DIVINE SELF'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAY0tOrw1Z8

'DIVINE VISITATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNpb7whMhWE

'DNA Ascension - Spirit Rap Activation' Words by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WE3TpXO-QYc

'DREAM AWAKE AND ASCEND'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4rwDE2gbYA

'ECLIPSE & THE LIONS GATE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gZWekTWX2E

'ECLIPSE HEALING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lt_ZOhV-L54

'ECLIPSE WISDOM'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9HksNyofFA

'EMOTIONAL BELONGINGS & FEMIFESTATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tIvkFUtZ1lA

'EMOTIONAL COPULATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0k3z8zlKlBI

'EMOTIONAL WEALTH'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vfs51VV1l4

'Equinox-Moon PrayerTransmissions' by #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y259gbIc-lI

'ETERNAL CELEBRATION' (DeCoding the HolyDays).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXIiXTTaWwc

'ETERNAL REMEMBRANCE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76-S4kuL7zo

'EVERYONE IS ME'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xjp9EVyB7PU

'FACES OF ASTARIUS MIRACULII'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qyscM-3bZw

'FASHIONS OF THE MIND'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hi4rE2dgYpc

'FATHER'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_60xwIbXS4

'Feeling Frequency Of Reality'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZQ53UePbqI

'FROM LONGING TO BELONGING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bIuiCpNdmQ

'From stinking thinking to Revealing Feeling'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfJg4iY9kQs

'From trick to TREAT'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1hK41_VUxA

'FULFILLMENT iS IN THE 'JOY' before Manifestation'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEK9cjhqEFM

'FULL MOON '.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITOkPBw7LhY

'FULL MOON ARIES'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVkkdPki9fY

'FULL MOON DIDGERIDOO'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=520ga_0ZrQY

'FULL MOON ECLIPSE in LEO'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lv_0MKXNrvs

'Full Moon Equinox Ceremony' by #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XS9DzrGXIOU

'FULL MOON HEALING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHZUip-LsL0

'FULL MOON INTENTION CIRCLE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XatWdKeOtI

'FULL MOON'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MoYuMHieD04

'GEMINI & CANCER WISDOM' - two in one.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGYH2YOkScs

'GIVE LIFE TO TWO BIRDS WITH ONE BREATH'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvDI7thKG1Q

'GOD WITHIN MEDITATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mE2yXXTEYAU

'GRAND ALTAR'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YW0_jkQswAA

'GRAND LUNAR ECLIPSE ' & Meditation July 27-2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8a4I0aQPPmE

'GRAND SOLAR ECLIPSE' July 12-2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbCEVjoKDpI

'HAPPY ETERNAL BIRTH TO ME'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNLzCUo_oyI

'HAPPY ETERNAL FATHER'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZbUYTAWNr8

'HAPPY ETERNAL FULL MOON'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ov_CkNibRu0

'HAPPY ETERNAL LOVE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E07pMBq1Pls

'HAPPY ETERNAL MAMA'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DWNvB-7LpY

'HAPPY GRATITUDE pt 2'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48ozTvMVtZE

'HAPPY GRATITUDE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9VjQ2m9LVew

'HAPPY NEW BEGINNING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8coHMAhmOA

'Healing adverse Moon Mercury energies with Didgeridoo' #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkEW8dzSi2M

'Healing adverse moon mercury energies' #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qc8vlOFdAWs

'HEALING DANCE of MIRACULII'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7zXYiF6G0g

'HEALING FOR THESE TIMES'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bV-h27vg_mg

'Healing from Ascension Temple Sedona'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhk04h8Lg2Y

'HEALING FROM THE VORTEX'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpZJDawKtas

'HEALING MERCURY RETROGRADE with Didgeridoo'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MmhZrCOFVM4

'Healing on Mount Sedona'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ODyvRc3dJk

'HEALING ON THE MOUNT'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kB825OCPbwE

'HEALING RELATIONSHIPS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWXvX5stcaU

'HEALING Sexual Wounds'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMaTeyd857E

'HEALING VORTEX'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-OAsfEOS5Y

'HIGH ATTITUDE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1scMqrfsWQ

'Honoring the Trick & Treat of Life'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBGKK3gFhnE

'I AM BLISS MEDITATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9D8KKmJ3N8

'I AM Empowered by EVERYTHING' #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnyp5yr7Sq4

'I AM SO IN LOVE WITH ME pt 2'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEDym4umvLY

'I AM SO IN LOVE WITH ME'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LljDN0tSve8

'I Am That I Am The OneNess Of Love'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xl27LWE5y0

'I AM THAT I AM'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HYK2jvvGcV0

'I DO TAKE ME'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4PI7WeibMk

'I SEE ME IN YOU'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2O4mst9rPY

'IN THE ARMS OF ASCENSION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQqgWRcaWTw

'INFINITE MILES THROUGH ETERNITY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-Hw-SSOVos

'INFINITE WORLD HEALING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApRSHkUV0nM

'IS LIFE HAPPY TO SEE YOU'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-WrEob1WTM

'LEO WISDOM'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBMjgXLYNr4

'Let Love LOVE You pt 2'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bK_pFN_Ok18

'Let LOVE Love You' Astarius Miraculii @ Spiritual Living Center Atlanta.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xc73AaoL550

'Let Love LOVE You'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_Y9SgltPpI

'LET THERE BE LIGHT'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ToZdPsUvT44

'LET US HEAL'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AP_Ff69vLhU

'LETS TALK'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvzjEH4-ABw

'Letter To Mama & Grand Mama Ayahuasca'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3eulJVFOTs

'LETTER TO MY BLESSINGS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGzYesPVnok

'LETTER TO MY GODDESS' happy valentines Eternity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ouHqt0z4HU

'LIBRA WISDOM'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=28fOSCdMW7A

'LIFE PURPOSE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHiJlKJCod0

'LIGHT OF FORGIVENESS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxuu4HPpULM

'LOVE FREQUENCY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jqLp7P_HQUg

'LOVE TRANSFUSION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTSWY3I75N4

'MASS REIKI HEALING TRANSMISSION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ly5Tl_MGBVk

'MASTERY OF THE NOW MOMENT'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_IsHlbchVQ

'MEDITATION TIPS pt 2'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4sRclXj7K8

'MEDITATION TIPS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THeMpl--pco

'Meet Astarius Miraculii'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HfSC7VcmH8

'MERCURY RETROGRADE a Deeper Look' milking the magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SL489Lk8bk8

'MERCURY RETROGRADE in LEO' 07-25-2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BkUGG9YNKb0

'MileStones Of Accomplishment & Awakening'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjl3QCOSu5E

'Milk LIGHT from your shadows' Halloween teleSeminar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8NFqFDUtC0

'MILK the BLESSING from the suffering'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FuiZmCBzw4

'MILK THE LIGHT FROM THE DARKNESS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1bOziwI0zE

'MILK THE LIGHT out of the chaos'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgsEscfmMUw

'MIRACULII CREATIONS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnWd5bKXq6o

'Miraculii Healing Cocktail' (eclipse retrograde antidote).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWNJGw2bHj4

'Miraculii Healing Cocktail' pt 2 (eclipse retrograde antidote).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Z2O_MT8IIU

'MIRACULOUS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_I3PKIuahU

'Moments of Eternity'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7n2JVltzdY

'Money Formula (short)' by #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtjeIKFLrHA

'MONEY FORMULA one & two'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0DTMVZnItE

'Money Formula' by #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9mryf7H1gg

'MONEY FORMULA'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Gqrvkhpxs8

'MULTIPLICATION OF WONDERFUL'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaZCMhKhWdw

'MYSTIC ONE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LE1a9RWawQ

'MYSTIC TOO'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NZTr7BwQhO4

'MYSTIC'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU84SNXozx4

'MYSTICAL CREATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=es1eMKAVS0s

'NATURAL MYSTIC'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkKgJ3WlheQ

'OCEAN OF EMOTION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTC0EngGb5U

'OmniPresent VALUE pt 1'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_4ZyS0XPC0

'OmniPresent VALUE pt 2'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WS5P30cdaNI

'OmniPresent VALUE pt 3'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWa3qwkad8U

'OmniPresent VALUE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SskS__Ny5kw

'ON WINGS OF VULNERABILITY pt 1'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pc3IC1Zxv74

'ON WINGS OF VULNERABILITY pt 2'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQ5dCNlGyF4

'ONE BEING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZtP5bOZyLs

'ONENESS OF THE WHOLENESS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYG9P-t3hBY

'Oneness'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Wv3drg2di4

'PISCES WISDOM'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uwMjp7He7w

'PLUTO-URANUS-ECLIPSE-EQUINOX'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3PApUt6zNc

'POW WOW IN PARADISE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsMAGQLDfCs

'POWER OF THE WORD'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cnBg80aszY

'PRACTISING THE preSENCE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sosaFYQj1vY

'Prayer for Mercury Retrograde, the Eclipse & Lions Gate'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1qryzkTtuw

'PRAYER FOR THE ECLIPSES'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V59WbNHUylM

'PROSPERITY MASTER PLAN +'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSfJKrfVOms

'PROSPERITY MASTER PLAN pt 1'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQTRJ2lsOKM

'PROSPERITY MASTER PLAN pt 2'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wIQKjGDwGk

'PROSPERITY MASTER PLAN' movie w-Theta Binaural Beats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rabm3KUrc0k

'PROSPERITY MASTER PLAN'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lK0eyA6IlP4

'PROSPERITY PLAN'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIcibBsmekk

'PSYCHOLOGY OF AQUARIUS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qEgF-qHFnQ

'Psychology of Aries'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg_wvBU2PDk

'PSYCHOLOGY OF CANCER'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXgLKFyas74

'PSYCHOLOGY OF CAPRICORN'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8N-BRFO1G0

'Psychology of Gemini'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQz6c-TgrkE

'PSYCHOLOGY OF LEO'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3yoU8dX6b8

'PSYCHOLOGY OF LIBRA'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0YFzi4mKhM

'PSYCHOLOGY OF PISCES'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3WjiRrWCids

'PSYCHOLOGY OF SAGITTARIUS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVmOtu68hSY

'PSYCHOLOGY OF SCORPIO'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQVzS-tJk3o

'PSYCHOLOGY OF TAURUS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vwfhrkt1qQw

'PSYCHOLOGY OF VIRGO'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBIYs2IpNYA

'RECLAIM YOUR ENERGETIC BELONGINGS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7sKjm4dOIU

'REIKI ANTHEM'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXO_HFKEyE8

'Reiki Attunement'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoeqX2sn-xw

'REIKI FIRE' (Healing Hands).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFgbGazOf_A

'REIKI FIRE' Revised & Up-Leveled (with binaural beats).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgTna51KX54

'REIKI HARMONICS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J6pP_3Nc2g0

'REIKI HEALER'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2FNwgkweIv8

'REIKI HEALING CONVERGENCE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQpsERVX6Ks

'REIKI HEALING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M88ALEvq5aM

'REIKI MASTER' Astarius Miraculii & Daughter Shanti Om.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zATXPsXujiw

'REIKI MASTER'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYhun763HzU

'REIKI SONIC ATTUNEMENT'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68UKOCmB-Ws

'REIKI STAR CODES'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Nu4AIs5w9k

'RELATIONSHIP HARMONICS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7-PH8TaSKs

'REMEMBER WHO YOU ARE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYGS3aqvQWE

'RESONATE HEALING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQFyf2XGAY4

'RESONATING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11-NE8n4EY4

'REVEALING FEELING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKyTG56JbxI

'REVEALING HEALING FEELINGS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9PBuJlOb0g

'Rhythmic Flight' Drum-Didgeridoo-BinauralBeats by Astarius Miraculii & Yahannes Malik Ford.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajax8IR6VYM

'Rhythmic Healing' Drum-Didgeridoo-BinauralBeats by Astarius Miraculii & Yahannes Malik Ford.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LkHm-19mQ0

'ROMANCING MY SOUL'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0GnCm4ihPs

'SACRED SEXUALITY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_OUCc0pxBs

'SAGITTARIUS WISDOM'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7rsP6t7EXUc

'SATURN Square NEPTUNE Alchemy'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N_jGFLNiXXk

'SCORPIO WISDOM'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eb5F2Y9pfxU

'SEDONA DANCE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytnuyPaYDLY

'SEDONA Didgeridoo Transmission'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHErDFEUiTo

'SEDONA HEALING NEW YEAR'S DAY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYBOWFafxok

'SEDONA MAMA HEALING pt 1'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AmLW0P6mEI

'SEDONA MAMA HEALING pt 2'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyZKgc7vsd4

'SEDONA ON THE MOUNT'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXkx_o3XXj8

'SEDONA SONIC ALCHEMY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TV6t-BiJ5bM

'SEDONA TELEPATHIC TRANSMISSIONS - Weaving Spirit'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aib6bKa8Cts

'SEDONA TELEPATHIC TRANSMISSIONS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Om7ySAzjTfI

'SEDONA VORTEX DIDGE HEALING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XuugPk8-55o

'SEDONA VORTEX HEALING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVsjEOo9eZU

'Sedona Vortex Transmission'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gc1v1so2Hus

'SEDONA VORTEX'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpryoPGj038

'SEDONA'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMTax484cY4

'SEE with the EYES of SOURCE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vTWkDpeGG4

'SELF LOVE MEDITATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yBAjelznyUY

'SEXUAL ASCENSION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WqHB9V0aunU

'Sexual Energy & Healing'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTLdb2_yGCk

'Sexual HEALING & Ascension' (Webinar Re-Play) Live Stream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7L5lyCSOQk

'Shamanic Africa' Drums-Didgeridoo-BinauralBeats Astarius Miraculii & Yanannes Malik Ford.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FxyTksK_Iw

'ShamanicTransmissions' #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIRbVUZElyA

'SOLAR ECLIPSE SOLSTICE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyvxPSiVvXE

'SOLAR ECLIPSE' JuiceTaFari.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_huwz-YRHU

'SOLAR ECLISPE in PISCES'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfY4VnU3Xs0

'SOLUTION TO the Virus crisis' We are Empowered by Everything..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgXcr341vcY

'SONG FOR ETERNAL MAMA'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWiUQtCoi-g

'SONIC ACTIVATIONS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDv7vcJJjIM

'SONIC HEALING FOR MERCURY RETROGRADE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SbcoQ_nGYMM

'Sonic Keys to PROSPERITY '.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ev0nwBq0TU

'SONIC POW WOW'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2JENinukUw

'SONIC SHAMANIC TONIC'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKIWSPfyV3w

'SOULOGY IN SEDONA'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tfJkn7wqv0o

'SOUND HEALING WHOLENESS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRI8lz6WCB8

'SOUND MAGIC'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hamrIdcj33Y

'SOUND WIZARD LOVE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3L1eGHcDo0

'SOUND WIZARD' embedded with binaural beats & 'SPIRIT RAP'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFc_cD7HKP4

'SPIRIT RAP ' Spicy Version by #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5_NXfU0O80

'SPIRIT RAP DOUBLE IMPACT'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkXL1P62-mA

'SPIRIT RAP FOR WORLD RELIEF'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WdPw_WTIvU

'Spirit Rap Meditation' #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eXPdJDUlOZQ

'SPIRIT RAP POW WOW'......!!!!!! w- binaural beats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuRkXWHy1QI

'SPIRIT RAP SPICY VERSION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VR9biymB7Eg

'SPIRIT RAP' & 'SPIRIT RAP Meditation' w- binaural beats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4ltll3AhRE&t=16s

'SPIRIT RAP' (Eternal).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ZjFy7faLjA

'Spirit Rap' by #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMEDAE8o3wM

'SPIRIT RAP'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76y0zzkavBY

'STILLNESS IN SLOW MOTION pt 3'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKsoaDjNF4U

'STILLNESS IN SLOW MOTION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxY7wzgAueA

'Success & Prosperity'' from the album Prosperity Master Plan' by #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQeu0xcFNjc

'SUCCESS & PROSPERITY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FKZ1J6ajnE

'SUCCESS and PROSPERITY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_3sxJh974M

'TAURUS WISDOM'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_oGLV-d2BkI

'Telepathic PRAYER TRIBE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt7cvKq3Gso

'TEMPLE OF THE MANSION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSmAX37aa3s

'THE BELOVED IS ALWAYS WITH YOU'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcPy831NQBI

'THE EYE (I Am) of the storm'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAeNHN2oWSs

'The Good in ALL'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97jMrsA2-iI

'THE GREAT FEMIFESTATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoKOa2NbsFA

'THE IMMACULATE PERCEPTION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6_dZpwNUYw

'THE LIONS GATE PORTAL'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkJGJ0DWgpI

'THE LITTLE ELDER'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bq31Lt1cs6c

'THE MAGIC OF CHRISTMAS' (Astarius cracks the Christmas Code).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02mEzdvHG_U

'The Mother Tree' CoStaring Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Rz94ggyZGM

'THE POWER OF A POSITIVE ATTITUDE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OXMAHIGsAUI

'The Trust Fund of Blessings'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Io-iV6dS6Mw

'THE WAYS OF SELF LOVE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiQUurcmFAc

'THREE LAYERS oF GIVING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucqztf-YzFY

'THRIVING IN MERCURY RETROGRADE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5pEXxRHB6I

'TIBETAN STAR CODES'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcO_5d_BsUM

'TIME TRAVEL MEDITATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idzt4zSQQvk

'TO HONOR ONE'S SELF'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWehDMnbM7c

'Tribal Ascension Alchemy'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tngE_69Bui8

'Tribal Ascension' Drum-Didge-BinauralBeats - Astarius Miraculii & Yahannes Malik Ford.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo6ZIX8OR8k

'TRIBAL ASCENSION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-mk8Rspp_8

'Tribal CREATION' ReMastered & Revised binaural in delta.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjrgkMQ3gSM

'TRIBAL CREATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m03LGbXukAA

'Tribal Harmonics' by #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUYhYpktLGQ

'Tribal Harmonics' with binaural beats in delta.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9l-CXrsxx8

'TRIBAL SPIRIT RAP'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydUOHSfbvj4

'TRINITY OF RELATIONSHIP'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74-EUw7NNBw

'TwiLIGHT of STILLness'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gu6dBRbEYrg

'UNIVERSAL DIDGERIDOO TRANSMISSION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rUUZJI8JGc

'UNIVERSAL HEALING TRANSMISSION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y27_Vp24ygY

'VALUES and VALUABLES'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQYfAO88K7g

'VICTORY DANCE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlebOQ3i5W0

'Virus Cancellation Chant' Sing With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwUbEE0Y3Iw

'Virus Cancellation Meditation' We are Empowered by Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUsbGnYzu8c

'Vocal Harmonic Tonic' #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KD1DWa0HO4

'VORTEX HEALING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xi0SY3DOuPE

'VORTEX OF CREATION'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7X8p5JZvD8o

'VORTEX'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RM4DlG3kM64

'Walk with me GodGoddess'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNW5LGBDD_A

'WalkingOnWings' by #AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vN1-eyAvyc

'WEE hours of the FULL MOON'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpkkUBufzGk

'WHAT IS SELF LOVE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ii9_yvLSGsI

'WHY IS 2020 S0 POWERFUL'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGyiAlDPVB8

'WINGS ON MY HEART'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5505RYMycs

'Wisdom From The Car'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSh9dLBC9iI

'WISDOM OF ASTROLOGY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aT8aq8Ie7Qw

'WISDOM OF MERCURY RETROGRADE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khdGMkxBn58

'YOU ARE INNOCENT' - Happy Solstice......!!!!!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QIBKJgZ8gQ8

'YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFhnBYQmxjw

'YOUR HANDS ARE THE HANDS OF GOD'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46l5LuVjubc

'YOUR LIVE HEALING BLESSING'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzidcQzym98

'YOUR MONEY FORMULA'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZs0xcpEmfU

'YOUR NEXT ADVENTURE' part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0khjQRAAc9Y

'YOUR NEXT ADVENTURE' part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAj5ibpwyG4

'YOUR POWER TO BLESS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myu0l0YxJTQ

.ahk


11-11-11 Ascension Portal by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hin4CO8EhN0

15 Reiki Symbols Seamlessly Chanted ('DNA Ascension 2').ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjMc7onYxho

2012 Ascension Paradigm by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQBB4wCyfQE

2020 CRESCENDOlini Sedona HAPPY Knew-New.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80XjBa2R_d8

7 Keys To Prosperity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUa3cA7qpnc

7 Min SELF LOVE WORKOUT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQBHWUKe2GE

A Moment of Blessing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=az4rXJK2Tuc

Abundance Formula part 1 by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-IWTtgMMQE

Abundance Formula part 2 by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9kuQDZ2_k4

Activating FORGIVENESS. ......!!!!!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCz_m47vXX0

AFFIRMATION POWER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmviifhbhHE

An Awesome (HD version) Interview with Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnzXtNglM-A

Ancient Times by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWm5zsQBbX4

Aries and the Equinox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQLO57vvxuI

Ascended Prosperity by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUe2ZQ_uLOk

Ascended Vulnerability by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjpvEN1d-r4

Ascension Overtones - Cyber Space Healing by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLT6NcSNLf4

Ascension Paradigm - Transmissions by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0zpIXtKOOg

Ascension Principles by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRrOaBPMUeg

ASCENSION RAP - Clearing Mercury Retrograde blocks.......!!!!!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cG4e6x5F2I0

Ascension The Prime Intention by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9Iba6sD8OA

Ascension Trilogy Meditation by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWQllAszEPU

Astarius Asking For Your Prayers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ty1Ns_zGtRg

Astarius coming to the Denver CO area for Summer Solstice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VssZhKsYtD8

Astarius in a Medicine Way Playing Didgeridoo - WHAT A RIDE (w-binaural beats).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsAmuOwlclg

Astarius Miraculii - New Living Expo 2014 part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmGoUoqJKlw

Astarius Miraculii - New Living Expo 2014 part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pF-PK1OFANw

Astarius Miraculii - New Living Expo 2014 part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-wxF00fm2M

Astarius Miraculii @ MANIFESTIVAL.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kMz3vPkBmo

Astarius Miraculii at RAJ Festival 2013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4Aojm7ymCM

ASTARIUS MIRACULII coming to Philadelphia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D04GvnTbwEg

Astarius Miraculii Interview by Moniere.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaFU7yfVM2o

Astarius Miraculii Teaching in Phoenix AZ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZDiHFqYaQg

Astarius Miraculii's full 'Ancient Times Chant'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0kVurh1rZA

Astarius Ocean Healing in Melbourne Australia pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dAa2hen404

Astarius Ocean Healing in Melbourne Australia pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2z1IbMclSX8

Astarius' Ancient Times Chant on Reebok Commercial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlCl3T8UIgU

Attitudes are more important than Circumstances.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ir4hchPObOg

Awaken Ascended Master, by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IObQLbcJl9E

Awakening the Sacral Chakra (Sexuality & Creation).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Di7s-RQ_bmc

Be Empowered during Mercury retrograde.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9XsYLf0Tng

BEHIND the mask of covid-19'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aU_aE1qUziI

Behind the Wheel of LOVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ygn9xnw0hA

Bliss in Cyber Space - Didgeridoo.by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7SRl-nY3Lw

Cause & Effect Meditation by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFS19JvJBsk

Cause & Effect the Universal Law of Necessity by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bp9wtZlmX7w

Cause & Effect Track 3 of 7 from MIRACULII ABUNDANCE RAP.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qnclKIQcrxE

Celestial Weavers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-u8EZas6HBQ

CoCreation 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVmxzQJ861o

Conversations With Shaman- 'I Am So In Love With Me'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlUymuAPFiM

Cyber Space Healing by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lb4e-zk7WE

Decoding 2015 & Full Moon Highlights part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxXMuWSsp1w

Decoding 2015 & Full Moon Highlights part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EgqGQms1SmI

DeCoding The Breath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3U7APVMnMLE

Didgeridoo Animal Healing Part 1 by Astarius Miraculii Bear, White Tiger, Hyena.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCxJQTqS2qY

Didgeridoo Animal Healing Part 2 by Astarius Miraculii Tiger, Lion Pride, White Wolf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssY7El5VDpU

Didgeridoo for Abundance by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCzddZVnOcY

Didgeridoo for Self Loving by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgEC4QDOgqw

DIDGERIDOO SOUND HEALING 2 by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROYOY16IKh4

Didgeridoo Sound Healing by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjOk3Zg1N6I

Divine Rap Rampage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtN79pz5TKU

DNA 'Sonic Tonic' Ascension by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkc_61y-amo

Eclipse & Mercury Retrograde Oct.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a837eMBAQAY

Erotic Innocence by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hP1rICrMrHE

ETERNAL MOMENTS OF LOVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Fx60LhNdBs

Femifestation The First Stage Of Creation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmYVJ4U_TI8

Forgiveness Empowerment by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jM5oUpc2f0s

Forgiveness Overtones - Cyber Space Healing by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxZ2e71n2WQ

Freedom Paradigm Didgeridoo & Burning Man Overtones by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPQ4FYfr6LI

Full Moon Chronicles 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1Trk2x7PPk

Give life to 2 birds with one breath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Te1-dYKpF8

Grand Cardinal Cross (Its Blessings).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PvSDKUe1Yc8

Grand Cross - PrayerMantra for 52days (4x13).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0BcqVhAypQ

Happy (k)NEW NOW....!!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JNzyvYD6Rw

Happy Birthday Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zGuBSeG4MZ4

HAPPY ETERNAL GRATITUDE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbeBb27bPrk

Happy New Paradigm by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BL8GgFLEZa4

Happy New Year from Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSj46FBCaa4

HappyNewYeARE - BONUS FOOTAGE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vkAyh6O7ato

HappyNewYeARE w-Didgeridoo 'Smultaneous Beginnings'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hxhy7kpCULA

Harmonic Convergence by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCKwaOizUZk

HARMONIC CONVERGENCE OF LOVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05xESuE0fFI

Healing Didgeridoo Therapy 1 by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrcwljRVI8U

Healing Didgeridoo Therapy II by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHU0WkssM7c

I Am Amazing Creator (Blessed thru Mercury Retrograde).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EDnOjdm8xE

I AM COMING DOWN UNDER......!!!!!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NRHvaiifsc

I Invoke & DreamAwake Ascension By Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozemWs9jERM

I the Universe (anthem of the soul) by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=293RjSqJW0c

I the Universe - Ascension Wave by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wejYcrukjBs

Inner Marriage of Male & Female by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpeAO16cnCI

IS LIFE HAPPY TO SEE YOU.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqZn5Cj8_Vg

January 1, 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37AVpm-lsuI

JOSHUA TREE CEREMONY with MIRACULII.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-blLWe7QWyM

Letter to my Goddess (Formula for calling in the Beloved) by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQm0TQhALyU

LIVE Astarius Miraculii Interview with Tamu Ngina.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YRucN1fHQU

Live Didgeridoo HEALING Transmission....!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n0C2btFNo84

Me Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yXQtCCgFZAI

Meditation-Prayer on- 'I Am So IN LOVE With Me'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WH2lGlh4feE

Meet Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlYSfBvhd3A

Mercury Retrograde & Astrological Influences by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxE4hlwetAc

Mercury Retrograde & The Full Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCwtVfwupj4

MercuryCancer Retrograde FullMoon Sagittarius.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzlgA4RsanA

Milking the Magic from mercury retrograde.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbWkLJ33jIY

Miraculii Healing Cocktail pt 3 (eclipse retrograde antidote).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqCc5KcbhqA

Miraculii Healing Cocktail pt 4 (eclipse retrograde antidote).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYTqbCWQIwY

Miraculii Invoking Prayer & Meditation (w-binaural beats).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oA6c_0Z9CHM

MIRACULII.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMS26Bi3F1g

My Beautiful Mother & my Life Journey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQMJI-7kpn8

October 23, 2019.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIuY6w7uVNM

OmniPresent Miraculii'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q34DFbtm4o0

Our Mantra- 'I Am So IN LOVE with Me'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axDY-RArbjo

PrayerTones & Didgeridoo by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aEE7co28ElM

Reiki Temple Chants with binaural beats (Full Album).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFBbGrMa3bU

REIKI WomanGoddess (Sheanawah).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u054Xqv-Uns

REIKI-TimelessTraveler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqNXa5VLdZg

Relationship The Path Of Ascension by AstariusMiraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9CO72dCULY

Rooted in Truth & Oneness with Astarius Miraculii EP43.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6yYQq6YKcI

Sedona Sonic Alchemy with special guest Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_v1B4ai4FSE

SEDONA TRANSMISSIONS 'ONENESS'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Koq4E4L3LSY

Sedona Transmissions 'PROSPERITY'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZECnbaeV_I

Self Love & Creation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kszRAscOPC8

SelfLove & Creation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DimeF7P9K7A

Seven Keys To Abundance (Money Formula).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxSZhSM6ji8

SOLAR ECLIPSE AUGUST 11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYZ3rDnEuaM

SOLAR ECLIPSE New Moon Oct, 23rd 2014.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skhWj0RUPEw

Song of Success by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2f-yV5iw98

Spicy Spirit Rap by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIrhuoESPDI

Spirit Rap Meditation by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rs0PVTJG6yk

Spirit Rap The Legendary Invocation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoidBWLXlYU

Spirit Rap-Complete Version by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzhWzXKXNlg

Super Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TaBNgEKMvzs

THE 13th ASCENSION TEMPLE'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tjPOYAc14c

The Alchemy of Mind Thought & Feeling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6IWU1KtjKxs

The Sacred Apology to Women & Forgiveness by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2FNd9oj-fs

The Sacred Apology to Women from Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6v9_ZJpxXc

Time Travel into Resonate Connection with Your Ascended Self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ih1O0ftd2vA

Tribal Creation from the new album 'Tribal Spirit Rap'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X24cfKKI_DQ

UNIVERSITY 2017 Happy New You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0BCKy5sJ2g

Use the dung to fertilize it by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlteBnmJZNs

VIRGO WISDOM.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRGZC1teIsg

Virus Cancellation - We are Empowered by Everything pt 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_YIZ7kWEFU

Virus Cancellation - We are Empowered by Everything pt 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hBd4xJWJGo

VOCAL HARMONIC HEALING - The Voice Of Creation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8e4o6-8XyQ

Vocal Sound Healing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_pRmYfLAx0

Vocal Transmissions - Cyber Space Healing by Astarius Miraculii.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiyfZZn9Zx8

WE ARE EMPOWERED BY EVERYTHING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSHYWff6VZs

We Are Powerful Creators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHYoNrOVr3w

Webinar replay - Mercury R. & Solar E. Live Stream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoJd7FQHxB8

Webinar replay - Thriving in Mercury Retrograde pt 1 Live Stream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qGi7LoTGxK0

WELCOME BELOVED.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wRkrxKLSc0

Welcome to the First Moment of the Best of Your Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbgAnbTBg1M

Your Prayers For Astarius Are Answered.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aC3vy6BDwhU
VoY