
All Creatures Great and Smart
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Epa3kVmNuO4&list=

Architects of the Mind A Blueprint for the Human Brain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMYJn2-1u2Q&list=

Avian Einsteins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVePXMQpp_E&list=

Beautiful Minds The Enigma of Genius
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbE_jVT1NiY&list=

Cartographers of the Brain Mapping the Connectome
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoU_GF4fc6w&list=

Cells To Silicon Your Brain In 2050
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5-HrUt6M7M&list=

Consciousness Explored and Explained
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWfRWdeuPb4&list=

Engineering the Brain Deploying a New Neural Toolkit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqXe6n9aLLk&list=

Faith and Science
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bpwd-XyJFhU&list=

Good Vibrations The Science of Sound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsYt-FBhE2Q&list=

Hallucinations with Oliver Sacks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8T_XimPe4xU&list=

How Music Affects Your Brain Notes on the Folds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FreyS3HOeU&list=

How We Bounce Back The New Science of Human Resilience
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXRsQFDgnX8&list=

Madness Redefined Creativity, Intelligence and the Dark Side of the Mind
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPiah-8pCQk&list=

Mind and Machine The Future of Thinking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2CIU9oslxA&list=

Mind Melds and Brain Beams The Dawn of Brain-to-Brain Communication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SObhSqYglvQ&list=

Mind Over Masters The Question of Free Will
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIXGxRZk3G4&list=

My Neurons, My Self
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5kikQ2tjhQ&list=

Neuroscience and the Roots of Human Connections The Social Synapse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCXlaOKOczk&list=

Notes and Neurons In Search of the Common Chorus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S0kCUss0g9Q&list=

Spark of Genius Awakening a Better Brain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfYOkvQNpsA&list=

Strangers in the Mirror
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7OKC9CJoLdk&list=

The Believing Brain Evolution, Neuroscience, and the Spiritual Instinct
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0_-7FmrDq8&list=

The Craving Brain Neuroscience of Uncontrollable Urges
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p0lL1MN2yCs&list=

The Future of Augmented Intelligence If You Can’t Beat ‘em, Join ‘em
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4k2hI1pqns&list=

The Limits of Understanding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfY-DRsE86s&list=

The Nuts and Bolts of Better Brains Harnessing the Power of Neuroplasticity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59ODYOaUbX4&list=

The Roots of Extremism in Your Brain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLNrNWBsDnc&list=

The Unbearable Lightness of Memory
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvS_GXf9vRA&list=

The Whispering Mind The Enduring Conundrum of Consciousness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7RL__ZgdEw&list=

This is Your Brain On Neuroprosthetics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzT9LKKDgxE&list=

Time The Familiar Stranger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3jd94RRrbs&list=

Transparent Brain Visible Thoughts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoF1Bx-glaw&list=
Mind & Brain