
Escape Pod Confessions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWxwzU2_bDQ&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Stormtroopers' 911.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xV7Ha3VDbzE&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - Coffee Run.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbG3KNpytYQ&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - Forcefield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zYTW-rZVte4&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - Gun Privileges.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMscSfkKAxA&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - Interrogation (1226294).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEzl-uHrNAY&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - Interrogation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEzl-uHrNAY&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - Lost In Translation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pucr_VgtI8I&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - Mind Trick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOBE0yqiMHo&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - Rescue Mission.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK5OEQsZwJI&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - Secret Message.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmXdv4eTXDs&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - Space Improv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZOtfBGMuwI&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - Supercomputer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ZSmw3uNJEg&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - The Swamp Planet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S84W8maXZ0Q&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers - Who to Kill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTL64kVIA_g&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers Bathroom Run.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z7p0oM4_RM&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers Holopad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iJ56DcNtmo&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers Laser Sword.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWxnwSFpX-s&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers Scareduke.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsulPjOqr6I&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers Suggestion Box.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhZRi2x8mk0&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu

Troopers Tractor Beam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UI1t6YaO9JA&list=PLOS_nSs-Y7LGTStG881Ww1LTbxeWeRRKu
Stormtroopers College Humor