
1.  $500,000 MOVIE DEAL PRANK!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEFUnj6pMZ8&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

2.  BIRTHDAY SURPRISE PARTY GONE WRONG!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4Eu5FL1LN4&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

3.  BITTEN BY A SNAKE!! (terrifying).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIPMzmACODI&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

4.  COOKING FOR MY BEST FRIEND!!  DINNER FOR DAVID (EP. 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9B8u8LkIYOw&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

5.  DELIVERY PIZZA TASTE TEST!! (wDavid, Trisha, Josh, Zane and Todd).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezpYfkzxxbY&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

6.  DOUBLE DARE WITH LIZA & THE VLOG SQUAD!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVKLBOIFnVE&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

7.  EXPOSING GIRLFRIEND & BEST FRIENDS WITH LIE DETECTOR TEST (awkward).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74JKSUgMm4k&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

8.  GIRLFRIEND THREATENS TO EXPOSE MY BEST FRIENDS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JOwa-MSR1E&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

9.  I WAS DAVID'S ASSISTANT FOR A DAY!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7COYvXfw4qw&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

10.  INTRODUCING NEW GIRLFRIEND TO MY FREINDS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJxcBTfhdFo&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

11.  KICKED OFF A FIRST CLASS FLIGHT FOR THIS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4BtuvNm9UM&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

12.  LIZA'S BIRTHDAY YACHT PARTY GONE WRONG!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6Ejcrn5aYM&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

13.  MY $35,000 45th BIRTHDAY PARTY!! (emotional).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9F5Crup5hRk&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

14.  MY JUSTIN BIEBER IMPERSONATION (embarrassing).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i58W9lFna6Y&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

15.  OUR AWARD SHOW REUNION!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WmLyDb-Wmt8&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

16.  saying goodbye....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7PNa2UZ8Vw&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

17.  SURPRISING BEST FRIEND FOR HIS BIRTHDAY!! (ghosts).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ShQu9m1i7Ug&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

18.  SURPRISING BROTHER WITH LAKERS TICKETS!! (EMOTIONAL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4ayYKLAYy4&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

19.  SURPRISING FRIENDS WITH WALMART GIFT CHALLENGE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T64XjUoJSg&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

20.  SURPRISING GIRLFRIEND & BEST FRIENDS WITH DREAM CAR!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mwFMH6fdrnw&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

21.  SURPRISING ROOMMATES WITH OUR NEW $2 MILLION HOUSE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al_HCRRaBVQ&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

22.  THANKSGIVING SURPRISE GONE WRONG!! (police called).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9mj6onQvfg&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

23.  THE UNTOLD STORY OF DAVID'S VLOG!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxzCmHIMQME&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

24.  THIS DIDN'T GO AS PLANNED!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGAww_9IfJQ&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w

25.  WE SAT IN A $48,000 LUXURY BOX!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKOmvqLC6T8&list=PLqNBaqB2Nd7WLUzSiO-xGTzA_weYskA_w
BEST OF THE VLOG SQUAD