
1.  Abba - Take A Chance On Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-crgQGdpZR0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

2.  ACDC - Touch Too Much (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGftIcp2SC0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

3.  ACDC - Walk All Over You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bP6aVG6L1w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

4.  Al Green - Let's Stay Together (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXx6RDzR6eM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

5.  Al Green - Love and Happiness (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQl54ozhwZg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

6.  Bachman Turner Overdrive - You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet 1974 Video Sound HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cia_v4vxfE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

7.  Barry White - Can't Get Enough Of Your Love Baby..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0I6mhZ5wMw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

8.  Bee Gees - How Deep Is Your Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpqqjU7u5Yc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

9.  Bee Gees - Night Fever (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ihs-vT9T3Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

10.  Bee Gees - You Should Be Dancing - Saturday Night Fever John Travolta USA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u0lm58cet1g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

11.  Bellamy Brothers - Let Your Love Flow (1976) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQQj2rQBFvA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

12.  Bill Withers - Lovely Day (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEeaS6fuUoA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

13.  Carpenters - Close to You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaOyoVS-IAI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

14.  Carpenters - Only Yesterday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evETS8_WFGE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

15.  Deep Purple - Highway Star.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wr9ie2J2690&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

16.  Donna Summer - I Feel Love [Studio Version].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm-ISatLDG0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

17.  Dr Hook -  Sharing The Night Together (1978).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_n_NgGWpR4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

18.  Elvis Presley - Burning Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zf2VYAtqRe0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

19.  Eric Clapton - Wonderful Tonight (Live Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUSzL2leaFM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

20.  Frankie Valli & The Four Seasons - Who Loves You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KtYgOM62fk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

21.  Gerry Rafferty - Right Down the Line (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jR8RiBMecx4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

22.  Hot Chocolate - You sexy thing 1975.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIN36NweL6I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

23.  Isley Brothers- Living for the Love of you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMdBs7uTLHw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

24.  Jim Croce - Time in a bottle - 1973.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dO1rMeYnOmM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

25.  KC and the Sunshine Band - I'm Your Boogie Man [TopPop].VOB.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Ee3C2m3OXE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

26.  Kiss - I Was Made For Lovin' You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhIsAZO5gl0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

27.  Love Ballad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXePgT3JiH0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

28.  Meat Loaf - Bat Out of Hell (PCM Stereo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QGMCSCFoKA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

29.  Patti Smith Group - Because the Night (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_BcivBprM0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

30.  Queen - You're My Best Friend (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaZpZQG2z10&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

31.  Redbone - Come and Get Your Love (Single Edit - Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bc0KhhjJP98&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

32.  Rod Stewart - You're In My Heart (from One Night Only!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-xHOR8_ZSU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

33.  Sometimes When We Touch - Dan Hill - Official Video 1994.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IATz8ZVTALo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

34.  STAND BY ME. (Ultimate Mix, 2020) - John Lennon (official music video HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqB8Dm65X18&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

35.  Steve Miller Band - The Joker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dV3AziKTBUo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

36.  Stevie Wonder-Isn't She Lovely Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVvkjuEAwgU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

37.  The Kinks - Lola (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LemG0cvc4oU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE

38.  You Are The First, My Last, My Everything (Barry White).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fcd3XuQwDQQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCA_RyMEhIAVWFZmhdrwyHE
The Best of 70s Love Songs Playlist ?? Most Romantic Music from the 70s