
1.  Al Di La.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwq461GHZGs&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

2.  April Love by Pat Boone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mErJPN_tsY&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

3.  Ben E King - Spanish Harlem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGd6CdtOqEE&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

4.  Blue Diamonds - Ramona.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ElHHM9QGOMs&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

5.  Bobby Helms - My Special Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFgQ0cIZiDw&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

6.  Bobby Vinton -- Roses Are Red (My Love).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rjPC7-JMUM&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

7.  Bobby Vinton ~ Blue Velvet (1963).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Cr_apcZkpY&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

8.  BREAKING UP IS HARD TO DO - NEIL SEDAKA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQD3At3E7TA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

9.  Brenda Lee  All Alone Am I.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNIrH51jCzI&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

10.  Brian Hyland - Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ICkWjdQuK7Q&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

11.  Bruce Channel - Hey Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ik9dxkKriV0&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

12.  Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

13.  Conway Twitty- It's Only Make Believe WITH LYRICS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ny2yqpCKDkc&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

14.  Dion and The Belmonts - Teenager In Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kw6w9CPTjw&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

15.  Doris Day - Que Sera Sera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZbKHDPPrrc&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

16.  Elvis Presley - It's Now Or Never wlyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0-FBlfvgxo&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

17.  Everly Brothers - Til I Kissed You (live 1983) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_kUMwl2BvPY&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

18.  fats domino - blueberry hill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQQCPrwKzdo&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

19.  Frankie Laine  - Answer Me, My Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0R0LrEF_GA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

20.  Gene Pitney - Twenty Four Hours From Tulsa.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jIjUaxP7PPE&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

21.  GENE PITNEY IF I DIDN'T HAVE A DIME  ( W  LYRICS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-4PzVp_yK8&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

22.  Henry Mancini - Moon River.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZ8j-X1hq1I&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

23.  Hey Paula, performs by Paul & Paula, 1963.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7vcRyBAQZA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

24.  I Only Want to Be with You     Dusty Springfield.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osVaF4t-zFc&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

25.  Jackie Wilson - Lonely teardrops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nEfuE8Pw4U&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

26.  Jay & The Americans - Come A Little Bit Closer  [HQ Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHvD7PKMzdE&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

27.  Jimmy Clanton - Venus In Blue Jeans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Knq_BY6xpbQ&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

28.  Lesley Gore - It's My Party 1964.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acRMALrg1t4&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

29.  Lesley Gore - You Don't Own Me (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDUjeR01wnU&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

30.  Lipstick On Your Collar by Connie Francis 1959.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMlALAaEwfA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

31.  Little Anthony Tears on My Pillow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxjQ3M_v7xc&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

32.  Little Peggy March - I will follow him (best version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JVhbusBDi4&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

33.  Lloyd Price - Personality (1959).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvPU-cvaKCM&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

34.  Mark Dinning - Teen angel (1960).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KG_VIcoiCFA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

35.  Maurice Williams & the Zodiacs - Stay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1Z_hskvz1M&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

36.  My Prayer   The Platters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDlcqhlzDqQ&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

37.  Neil Sedaka - Calendar Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-ym9EjBH2E&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

38.  Perry Como-Magic Moments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ND3oghPL5M&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

39.  Ray Peterson - Tell Laura I Love Her (RCA 1960).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTjQgkHzbTk&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

40.  Roy Orbison  Lana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFr2dnFLFhY&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

41.  Roy Orbison - Only The Lonely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjq4wYuwgxs&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

42.  Runaway - Del Shannon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crlJVxeahcE&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

43.  SAIL ALONG SILVERY MOON  Billy Vaughn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upbcSPpelzg&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

44.  Sam Cooke - Cupid (Original Version with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S28tILqie1o&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

45.  Shelley Fabares - Johnny Angel HQ (1962).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt7UYKepRLU&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

46.  Skeeter Davis ~ The End of The World  (1962).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sonLd-32ns4&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

47.  Spanish Eyes • Al Martino • Original • 1965.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nqb7nhosf7s&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

48.  Stranger On The Shore - Acker Bilk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jzx664u5DA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

49.  Terry Stafford - Suspicion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUe7dMi2uLA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

50.  The Blue Diamonds - Little Ship [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYV6DhR4yrA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

51.  The Chiffons - One fine day ( 1963 ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1uObmcQQI4&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

52.  The Dixie Cups - Chapel Of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTq7w8P6_2I&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

53.  The Essex - easier said than done.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHB6muY-6WI&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

54.  The Exciters - Tell Him.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwbvg9txiuA&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

55.  The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

56.  The Marcels   -   Blue Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0fy1HeJv80&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

57.  The Platters - Only You - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5p2k55F-uag&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

58.  The Platters - Twilight Time - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGwa2tw7Vws&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

59.  The Shangri-Las -Leader Of The Pack Video with High Quality Sound.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8UKf65NOzM&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

60.  The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

61.  the twelve of never- johnny mathis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9SFtiTWawc&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

62.  Tommy Edwards - It's All In The Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gtizr2G_7Bk&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

63.  Tommy Roe - Sheila - HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_BwauaXAlc&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

64.  Venus - Frankie Avalon Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U48pNbEqEPw&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

65.  Vic Dana - Red roses for a blue lady.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kB_67zLhbEs&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

66.  Why-Frankie Avalon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqjjUKu9t-8&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A

67.  WILL U STILL LOVE ME TOMORROW -THE SHIRELLES (LYRICS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NwjqRZ9J_M&list=PLptIxe8djW9g6bopnJ17xEbXIrsP2QC1A
Classic Love Songs Of The 50's And 60's