
1.  Akon - Beautiful (Official Music Video) ft. Colby O'Donis, Kardinal Offishall.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rSOzN0eihsE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

2.  Aqua - Barbie Girl (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyhrYis509A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

3.  Avril Lavigne - Complicated (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NPBIwQyPWE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

4.  Avril Lavigne - Girlfriend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bg59q4puhmg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

5.  Backstreet Boys - As Long As You Love Me (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Gl2QnHNpkA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

6.  Backstreet Boys - Drowning (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZXHBgjQjNM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

7.  Backstreet Boys - Everybody (Backstreet's Back) (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M6samPEMpM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

8.  Backstreet Boys - I Want It That Way (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fndeDfaWCg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

9.  Backstreet Boys - Shape Of My Heart (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OT5msu-dap8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

10.  Backstreet Boys - Show Me The Meaning Of Being Lonely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBt8fN7mJNg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

11.  Beyoncé - Halo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnVUHWCynig&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

12.  Beyoncé - If I Were A Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AWpsOqh8q0M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

13.  Beyoncé - Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It) (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m1EFMoRFvY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

14.  Beyoncé, Shakira - Beautiful Liar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrOe2h9RtWI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

15.  Bloodhound Gang - The Bad Touch (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xat1GVnl8-k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

16.  Britney Spears - ...Baby One More Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-u5WLJ9Yk4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

17.  Britney Spears - Gimme More (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elueA2rofoo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

18.  Britney Spears - Lucky (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vvBAONkYwI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

19.  Britney Spears - Oops!...I Did It Again (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CduA0TULnow&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

20.  Britney Spears - Sometimes (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0bPrt69rag&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

21.  Britney Spears - Toxic (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOZuxwVk7TU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

22.  Cher - Believe [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZXRV4MezEw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

23.  Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, Mya, Pink - Lady Marmalade (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQa7SvVCdZk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

24.  Coldplay - Clocks (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d020hcWA_Wg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

25.  Coldplay - Viva La Vida (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvgZkm1xWPE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

26.  Destiny's Child - Say My Name (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQgd6MccwZc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

27.  Dido - Thank You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TO48Cnl66w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

28.  Dido - White Flag (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-fWDrZSiZs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

29.  Dream Killers Divine Love Mission in 432hz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhQcHQv0E8s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

30.  Enrique Iglesias - Hero (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koJlIGDImiU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

31.  Enya - Only Time (Official 4K Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wfYIMyS_dI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

32.  Fergie - Big Girls Don't Cry (Personal) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agrXgrAgQ0U&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

33.  Fools Garden - Lemon Tree (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCQfkEkePx8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

34.  Gorillaz - DARE (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAOR6ib95kQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

35.  Haddaway - What Is Love [Official].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEXWRTEbj1I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

36.  James Blunt - You're Beautiful (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oofSnsGkops&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

37.  Jason Mraz - I'm Yours (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkHTsc9PU2A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

38.  Justin Bieber - One Time (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHVhwcOg6y8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

39.  Katy Perry - Hot N Cold (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTHNpusq654&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

40.  Katy Perry - I Kissed A Girl (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAp9BKosZXs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

41.  Ke$ha - TiK ToK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP6XpLQM2Cs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

42.  Keane - Everybody's Changing (Alternate Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx4Hjq6KwO0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

43.  Keane - Somewhere Only We Know (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oextk-If8HQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

44.  Kelly Clarkson - Because Of You (VIDEO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra-Om7UMSJc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

45.  Keri Hilsonft. Kanye West, Ne-Yo - Knock You Down (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_RqWocthcc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

46.  KYLE - Love Me Like You Say You Love Me [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSghtE_7SsU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

47.  Kylie Minogue - Can't Get You Out Of My Head (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPwtJ89jes4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

48.  Lady Gaga - Alejandro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niqrrmev4mA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

49.  Lady Gaga - Bad Romance (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrO4YZeyl0I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

50.  Lady Gaga - Just Dance ft. Colby O'Donis (Official Music Video) ft. Colby O'Donis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Abk1jAONjw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

51.  Lady Gaga - Poker Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bESGLojNYSo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

52.  Leona Lewis - Bleeding Love (US Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vzo-EL_62fQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

53.  M.I.A. - Paper Planes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewRjZoRtu0Y&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

54.  Madonna  - 4 Minutes feat. Justin Timberlake & Timbaland (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAQZPBwz2CI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

55.  Madonna - Frozen (Official Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XS088Opj9o0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

56.  Madonna - Hung Up (Official Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDwb9jOVRtU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

57.  Mariah Carey - Always Be My Baby (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfRNRymrv9k&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

58.  Mariah Carey - Hero (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IA3ZvCkRkQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

59.  Mariah Carey - We Belong Together (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0habxsuXW4g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

60.  Mariah Carey, Boyz II Men - One Sweet Day (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UXxRyNvTPr8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

61.  Maroon 5 - She Will Be Loved (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIjVuRTm-dc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

62.  Maroon 5 - This Love (Closed Captioned).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPpTgCho5ZA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

63.  Michael Jackson - They Don’t Care About Us (Brazil Version) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QNJL6nfu__Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

64.  Michael Jackson - You Are Not Alone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAyKJAtDNCw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

65.  Michael Jackson - You Rock My World (Official Video - Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4tpuu-Up90&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

66.  Miley Cyrus - Party In The U.S.A. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M11SvDtPBhA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

67.  Natalie Imbruglia - Torn (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VV1XWJN3nJo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

68.  Nelly Furtado - Promiscuous (Official Music Video) ft. Timbaland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J3vgcE5i2o&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

69.  Nelly Furtado - Say It Right (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JnGBs88sL0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

70.  No Doubt - Don't Speak (Official 4K Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TR3Vdo5etCQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

71.  NSYNC - Bye Bye Bye (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo-KmOd3i7s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

72.  NSYNC - This I Promise You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6thmPrTxBtI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

73.  Remember the Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qM19eRgOK1Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

74.  Ricky Martin - Livin' La Vida Loca.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p47fEXGabaY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

75.  Rihanna - Take A Bow (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3UjJ4wKLkg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

76.  Rihanna - Umbrella (Orange Version) (Official Music Video) ft. JAY-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvBfHwUxHIk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

77.  Robbie Williams - Feel (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iy4mXZN1Zzk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

78.  Santana - Maria Maria ft. The Product G&B (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPLV7lGbmT4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

79.  Savage Garden - I Knew I Loved You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjnmICxvoVY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

80.  Savage Garden - Truly Madly Deeply.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQnAxOQxQIU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

81.  Shakira - Don't Bother.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MjRRQdnOR-A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

82.  Shakira - Hips Don't Lie ft. Wyclef Jean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUT5rEU6pqM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

83.  Shakira - Whenever, Wherever (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weRHyjj34ZE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

84.  Spice Girls - Wannabe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gJLIiF15wjQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

85.  Taylor Swift - You Belong With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuNIsY6JdUw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

86.  The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD4vsh1zDA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

87.  The Black Eyed Peas - Shut Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRzMtlZjXpU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

88.  The Black Eyed Peas - Where Is The Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpYeekQkAdc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

89.  The Pussycat Dolls - Hush Hush; Hush Hush (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BBsF7VIQyo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

90.  The Pussycat Dolls - Stickwitu (Official Music Video) ft. Avant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1uNjmxJQUo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

91.  Timbaland - Apologize ft. OneRepublic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSM3w1v-A_Y&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

92.  Titanic - My Heart Will Go On (Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gK_2XdjOdY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

93.  Toni Braxton - Un-Break My Heart (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2Rch6WvPJE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

94.  Train - Hey, Soul Sister (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVpv8-5XWOI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

95.  Vanessa Carlton - A Thousand Miles (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cwkej79U3ek&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

96.  Westlife - If I Let You Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NrQei36fJk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

97.  Westlife - My Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulOb9gIGGd0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

98.  Whitney Houston - I Have Nothing (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxYw0XPEoKE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

99.  Whitney Houston - I Will Always Love You (Official 4K Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3JWTaaS7LdU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f

100.  Without You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VY8ZxcDh1s&list=PLGBuKfnErZlDW_l3F2IdL-Xc8ryGKCk4f
90s & 00s Pop Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1990's & 2000's Pop Songs