
1.  Aerosmith - Angel (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CBTOGVb_cQg&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

2.  Bad English - When I See You Smile (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cu6pclWsxzs&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

3.  Belinda Carlisle - Heaven Is A Place On Earth (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOGEyBeoBGM&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

4.  Berlin - Take My Breath Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx51eegLTY8&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

5.  Bette Midler - From A Distance (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lN4AcFzxtdE&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

6.  Bonnie Tyler - Total Eclipse of the Heart (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcOxhH8N3Bo&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

7.  Bryan Adams - Please Forgive Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9EHAo6rEuas&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

8.  Cheap Trick - The Flame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muhFxXce6nA&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

9.  Chicago - Look Away (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2uKLTtVqQpE&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

10.  Cyndi Lauper - Time After Time (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdQY7BusJNU&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

11.  Everybody Wants To Rule The World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ij65wvAGX-c&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

12.  Firehouse - When I Look Into Your Eyes (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQSkuDWhaAo&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

13.  Fleetwood Mac - Dreams [with lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrZRURcb1cM&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

14.  Foreigner - 'I Want To Know What Love Is' [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raNGeq3_DtM&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

15.  Foreigner - Waiting for a Girl Like You [Lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wln6NX0V4AQ&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

16.  Heart - These Dreams (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41P8UxneDJE&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

17.  Journey - Faithfully (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMD8hBsA-RI&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

18.  Madonna - Crazy For You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHutZXREZ0E&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

19.  Madonna - Like A Prayer (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79fzeNUqQbQ&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

20.  Martika - Toy Soldiers (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvdLovAaYzM&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

21.  Michael Bolton - How Can We Be Lovers (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0frA_0MjW8&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

22.  Midnight Oil - Beds Are Burning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejorQVy3m8E&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

23.  Mike & The Mechanics - All I Need Is A Miracle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cAMLa5ZC-B4&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

24.  Mike & The Mechanics - The living Years.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGDA0Hecw1k&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

25.  Phil Collins - I Wish It Would Rain Down (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YcY3FH208l8&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

26.  Phil Collins - One More Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zKVq-P3z5Vg&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

27.  Phil Collins Against All Odds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVjEcIANv1o&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

28.  Richard Marx - Right Here Waiting (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_E2EHVxNAE&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

29.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

30.  Rick Astley - Together Forever (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPYZpwSpKmA&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

31.  Roxette - It Must Have Been Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2C5TjS2sh4&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

32.  Roxette - Listen To Your Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCC_b5WHLX0&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

33.  The Bangles - Eternal Flame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSoOFn3wQV4&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

34.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

35.  Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers - Learning To Fly (Version 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5BJXwNeKsQ&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

36.  Toto - Africa (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

37.  Vanessa Williams - Save The Best For Last (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EdmHSTwmWY&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

38.  Warrant - Heaven (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrSdXtFJG20&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

39.  Wilson Phillips - Hold On (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIbXvaE39wM&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU

40.  Yes - Owner Of A Lonely Heart 1983 Video Sound HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpIduDaggVA&list=PL3BLUCBp1H2R0_xFFdVAx9ZfPvr3FtjgU
80s and Early 90's Easy listening and Lover Songs