
10 Minutes of Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YA3OVLtfFg

10 New Breeder Fish from Dandy Orandas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxrFajtddl0

12 Uses for a Fish Bowl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YKo4KKQjR8k

2014 SOLID GOLD Calendar Unboxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGqaUNjbzBo

2015 Solid Gold Calendar  Giveaway CLOSED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzTTgVZmokc

2016 is Gonna be Good!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEdyz4gJ5aw

29 Gallon Tropical Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtfBeIgB4QE

4 Fishkeepers in 1 LIVE Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wMW852lYCw

4th of July Aquarium - In the Making ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsFLLvOxwTo

55 Gallon Goldfish Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8J9DMVpZS4

70-YEAR-OLD PICKLED GOLDFISH  Japan Goldfish Trip Ep. 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYO4RiQ-NVE

75 Gallons of SOLID GOLD  Goldfish Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OR367NrpkU

75g Goldfish Tank Night and Day Lights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FhqaxL9gBo

A Day in the Life  Goldfish, Geckos & Frogs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_0Sj4EwrtA

A Happy Draw My Life  GOLDFISH EDITION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwEialV4w7g

Adding Fish to My Patio Pond! (Dalmatian & Balloon Mollies)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oRK4bLtrQE

Adding My Frogs to their New Tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5X1jUN1C-wU

Adding Nerite Snails To My Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XalY5nHZ0o

ADDING NEW FISH to the Discus Community Tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcK1NU2cL10

Adding Two New Butterfly Telescopes ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woYd4HtFEo4

Albino Longfin Bristlenose Pleco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HR-UghSeIc

All My Goldfish Are Gone  Final Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9vsCCep8p4

All My Pets in One Video!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnYFGeBW8DA

All My Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-7i4L_LGko

Amazing Macro Apple Snail Scraping Algae
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ht0tUobHZXM

Angelfish Community Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VF9W_yVMj0s

Aquarium Light Show
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dra7PFh4puk

Aquatic Oligochaete Worm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMPpwnO4m3w

Aquatic Worms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8FjNLE61vQ

Are Goldfish Too Genetically Modified Solid Gold Mailbox
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTBlvU3DWKQ

ARE THESE EVEN THE SAME FISH! + Butterflies for Sale this Friday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bxSoJbdcGQ

Around the Fish Room with Jennie  Tank Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlJOmPU7pnc

Baby Leopard Gecko Giveaway (with Custom Cages enclosures!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HvRWH4hqBk

Behind the Scenes of the 2017 Solid Gold Calendar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJ6lLRbMrL8

Behind-the-Scenes at an Aquarium Manufacturer  Custom Aquariums
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4bxPauIEiQ0

Betta Playing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gq9J0aFDnZs

Big News  MOVING On Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LquPTtHEREI

Black Butterfly Beauties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8nrfm8nEcA

Black Lace Halfmoon Betta
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_AVIyuV_eM

Blue Butterfly Telescope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlOvyo5tnmE

Bristol Fry at 2 Weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PQPgvOVUcs

Building My Fish Room Water Change System!  VLOGMAS DAY 7
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFK_DNnfHl0

Butterflies & Ryukin Update  55 Gallon Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PasKSotoBRI

Butterflies in Quarantine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBg832s7XuA

Butterfly and Veiltail Telescope Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5gSzNTzvio

Butterfly Fry at 10 Weeks + UNDERWATER footage!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NjfX5iacVi0

Butterfly Fry at 11 Weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kyyoEXq37g

Butterfly Fry at 12 Weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0-x2PEZH7Q

Butterfly Fry at 4 weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlAEHUFZmoE

Butterfly Fry at 5 weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arNh-QfOnik

Butterfly Fry at 6 Weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejaGcal6Yus

Butterfly Fry at 7 Weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I32r9klrtiw

Butterfly Fry at 8 Weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3ML7HvDsYc

Butterfly Fry at 9 Weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnIhtxBGhGA

Butterfly Fry Update  2 Months Old!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7_L1OqcUvk

Butterfly Fry Update  4 Months Old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8sGoqSXQIw

Butterfly Goldfish Carving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OsKwdq0vo8

Butterfly Goldfish Eating Duckweed in Pond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IKuNeZFS6g

Butterfly Kisses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AtvLeUdF9k

Butterfly Moor Speed Drawing  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeTYnAIkkf0

Butterfly Telescope Babies Update  One Year Old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xl1K8Rxx-F8

Butterfly Telescope Eating Brine Shrimp!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_vwwbZK9g8

Butterfly Telescope Fry at 1 Week
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf7_uZSk6b4

Butterfly Telescope Fry at 2 weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ju1WtvQDq-A

Butterfly Telescope Fry at 3 weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shYp-aZfz8I

Butterfly Telescope Goldfish for Sale + Upcoming Plans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPFnc9aIpsg

Butterfly Telescope Goldfish in HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmMv0pFpFBA

Butterfly Telescopes Eating Gel Food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xP5RB3CTdUA

Buying New Fish at the Koi Show!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88RpeUxEvbg

Calico Butterfly Telescope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1T-RgOhQ07o

Calico Butterfly Telescopes and Ryukin Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKlMvG3Sf7E

Carefree Calico Butterfly Telescopes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2X75ga8JKA

CATFISH CREATE EARTHQUAKES & Goldfish are Lucky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpsafzAgJ8A

Chinese Goldfish  Book Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aqbfb6xJVDI

Christmas Aquarium In the Making ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQbVw0PQQto

CLOSED  Aquarium Planters from Riparium Supply Giveaway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0pdk4FRUIQ

CLOSED  Subscriber Giveaway  Tasty Worms and The Fish Sempai
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sh0TCVajJVc

CLOSED Giveaway - Dandy Orandas Goldfish Gift Certificates!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1P3W4Fvrpcg

CLOSED Subscriber Giveaway  Dandy Orandas Gift Certificate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJzuTnSDA1A

CLOSED Subscriber Giveaway! Seachem, Repashy, and Python Products!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLTYblJDd2I

Clover- redwhite ryukin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xEwKqSL3Po

COLOR ENHANCING Tips for Fish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH4Rji7F9W0

Cycling Your Aquarium  What Pet Stores Don't Tell You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6W92KuT-T8A

Dandy Orandas New Goldfish Unboxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2ZRtlotWZU

Dart Frog Tank in Progress- Misting System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvaRWn71wzw

Day In The Life  New Baby Tortoise & Feeding My Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIKtC1OG8I0

DAY OF THE DEAD GOLDFISH TANK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uZzX8oyCSM

Debunking Goldfish Myths, Art Giveaway & Sad News  UPDATES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EpwOnGbTP8Y

Demetyoubi Felted Goldfish Art Unboxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2F9jSGu-NY

DESTROYING My Fish Room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULHMNyFm7ck

Did I Come Home with New Fish  Central FL Koi Show 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y-RbjFrCKuI

Divided Betta Fish Tank - meet my 3 new bettas!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfyzB3WJfDk

DIY Aquarium Divider
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um13ZgKRLs0

Easy DIY Spawning Mops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RyG8rPys1yU

EPIC Dandy Orandas Live Goldfish Unboxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmfhcEWwmp8

EPIC FISH ROOM Under Construction!  Solid Gold Aquatics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbhz6dUqddY

EPIC FISH ROOM Update!  Solid Gold Aquatics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUlZf76h7G8

Epic Water Change Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8N0aePIsBQ0

Exciting News!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imMe0pqH9Oo

Extreme Macro Nerite Snail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4txh0p7ovI

FAN MAIL UNBOXING + answering your questions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hh5rQ_Q21ck

Feed Us!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4VsB0S2Tl8

Feeding All My Pets!  VLOGMAS DAY 8
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-BsWODPaN4

Feeding All My Reptiles & Amphibians (1569374)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyjQG6gcqZ8

Feeding ALL My Reptiles & Amphibians
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdFeCcRvQvM

Feeding My Axolotls!  VLOGMAS DAY 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qer1jGF34hI

Feeding My Goldfish - the fun way!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7T1rz0gqVs

Female RW Butterfly  Minai
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbnXUmoIpyM

Female Tri-Color Butterfly  Sophie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Agb4GEBVRBg

Figaro's Aria  Goldfish Edition
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4w1BnDds2xg

Fish Louse Parasite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kqiujZVuMV0

Fish Pond or Frog Pond  POND UPDATES
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKNENXp5eII

Fish Room Air  Tank Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtH71ifv_qQ

Fish Room DISASTER Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8mNYOVU7iY

Fish Room is ALMOST DONE! + Goldfish Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TppLwqOXrb8

Fish Room Shelving & Q&A Announcement
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zn0uyYOEnW0

FISH ROOM UPDATE  Preparing for New Fish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GYZ4-FnR688

Fish Room Update  Tank Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R-uNU775vCA

Fish Room Update!  Installing the New Backgrounds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDV35lrXFrA

Fish Room Update!  Tank Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBoz8cGFJcg

FISH ROOM UPDATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyPgwpKQbPA

Fish Room Updates  VLOGMAS DAY 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ji6lA1Jy1Y8

FOR SALE Completed Dart Frog Vivarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek4izLJhtBo

Four Beautiful Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjw5P9QWMEo

GARAGE TO FISH ROOM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y2giAUa6JZU

Gashapon Goldfish Unboxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SA-Nr3fmaD4

German Shepherd Swims with Turtles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUudG_r7dFI

Getting Goldfish in the Mail - Unboxing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2kaaWrutqE

GETTING GOLDFISH IN THE MAIL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjh4Cmu5TIc

Getting Goldfish Through TSA!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHAHzgmjSxQ

Ghost Bristols  6 Months Later
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RyswhjOXSMo

Ghost Bristols  Fish Photography
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9vLHJca_aU

Ghost Bristols at 2 Months Old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxCw6wdbrdM

Ghosts  Matte Bristols Eating Pellets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=panB9e-x3iE

Girls EAT Aquarium Fish Food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtcOmyRHS-U

Goldfish Anatomy - External & Internal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g76jDJ551Vs

Goldfish Aquarium Upgrade
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hk03VSnagHk

Goldfish Aquarium, October 2010
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSUxCZ5aqjw

Goldfish At Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WD9hdNIjIgU

Goldfish Care Basics  Tank Size
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o94YZZLJkRM

Goldfish Duo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SP_JVAYCpRA

Goldfish Eating Repashy Gel Food from a Rock!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_w2GWWBzzpQ

Goldfish Eating Saki-Hikari Pellets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raLOYVcuz9o

Goldfish Enjoying Fresh Spinach and Peas!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKDx9Lu1ihM

Goldfish Enrichment - Mimic Foraging Behavior
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhDqUnV6Q-k

Goldfish Feeding Frenzy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2JXoTBG-yY

Goldfish Fireworks!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CN0cN4d6g4

Goldfish Food Frenzy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSIULLvGKQ8

Goldfish Fry at 4 Weeks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AD2kVgs1Ioc

Goldfish in Extreme Detail (macro photography)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWQQUhmpozI

Goldfish Jack-O'-Lantern ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fh_S1XxVQTE

Goldfish Learning to use an Interactive Feeder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqXn1KMBinY

Goldfish Lullaby - Broadtail Ryukins ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8AaRImq4s4

Goldfish Meal Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxO8CGysZoo

Goldfish Moving Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1p2sSKIlRp0

Goldfish or Piranhas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWk9P4FhHB0

Goldfish Pond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JnXJ_XQ9Co

GOLDFISH PROBLEMS ARE BACK... awaiting vet diagnosis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XrDYS7WDWI

Goldfish Q&A with Jennifer Lynx
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWrsPbpsSJE

Goldfish Room Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxOYM2uF9jQ

Goldfish Spawning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7i78jWLcRM

Goldfish Speed Drawing  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVGj8lBDP2g

Goldfish Talk with Jennie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fppWkFWLCsw

Goldfish Tank with Ikea Dioder Lights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UcWDV8N67M4

Goldfish Tank, December 2012
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0ihP2-LSSc

Goldfish Treat Ball - Food Dispensing Toy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wCcw158Zls

Goldfish UPDATE  Butterfly Telescopes in 75 Gallon Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C9wtysq5WOg

Goldfish UPDATE  Female Butterfly Telescopes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfPRdCAvw9Q

Goldfish UPDATE  Male Butterfly Telescopes in Wading Pool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFIXCF1N0v0

Goldfish Update  My Keeper Babies + Sad News About Sophie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-A_u0dB8A_Y

Goldfish UPDATE  Rare Jikins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ5KT_gRwnc

Goldfish Zen ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NQxG4z5noyk

Gorgeous Red Broadtail Ryukins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hhJZLyuVKo

Gorgeous Reptiles & Amphibians  Repticon Orlando 2018
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ku8ASRYk8_g

Growing MONSTER Goldfish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k326_yiQG1s

Gullible Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek5vXCO6K1k

Halloween Aquarium In The Making ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wtv6KvIMg0

HALLOWEEN GOLDFISH TANK  in the Making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUtK_xobl_A

HALLOWEEN GOLDFISH TANK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnojKeD3HHg

Hand-Feeding My Fish  UNDERWATER CAMERA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovct12O3L9Y

Hand-Feeding White Butterfly Telescope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcRFaYbdfPo

Hand-Feeding Your Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxCVMWqW4-k

Handfeeding a Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AP6F8IZ9kbo

Handfeeding My Hungry Goldfish  UNDERWATER CAMERA!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xv7R8FBG2w

Happy New Year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvtE2lmWhSM

Hardscape & Equipment for My New MYSTERY FISH!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRBhBd2JS0E

Hey Minnesotans!  meetup this weekend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avsVw4-DnGI

Hillstream Loach- Amazing Macro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U51OLaSj02s

Home for Christmas  VLOGMAS DAY 9
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tk05-b4sgMY

How a WetDry Filter System Works
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAzZZwibQKk

How Are My Axolotls Doing! - UPDATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7Bq8cFgNEY

HOW FISH TANKS ARE MADE!  p.s. I want a chameleon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g92tqo5nSLQ

How I Do Water Changes for My Betta Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9h8KTYMHP5w

How I Moved With My Reptiles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rv4sMDWdyI4

How I'll Manage 3,000+ Gallons of Water! + NEW FISH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xI186ajMPE

How To Anchor Plants Without Substrate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxEWJ2Gbn5s

How To Aquarium Record Keeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmiq38kedk8

How To Clean Fake Plants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gidnD8wmW2k

How To Clean Sand Aquarium Substrate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HlIwUUeCvuc

How To Euthanize Fish Humanely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWtEmGrLSN0

HOW TO FEED GOLDFISH PROPERLY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Ltcy6vxw4E

How To Feed Repashy Gel Food on a Rock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebmcf8cEGlo

How To Fish Baytril Injection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mpzO1lAHSM

How To Hydrogen Peroxide Swab for Goldfish I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rj4D2JwRIxQ

How To Hydrogen Peroxide Swab for Goldfish II
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xN1s_0jdaRA

How to Make Fake Frost on Your Aquarium Glass ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ChcBNdJ3PZw

How to Move with Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNOYUe50FD8

How To Moving with Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FB530ugkyyM

How To Preparing Spinach For Your Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTeTOpwWqQE

How to Properly Acclimate New Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ep7gkQZhWM

How to Relieve Sores on Floaty Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWPwAlNM8ZA

How To Set Up a Goldfish Bowl - SARCASM ALERT!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yB7zswF4SEs

HOW TO SET UP A GOLDFISH TANK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4-oce1tVHc

How To Set Up A White's Tree Frog Enclosure
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aD7vyDUnFL4

How to Sex a Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmKkuf9_5CU

How To Sterilizing Aquarium Equipment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RK3kZ8p1gzM

How To Testing Your Aquarium Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXuDcs-Y5F0

How To Use Crushed Coral To Buffer Your Aquarium Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GLilfCxfVF8

How To Weighing Your Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lt_SldWgf8I

HUGE Goldfish Collection + Room Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKe0fNhyuQM

Hungry Goldfish ? ? ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBzSEIpU5xo

Hungry Hungry Goldfish Babies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D30bLekFMOI

Hurricane Matthew is Coming for My Goldfish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23PJgJxyjg0

I Got a Bunny!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBc6yY0po4k

I Got a New Baby Bunny!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9EoYCOyFUc

I Got Axolotls from a Fan!  Unboxing My New Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIim8qH7c58

I GOT INVITED TO JAPAN  Japan Goldfish Trip Ep.1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1drBu8Wcxk

I GOT NEW GOLDFISH!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzR-Bw_Ethk

I LIKE WINE & GOLDFISH  Changes on the Horizon for Solid Gold
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QMpxO_R1joQ

I'M BUILDING A FISH ROOM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hF9sHx-uVU

I'm Getting New Fish!  Tank Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RoccFjERFuU

I'M IN FLORIDA  Fish Room Tour + Updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TKCN7S5bVPE

I'M IN TOKYO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ohYUF8yFpE

Ice Fishing in Minnesota!  VLOGMAS DAY 10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_K821nFQHo

Important Giveaway Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iLLifwocmM

Impromptu Fish Room Tour + Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqiWTY605tA

In Memory of Callisto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lI7umvUuoQA

Installing a Bottom Drain on a 650gal Tank  FISH ROOM VLOG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmJ6vxn2Yfk

Interview with Ken Fischer of Dandy Orandas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wko6hLTbaJY

IS IT RIGHT TO BREED FANCY GOLDFISH (why I no longer have goldfish)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6rjXXH88-I

IT'S GIVEAWAY TIME!  Watch Me Draw (January Calendar Giveaway)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfRNlZa9ru8

Jennie's Goldfish Stuff Collection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bv5keI4NXxM

Jennie's MN Meet-Up Live Stream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2WXq1y4u28

JUMBO Black Orandas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGVD1_z19nE

Kangaroos, Owls & Alpacas at Japanese Petting Zoo!  Japan Goldfish Trip Ep. 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1Vz7mGcXZA

Kingyo Book Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Pue3CLj9Oo

Lavender Butterfly Telescope Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPZ7dyJoAW4

Let's Build an EPIC FISH ROOM!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmR6-ENwb9o

LET'S GET A NEW PET!  Daytona Reptile Breeders' Expo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvmSBx9NBlg

Let's Talk Fish with Ted Judy of Ted's Fishroom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSwC00n4ql4

LIVE Chat with Jennie from Solid Gold Aquatics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NFRilXCB_YA

Luca Foraging
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fu8fAapH_4o

Macro Goldfish (video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYfmIW4v_gE

Making Dog Ice Cream for My German Shepherd  Palmer's Kitchen Ep.1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aSrUMRAjALk

Male Panda Butterfly  Clyde
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XuwV6rGueis

Male RW Butterfly  Benji
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNAuL21i0hA

Male RW Butterfly  Felix
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLwPaXvSOhc

Male RW Butterfly  Monacle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0reGBPZ2fY

Male White Butterfly  Luca
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38MEKqDJLLQ

Meet My Leopard Geckos (finally!!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99Wrl9N7YKg

Midnight Snack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4zTCSJDZRE

MN Aquarium Society Show 2014  Tank Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGvqNmNGdx8

Mugen and Fuu ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zP2VGyXtjY

My 13 New Goldfish! (wakin, watonai, hibuna & oranda)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYZh93WRXuA

My Backyard Goldfish Pond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaKfpPsDmsY

My Broadtail Moors  Goldfish UPDATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sT88vcmOcL8

My Brother Feeds My Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56_mWKQsoXU

My Cats Learned Something New!  SureFeed Microchip Cat Feeder Unboxing & Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrwOM26H2FE

My Cats Try on Halloween Costumes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LsDYw_33RE

My Dart Frogs Have Gotten So Big!  VLOGMAS DAY 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOCBwt4WJrc

MY FISH LAID EGGS!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMcvE_nR4d0

My Goldfish During a Water Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_QomULbeHA

My Hanging Plant Wall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZ7nhDOTnE8

My HUGE Goldfish Collection (I'm selling it)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEtiF8mSjqA

My kitten was stuck inside a wall.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qqNxcvZAnc

My Leopard Gecko Terrariums 1 Year Later...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrpJq2taob0

My Leopard Geckos Had Babies (and OMG they're SO cute!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WrUdZzooMyo

My New Corn Snake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGcFiUcqSnM

MY NEW FISH POND!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUDX6OCXEyc

MY NEW FROG PEED ON ME
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r44Ea8YYZs0

My Pinky Bristols From Gary Hater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJdtaTb8G-w

Naturalistic Leopard Gecko Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36X6ySN-Nm4

Nerite Snails and Prazi ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hycKhWUswJc

Never Scoop Cat Litter Again  My Cats Try the Litter Robot
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJm0oVlNQx4

NEW 90 Gallon Tank NOT for Goldfish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITu-ITwWE1M

New Angelfish & Fish Updates!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dHuhoPBC9Y

NEW AQUARIUMS ARE HERE!  VLOGMAS DAY 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yg8UpUWoNfE

New Baby Tree Frog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jly9jgOqrzI

New Betta, Lucy Update & Fun Goldfish Unboxing!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CPFbUiSK_U8

New Bioactive DART FROG Vivarium!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dde1dldjYRE

New Broadtail Ryukins in QT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zERs_Xaj-Go

New Broadtails in QT- side view
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxDoyXgC97Y

New Butterflies Weight, Length, and Sex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LkgP9jm8E3g

New Butterfly Fry + Updates  Tank Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZus-l5wf64

New Butterfly Telescopes!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDytnD2dJ_g

NEW DART FROGS  Setting Up a Temporary Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwTPLKsMtR0

NEW FISH for the Discus Tank!  Unboxing & Discus Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-iKWOjeNyk

New Fish Room Tour  Tank Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L73WP3DVrio

New Fish Stuff!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82iSx_iO2V4

New Fish UPDATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2CT2LMc3hk

New Goldfish Garage Design & Plans
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EChghzUgPYk

New Nerite Snails! (In Quarantine)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6d3expCxa4

New Pets, New Projects (I'm back!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiK6NUlBhP8

New Rain Garden Watonai
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xVB-UzxugY

Newly Hatched Goldfish Fry  FISH ROOM VLOG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yXTuoIgr5U

Nibblers!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUxOq-JsrZ8

Oops, I Did it Again  New Jikins from Dandy Orandas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucMRC7cGVK4

Ophelia is a Boy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqQNGfaC2zA

Orlando Koi Show Live Sneak-Peek!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WRfZ7PS6lzM

Outdoor Goldfish Room Tour!  Jennie Visits Water Pigs USA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bb0kz1evHs

Panda Butterfly Telescope Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQnGbVa2aas

PATIO POND for Fancy Goldfish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxxVuomtMDI

Peaceful Butterflies ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVRkDnuYElg

Peaceful Night Aquarium ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UX3dpLzcbGk

Photos of My Goldfish  March 2013
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o31Q3sgLFdg

Picking My New Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M87EQwBgknc

Pond for HUGE Snapping Turtles!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53dd0CUV3Cc

RARE & BEAUTIFUL GOLDFISH  Japan Goldfish Trip Ep.4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fpaN-xBq_8

REBUILDING My Fish Room
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GKdxPQfxUG0

Red Broadtails Eating in QT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdW9OotEga4

Red Butterfly Telescope Goldfish - Female
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pLXF-hP-7yw

Red Oranda River  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=254dDrkgJYY

RedWhite Male Butterfly Telescope Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcTywHlZg-A

Relaxing Goldfish Tank  10 Minutes of Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7qRpcTUwYHM

Ryukin and Butterfly Telescopes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXIPW89e4Qk

Ryukin at Night
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpSdNDVWNOU

Ryukin Goldfish Growth and Change
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Xx5JxzmkUc

Ryukin Goldfish Laying Eggs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TrOlO9NW_A

Ryukins and Butterfies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFCRNF6ukqU

Ryukins Eating Bloodworms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8wZ7_tTkyk

Salt Dip Tutorial for Sick Fish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnSplP0Zips

Seeing Red - Goldfish Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftOTgMAUvaQ

Setting Up a Quarantine Tank - I'm Getting New Fish!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KvIMiZvWjk

Setting Up My New Goldfish Tanks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNGZiaNHRkU

Shipping 200 Calendars Made Me Delirious  VLOGMAS DAY 4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNfzmaBh1GU

Shipping My Fish Edgar to New York
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhElkFip0yo

Should I Get a Pond!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rz0GX4RbhMw

Sick Bunny Goes to the Vet  VLOGMAS DAY 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BgQS5FlZnzk

Snail Unboxing and First Impressions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2JjM22ER2w

Solid Gold Aquatics FIRST Live Stream
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zmjd0v8ACsM

Solid Gold BLOOPSTERS REEL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDLep49dRCU

Solid Gold Fish Room Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSO1DE6kjTA

SOLID GOLD HAS A BETTA!  Unboxing & Adding Plants to My Betta Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkGlcUiVSS0

Solid Gold is BACK
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PS6n9gRfqcM

Solid Gold Mailbox  Opening YOUR Mail
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOTByxkD2Ug

SOLID GOLD VISITS DANDY ORANDAS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8dDc9Q1yAU

Something's Fishy About This Q&A Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHgNXyU78zM

Spawning Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_biAULXcy40

Spitting Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpMSgF7FEv0

String Algae, Green Spot Algae & Ostracods... OH MY!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvbZKVHdIIk

SUPER Realistic Aquarium Backgrounds!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EA6X1bh9-U

Switching Up the Goldfish Tank!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2HR5WS_mM0

Sylvia Explores Her New Home  Leopard Gecko Tank Setup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sa141Q_h6KA

Telescope Goldfish  1 Year Later
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D887Bbbzf4Y

THANK YOU For 100K Subscribers (in which I cry!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLhy6daup1U

The Most Adorable Goldfish Art Ever!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4VbQZWKQqS4

The Office of a Goldfish Stuff HOARDER!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzIOy70S4T4

The Telescope Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGR8W8W_ODo

THEY GROW SO FAST!  4 Week Baby Goldfish Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCMsyodARAc

Things have changed.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYMGbi7f2vA

THIS is the stuff you DON'T see!  Solid Gold Aquatics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ko8d1gv3xfU

THOUSANDS of Goldfish!  Japan Goldfish Trip Ep. 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kfw4qm0107U

Three Butterflies and One Veiltail Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnPz33TMtHM

TOKYO GOLDFISH CAFE  Japan Goldfish Trip Ep. 6
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXAAA3SBIQ4

Top View Butterfly Telescope Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDLQmXE1B4o

Top View Calico Butterflies and Ryukin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yr-k-8J1BLg

TRAPPED IN A CLOWNFISH AQUARIUM!  Solid Gold Aquatics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3YuOo1MX-4

Treating for Flukes with Aqua Prazi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCesMRFlLIU

TUTORIAL  Brine Shrimp Hatchery HD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc9ZuzCSepQ

Two Ryukins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WskA02Tg8NU

Unboxing & Setting Up 6 Terrariums
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UbKzhrgRus

Unboxing a New Goldfish  Solid Gold Aquatics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXM9c7maDSs

Unboxing My FIRST Reptile EVER (the lost video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O34hIQn9fB4

Unboxing My New Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29MKGCc9dI0

Unboxing My New Leopard Gecko!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=div2L_PnFM4

Unboxing My New MYSTERY FISH!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FaDTtbNXEnc

Upper Midwest Koi Show 2013  Tank Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awlGwQggFlA

US Bred Baby Broadtail Moors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jr4Ia8CFxCE

Vet Switches from Fish Bowl to Tank! ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMN3UYw3PuQ

Veterinary Clinic Goldfish  Tank Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHWzLTMAahA

Water Change Tutorial  Goldfish Care
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFD5qZ2xb7o

Water Changes  What Pet Stores Don't Tell You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtLpJvVKFyI

Watercolor Pencil Goldfish  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8Zt1P7GmP0

Welcome to Solid Gold  Channel Trailer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7yxzm7acpdg

What DIDN'T Happen.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2vlGG0rceQ

What Does My Sister Think of My Goldfish Obsession  SISTER TAG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WV3ig_DavC0

WHAT HAPPENED AND HOW ARE MY PETS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UjBzKXq1l4

What is SOLID GOLD AQUATICS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7HmgGylj7s

WHAT IS THAT BUG IN MY AQUARIUM!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3joRYZxMO4

What the Heck is a Watonai  Goldfish UPDATE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3Pjf5iy2LM

White Butterfly Telescope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AryYfh-afxA

White Spots on Goldfish Fins  Breeding Tubercles 101
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJkJ1k6e30g

White-base Calico Butterfly Telescope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDZUHsJGSOM

Why Crested Geckos are Amazing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZehtzRlgHI

Why I went to the hospital.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VduJIutWetg

Why Not to Keep Goldfish in a Bowl 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tB3wSHkWSZA

Why Not to Keep Goldfish in a Bowl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwVIXxKlzj8

Will I Ever Have Goldfish Again (or any fish)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax4ienIo7Us

Wiring the Fish Room  Tank Talk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubb2QrP_W9U

WOW! So Many BIG Show Quality Goldfish!  Goldfish Palooza in California with Jennie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTzSGjQzY7Y

WOWZA! Color Changing Cuttlefish, Moray Eels, and More!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wjrp_rSyR10

You asked for this... (Houseplant Tour)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-z68CReuITI

YOU CAN MAIL FISH!  How Fish are Packaged for Shipping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHPEC_OeY90

Young Black Butterfly Telescope Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4xKf4Sulq0

Your GIVEAWAY for February!  Watch Me Draw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhw7ZfDxgRw

Zebra Nerite Snail Adventure!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-xujXsKfr8

Zooming Nerites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TuSime7xsI8

? The Blue Lagoon - Goldfish Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXZCCo6bu1I

? 75 Gallon Tank Setup with Overflow and Sump
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Go0jDtuPro

? Fish Bowls are FOES! ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDFDC4yfB1Q

? Goldfish TEETH! ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5WheSjtyY4

? The Aquarium Cycle - Illustrated Video ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bK_D_1CyUCs

?? 4th of July Goldfish Aquarium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5k0aSFuZsmE

? Goldfish Aquarium - Ryukins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0cz4HFMLV0

? Repashy Soilent Green Gel Food for Goldfish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_99SGys2tY

?Happy Fish!?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oup1kIidTe4

? Sleeping Goldfish - Peaceful Lullaby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBFvsq7U-qY

? Goldfish Tank  New Decor ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkR-SADIM-o

? Something's Fishy about this Valentine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3WLfz5lnNZM

? Black & Red Telescope  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCIJQvYB1uQ

? Black Moor Cro  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mnNCMzBhmyM

? Blue Oranda  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=62rq2iqHmz8

? Butterfly Telescope Outline  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYdWOpXbLoo

? Dia de Muertos Goldfish  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pbHgnd7jKE

? Drawing Series  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=li3oGaGsIbo

? Pinky Bristol Shubunkin  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEm0s1KYoyc

? Red and White Oranda  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pofnY4sQz3o

? Redwhite Butterfly Telescope  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sMi_gJCeQM

? Tamasaba Goldfish  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XerfPo6qHm0

? White Butterfly Telescope  Solid Gold Sketchbook
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dB6u0sOkSzU

? How To Test Your Aquarium Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVNSgFIOAYk

? Christmas Fish Tank! ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2F1mPSwOUw

? Christmas Lights Fish Tank ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0tYNOzjB7E

? Winter Wonderland Aquarium  in the making
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6E8bHZt8pmE

? WINTER WONDERLAND AQUARIUM ?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Imx5t0wGiDU

?? Relaxing Angelfish Aquarium with Sleep Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_XIqUHaGgA

??  Haunted Halloween Aquarium ??
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ex2o8d_JK10

?? The Ghosts  Matte White Bristol Shubunkins
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_KWyKDDgTY
Jennifer Lynx - Videos