
1.  3 Doors Down - Kryptonite (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPU8OAjjS4k&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

2.  50 Cent - Candy Shop (Official Music Video) ft. Olivia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRcnnId15BA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

3.  50 Cent - In Da Club (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qm8PH4xAss&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

4.  50 Cent - P.I.M.P. (Snoop Dogg Remix) ft. Snoop Dogg, G-Unit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDApZhXTpH8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

5.  98º - I Do (Cherish You) [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kofixtz2Us&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

6.  A.R. Rahman, The Pussycat Dolls - Jai Ho (You Are My Destiny) ft. Nicole Scherzinger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yc5OyXmHD0w&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

7.  Adele - Chasing Pavements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08DjMT-qR9g&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

8.  Aerosmith - Jaded (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbexOeoH5hg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

9.  Afroman - Because I Got High (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeYsTmIzjkw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

10.  Alanis Morissette - Crazy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lu0fTmHsDqE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

11.  Alanis Morissette - Thank U (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOgpT5rEKIU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

12.  Alanis Morissette Hands Clean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbrbhJttNu8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

13.  Alicia Keys - A Woman's Worth (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtMUIwOE2ss&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

14.  Alicia Keys - Fallin' (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Urdlvw0SSEc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

15.  Alicia Keys - No One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rywUS-ohqeE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

16.  Alicia Keys - You Don't Know My Name (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ST6ZRbhGiA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

17.  Alien Ant Farm - Movies (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJ2t4jfVTiU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

18.  Alien Ant Farm - Smooth Criminal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDl9ZMfj6aE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

19.  Amy Winehouse - Rehab.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUmZp8pR1uc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

20.  Ashlee Simpson - La La (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1m0LhDiMj8Q&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

21.  Ashlee Simpson - Pieces Of Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJCsyLUCSXI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

22.  Audioslave - Like a Stone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QU1nvuxaMA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

23.  Avril Lavigne - Complicated (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NPBIwQyPWE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

24.  Avril Lavigne - Girlfriend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bg59q4puhmg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

25.  Avril Lavigne - I'm With You (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGR65RWwzg8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

26.  Avril Lavigne - Keep Holding On.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyzBOH24oZA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

27.  Avril Lavigne - My Happy Ending (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8QYxmpuyxg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

28.  Avril Lavigne - Sk8er Boi (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIy3n2b7V9k&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

29.  Backstreet Boys - Shape Of My Heart (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OT5msu-dap8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

30.  Backstreet Boys - Show Me The Meaning Of Being Lonely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBt8fN7mJNg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

31.  Bad Day - Daniel Powter [Lyrics on screen].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SEn1y2RAgs&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

32.  Baha Men - Who Let The Dogs Out (Original version)  Full HD  1080p.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qkuu0Lwb5EM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

33.  Beyoncé - Baby Boy (Video) ft. Sean Paul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ucz_pm3LX8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

34.  Beyoncé - Check On It (Video) ft. Bun B, Slim Thug.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q1dUDzBdnmI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

35.  Beyoncé - Crazy In Love ft. JAY Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViwtNLUqkMY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

36.  Beyoncé - Deja Vu (MTV Video Version) ft. Jay-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQ9BWndKEgs&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

37.  Beyoncé - Halo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnVUHWCynig&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

38.  Beyoncé - Irreplaceable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EwViQxSJJQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

39.  Beyoncé - Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It) (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m1EFMoRFvY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

40.  Beyoncé - Sweet Dreams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlxByc0-V40&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

41.  Beyoncé - Video Phone (Extended Remix featuring Lady Gaga).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGkvXp0vdng&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

42.  blink-182 - Adam's Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MRdtXWcgIw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

43.  blink-182 - All The Small Things (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ht5RZpzPqw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

44.  blink-182 - Feeling This (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kMZ23T9VHE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

45.  blink-182 - First Date (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVy9Lgpg1m8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

46.  blink-182 - I Miss You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1tAYmMjLdY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

47.  blink-182 - Josie (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6kfin-UeAQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

48.  blink-182 - Stay Together For The Kids (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1BFHYtZlAU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

49.  blink-182 - What's My Age Again (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7l5ZeVVoCA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

50.  Bloodhound Gang - Mope (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2NFl86LX3Q&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

51.  Bloodhound Gang - The Bad Touch (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xat1GVnl8-k&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

52.  Blu Cantrell - Hit 'Em Up Style (Oops!) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMOKlXfXn50&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

53.  Bon Jovi - It's My Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx2u5uUu3DE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

54.  Boyz II Men - Water Runs Dry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9N9opF-PK5k&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

55.  Boyzone - Picture Of You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryCIAJRTwJg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

56.  Britney Spears - 3 (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTs6oQx1WJY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

57.  Britney Spears - Boys (Album Version) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s25OMP4Ww6Y&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

58.  Britney Spears - Circus (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVhJ_A8XUgc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

59.  Britney Spears - Everytime (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8YzabSdk7ZA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

60.  Britney Spears - From The Bottom Of My Broken Heart (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHPnGqXXUmI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

61.  Britney Spears - Gimme More (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elueA2rofoo&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

62.  Britney Spears - If U Seek Amy (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aEnnH6t8Ts&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

63.  Britney Spears - Lucky (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vvBAONkYwI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

64.  Britney Spears - Me Against The Music (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clwLKJ294u4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

65.  Britney Spears - My Prerogative (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIOH8Trfas4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

66.  Britney Spears - Oops!...I Did It Again (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CduA0TULnow&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

67.  Britney Spears - Overprotected.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZYSiWHW8V0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

68.  Britney Spears - Piece Of Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4FF6MpcsRw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

69.  Britney Spears - Toxic (Official HD Video) (1306216).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOZuxwVk7TU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

70.  Britney Spears - Toxic (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOZuxwVk7TU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

71.  Britney Spears - Womanizer (Director's Cut) (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMqayQ-U74s&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

72.  Busta Rhymes, Mariah Carey - I Know What You Want (Official HD Video) ft. Flipmode Squad.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WDaNJW_jEBo&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

73.  Chamillionaire - Ridin' (Official Music Video) ft. Krayzie Bone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtwJvgPJ9xw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

74.  Chris Brown - With You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmjdaBaZe8Y&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

75.  Christina Aguilera - Ain't No Other Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8x7Ta89QLo4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

76.  Christina Aguilera - Beautiful (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eAfyFTzZDMM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

77.  Christina Aguilera - Can't Hold Us Down (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dg8QgUIKXHw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

78.  Christina Aguilera - Candyman (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ScjucUV8v0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

79.  Christina Aguilera - Come On Over (All I Want Is You).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RQDIJ2CvbA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

80.  Christina Aguilera - Dirrty (VIDEO) ft. Redman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Rg3sAb8Id8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

81.  Christina Aguilera - Fighter (VIDEO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PstrAfoMKlc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

82.  Christina Aguilera - Hurt (Main Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwCykGDEp7M&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

83.  Christina Aguilera - I Turn To You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4q05resEvc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

84.  Christina Aguilera - Keeps Gettin' Better.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkPxgUshpec&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

85.  Christina Aguilera - What A Girl Wants (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpspGHeLOPE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

86.  Christina Aguilera, Lil' Kim, Mya, Pink - Lady Marmalade (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQa7SvVCdZk&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

87.  Ciara - 1, 2 Step (Official Video) ft. Missy Elliott.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBHNgV6_znU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

88.  Coldplay - Clocks (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d020hcWA_Wg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

89.  Crazy Town - Butterfly (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FEDrU85FLE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

90.  Creed - Higher (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J16lInLZRms&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

91.  Creed - My Sacrifice (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-fyNgHdmLI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

92.  Creed - With Arms Wide Open (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99j0zLuNhi8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

93.  Céline Dion - A New Day Has Come (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaGLVS5b_ZY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

94.  Céline Dion - That's The Way It Is (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6wbugWrfLU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

95.  D'Angelo - Untitled (How Does It Feel) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxVNOnPyvIU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

96.  Daft Punk - One More Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGBhQbmPwH8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

97.  Daughtry - No Surprise.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyl24HRGgSU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

98.  Destiny's Child - Bills, Bills, Bills (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NiF6-0UTqtc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

99.  Destiny's Child - Bootylicious.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyYnnUcgeMc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

100.  Destiny's Child - Independent Women, Pt. 1 (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lPQZni7I18&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

101.  Destiny's Child - Jumpin Jumpin (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vjw92oUduEM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

102.  Destiny's Child - Lose My Breath (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqeIiF0DlTg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

103.  Destiny's Child - Survivor (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wmc8bQoL-J0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

104.  Dido - Here with Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSu5nAQ7uZw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

105.  Dido - Life for Rent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFtNChII78k&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

106.  Dido - Thank You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TO48Cnl66w&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

107.  Dido - White Flag (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-fWDrZSiZs&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

108.  Eminem - Cleanin' Out My Closet (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RQ9_TKayu9s&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

109.  Eminem - Stan (Long Version) ft. Dido.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOMhN-hfMtY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

110.  Eminem - Without Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVkUvmDQ3HY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

111.  Enrique Iglesias - Escape (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9mQJaXwGPlg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

112.  Enrique Iglesias - Hero (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koJlIGDImiU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

113.  Evanescence - Bring Me To Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YxaaGgTQYM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

114.  Evanescence - Call Me When You're Sober (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RrA-R5VHQs&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

115.  Evanescence - Going Under (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdhqVtpR2ts&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

116.  Evanescence - Lithium (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJGpsL_XYQI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

117.  Eve - Let Me Blow Ya Mind (Official Music Video) ft. Gwen Stefani.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt88GMJmVk0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

118.  Fall Out Boy - Dance, Dance (Closed Captioned, With Prologue).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6MOKXm8x50&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

119.  Fergie - Big Girls Don't Cry (Personal) (Extended Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6sqA9QtV5I&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

120.  Fergie - Big Girls Don't Cry (Personal) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agrXgrAgQ0U&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

121.  Fergie - Clumsy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tf_gPZSDIxI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

122.  Fergie - Fergalicious (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T0utQ-XWGY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

123.  Foo Fighters - Best Of You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_L4Rixya64&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

124.  Foo Fighters - Learn To Fly (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VQ_3sBZEm0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

125.  Fountains of Wayne - Stacy's Mom (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dZLfasMPOU4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

126.  Garbage - Cherry Lips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cy1LdAaGASw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

127.  Gnarls Barkley - Crazy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bd2B6SjMh_w&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

128.  Goo Goo Dolls - Here is Gone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlT7t7C24pI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

129.  Gorillaz - 19-2000.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tq7Ovshz1UI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

130.  Gorillaz - Clint Eastwood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UclCCFNG9q4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

131.  Gorillaz - DARE (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAOR6ib95kQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

132.  Gorillaz - Rock The House (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRlmM88zzbY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

133.  Green Day - Boulevard Of Broken Dreams [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soa3gO7tL-c&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

134.  Green Day - Wake Me Up When September Ends [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NU9JoFKlaZ0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

135.  Gwen Stefani - Cool (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGwZ7MNtBFU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

136.  Gwen Stefani - Hollaback Girl (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kgjkth6BRRY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

137.  Gwen Stefani - The Sweet Escape (Closed Captioned) ft. Akon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0lf_fE3HwA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

138.  Gwen Stefani - What You Waiting For (Extended Explicit Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWA4uJOXF-g&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

139.  hellogoodbye  - Here In Your Arms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-KQ1tp_qOQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

140.  Hilary Duff - So Yesterday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lt6PVVr4B04&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

141.  Hoobastank - The Reason (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV4DiAyExN0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

142.  In The End [Official HD Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVTXPUF4Oz4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

143.  Incubus - Nice to Know You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qf_7mEPMIAc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

144.  Jennifer Lopez - All I Have (Official Video) ft. LL Cool J.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yeSJ2YdhG5k&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

145.  Jennifer Lopez - Get Right (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WIsnC-h1d0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

146.  Jennifer Lopez - I'm Real (Remix) ft. Ja Rule.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sjx9oSJDAVQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

147.  Jennifer Lopez - Jenny from the Block (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dly6p4Fu5TE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

148.  Jesse McCartney - Beautiful Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAG3hJ50_Vc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

149.  Jessica Simpson - Irresistible (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-qCDypgAV_E&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

150.  Jessica Simpson - Take My Breath Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MWFcfGi8QQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

151.  Jessica Simpson - These Boots Are Made for Walkin' (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPtfsk4ETjM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

152.  Jessie J - Price Tag ft. B.o.B.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMxX-QOV9tI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

153.  Jimmy Eat World - The Middle (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKsxPW6i3pM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

154.  JoJo  - Too Little Too Late (Official Music Video) The High Road first hit single.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8LIRtPnuA8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

155.  JoJo - Leave (Get Out) Official Music Video [2004].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggWyUEuGcWY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

156.  Jordin Sparks, Chris Brown - No Air (Official Video) ft. Chris Brown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBKnpyoFEBo&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

157.  Junkie XL, Elvis Presley - A Little Less Conversation (Elvis vs JXL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx1_6F-nCaw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

158.  Justin Timberlake - Cry Me A River (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DksSPZTZES0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

159.  Justin Timberlake - I'm Lovin' It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IHcp8Pl_X4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

160.  Justin Timberlake - Like I Love You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQ3slUz7Jo8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

161.  Justin Timberlake - Rock Your Body (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSVHoHyErBQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

162.  Justin Timberlake - SexyBack (Director's Cut) ft. Timbaland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gOHvDP_vCs&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

163.  Justin Timberlake - Señorita (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJHYDkvRB2Y&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

164.  K-Ci & JoJo - All My Life (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXvMT_mVbqw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

165.  Kanye West - Gold Digger ft. Jamie Foxx.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vwNcNOTVzY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

166.  Kat DeLuna - Run The Show (Spanish Version) ft. Don Omar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjqEfhhrJck&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

167.  Kat DeLuna - Whine Up (Official Video) ft. Elephant Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcMXZjYqIog&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

168.  Katy Perry - Hot N Cold (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTHNpusq654&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

169.  Katy Perry - I Kissed A Girl (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAp9BKosZXs&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

170.  Katy Perry - Waking Up In Vegas (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-pUaogoX5o&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

171.  Ke$ha - TiK ToK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP6XpLQM2Cs&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

172.  Kelis - Acapella.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8D9xCBcfzw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

173.  Kelis - Milkshake (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGL2rytTraA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

174.  Kelly Clarkson - Because Of You (VIDEO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra-Om7UMSJc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

175.  Kelly Clarkson - Breakaway (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-3vPxKdj6o&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

176.  Kelly Clarkson - Miss Independent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dS1ZW0FdoIU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

177.  Kelly Clarkson - Since U Been Gone (VIDEO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7UrFYvl5TE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

178.  Kelly Clarkson - Walk Away (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nFCuyLwhUzM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

179.  Kelly Osbourne - Come Dig Me Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_qE8_BHMrI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

180.  Kelly Osbourne - One Word.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXctSjshB1M&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

181.  Kelly Osbourne - Papa Don't Preach.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUb5JihqZZQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

182.  Kelly Osbourne - Shut Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FywnbpC9i_s&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

183.  Kevin Lyttle - If U Want Me (Call Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECS7zSfjRCo&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

184.  Kings Of Leon - Sex on Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RF0HhrwIwp0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

185.  Kings Of Leon - Use Somebody (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnhXHvRoUd0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

186.  Kylie Minogue - Can't Get You Out Of My Head (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c18441Eh_WE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

187.  Kylie Minogue - Come Into My World (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63vqob-MljQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

188.  Kylie Minogue - Get Outta My Way (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHGaW8lBlSk&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

189.  Kylie Minogue - Love At First Sight (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wf421JsG004&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

190.  Kylie Minogue - Slow (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Omrp4QR_Rpo&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

191.  Kylie Minogue - Spinning Around (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1DWBKk5xHQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

192.  Lady Gaga - Alejandro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niqrrmev4mA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

193.  Lady Gaga - Bad Romance (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrO4YZeyl0I&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

194.  Lady Gaga - Just Dance ft. Colby O'Donis (Official Music Video) ft. Colby O'Donis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Abk1jAONjw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

195.  Lady Gaga - LoveGame (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mB0tP1I-14&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

196.  Lady Gaga - Paparazzi (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2smz_1L2_0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

197.  Lady Gaga - Poker Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bESGLojNYSo&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

198.  Lady Gaga - Telephone ft. Beyoncé (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVBsypHzF3U&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

199.  LeAnn Rimes - Cant Fight The Moonlight (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx3s99FNXzI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

200.  Lenny Kravitz - Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eW2qlKa6oHw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

201.  Leona Lewis - Bleeding Love (US Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vzo-EL_62fQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

202.  Limp Bizkit - Break Stuff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpUYjpKg9KY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

203.  Limp Bizkit - Faith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-EdCNjumvI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

204.  Limp Bizkit - My Generation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BE9CXWV1alg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

205.  Limp Bizkit - My Way (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dn8vzTsnPps&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

206.  Limp Bizkit - Nookie (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTMVOzPPtiw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

207.  Limp Bizkit - Rollin' (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYnFIRc0k6E&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

208.  M.I.A. - Paper Planes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewRjZoRtu0Y&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

209.  Madonna - Don't Tell Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4z0VRA-jF0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

210.  Mandy Moore - Candy (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkVsJGl5d6E&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

211.  Mandy Moore - In My Pocket (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XkKOybWbUNM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

212.  Mandy Moore - Walk Me Home (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8DQCgPeBPY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

213.  Mariah Carey - My All (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIhI23gBBPQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

214.  Mariah Carey, Fatman Scoop, Jermaine Dupri - It's Like That (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uI2cwfluyNo&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

215.  Maroon 5 - She Will Be Loved (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIjVuRTm-dc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

216.  Maroon 5 - This Love (Closed Captioned).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPpTgCho5ZA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

217.  Mary J. Blige - Family Affair (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=znlFu_lemsU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

218.  Miley Cyrus - 7 Things (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hr0Wv5DJhuk&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

219.  Miley Cyrus - Party In The U.S.A. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M11SvDtPBhA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

220.  Missy Elliott ft. Ms. Jade & Ludacris - Gossip Folks (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBkCEbc42eU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

221.  Moby ft. Gwen Stefani - Southside.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vV0KmOYfomM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

222.  Natasha Bedingfield - Pocketful of Sunshine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gte3BoXKwP0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

223.  Natasha Bedingfield - Unwritten (US Version) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7k0a5hYnSI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

224.  Ne-Yo - Closer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_aC5xPQ2f4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

225.  Ne-Yo - The Way You Move ft. Trey Songz, T-Pain (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=daJ1uue7ejM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

226.  Nelly - Dilemma (Official Music Video) ft. Kelly Rowland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WYHDfJDPDc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

227.  Nelly - Hot In Herre (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeZZr_p6vB8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

228.  Nelly - Ride Wit Me (Official Music Video) ft. St. Lunatics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtSDWq6HsJE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

229.  Nelly Furtado  ft Missy Elliot gut ur freak on (REMIX ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhJev04Klzo&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

230.  Nelly Furtado - ... On The Radio (Remember The Days) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmEiadAqDZc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

231.  Nelly Furtado - I'm Like A Bird (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roPQ_M3yJTA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

232.  Nelly Furtado - Maneater (US Version) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLolag3YSYU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

233.  Nelly Furtado - Promiscuous (Official Music Video) ft. Timbaland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J3vgcE5i2o&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

234.  Nelly Furtado - Say It Right (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JnGBs88sL0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

235.  Nelly Furtado - Turn Off The Light (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOL7aeIDruA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

236.  Nickelback - How You Remind Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cQh1ccqu8M&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

237.  No Doubt - Bathwater (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k_g9hDeOic&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

238.  No Doubt - Hey Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wt1YkGO2Ieo&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

239.  No Doubt - It's My Life (Edited).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubvV498pyIM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

240.  No Doubt - Underneath It All (Official Music Video) ft. Lady Saw.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvuVFHTvdaY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

241.  NSYNC - Bye Bye Bye (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo-KmOd3i7s&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

242.  NSYNC - Girlfriend.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saxnXiBKEaY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

243.  NSYNC - Gone (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbRwSI8yi1o&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

244.  NSYNC - It's Gonna Be Me (It's Gonna Be May - Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQMlWwIXg3M&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

245.  Numb [Official Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXYiU_JCYtU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

246.  Não tem solução - Seadi (Clipe Oficial).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfos34cBNSA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

247.  O-Town - All Or Nothing (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TG8IkUoZ6j0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

248.  O-Town - Liquid Dreams (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7RPvOOjCvE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

249.  OK Go - Here It Goes Again (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTAAsCNK7RA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

250.  OneRepublic - Apologize (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzq8c5pr-Ws&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

251.  Outkast - Hey Ya! (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWgvGjAhvIw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

252.  Outkast - Roses (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWju37TZfo0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

253.  Outkast - The Way You Move (Official Video) ft. Sleepy Brown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xI5NQ-0Ubfs&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

254.  Owl City - Fireflies (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psuRGfAaju4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

255.  P!NK - Don't Let Me Get Me (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asaCQOZpqUQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

256.  P!nk - Just Like A Pill (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDKGWaCglRM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

257.  P!nk - So What (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJfFZqTlWrQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

258.  P!NK - U + Ur Hand.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YUtHjOvPKT0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

259.  Panic! At The Disco I Write Sins Not Tragedies [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc6vs-l5dkc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

260.  Pitbull - I Know You Want Me (Calle Ocho) OFFICIAL VIDEO (Ultra Music).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2tMV96xULk&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

261.  Puddle Of Mudd - Blurry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJJsoquu70o&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

262.  Puddle Of Mudd - She Hates Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYE4CVhVkhw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

263.  R. Kelly - Burn It Up ft. Wysin, Yandell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBnU3cJ2hMA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

264.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Californication [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlUKcNNmywk&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

265.  Rihanna - Cheers (Drink To That).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZR0v0i63PQ4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

266.  Rihanna - Disturbia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1mU6h4Xdxc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

267.  Rihanna - Don't Stop The Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yd8jh9QYfEs&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

268.  Rihanna - Pon de Replay (Internet Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oEauWw9ZGrA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

269.  Rihanna - Rude Boy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e82VE8UtW8A&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

270.  Rihanna - Shut Up And Drive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up7pvPqNkuU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

271.  Rihanna - SOS (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXmF4GbA86E&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

272.  Rihanna - Take A Bow (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3UjJ4wKLkg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

273.  Rihanna - Umbrella (Orange Version) (Official Music Video) ft. JAY-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvBfHwUxHIk&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

274.  Santana - Maria Maria ft. The Product G&B (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPLV7lGbmT4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

275.  Santana - The Game Of Love (Video) ft. Michelle Branch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKLnmMacEB4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

276.  Sara Bareilles - Love Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qi7Yh16dA0w&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

277.  Sean Paul - We Be Burnin' (Recognize It) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uUGFhVWPOFs&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

278.  Seether - Broken ft. Amy Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPC2Fp7IT7o&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

279.  Shaggy - Angel ft. Rayvon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWJrPzAUzAs&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

280.  Shake ya Ass - Mystikal ...THE ORIGINAl....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M7B5KwXHFtw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

281.  Shakira - Hips Don't Lie ft. Wyclef Jean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUT5rEU6pqM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

282.  Shakira - She Wolf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=booKP974B0k&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

283.  Shakira - Underneath Your Clothes (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uwBwKcQ1k84&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

284.  Shakira - Whenever, Wherever (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weRHyjj34ZE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

285.  Sheryl Crow - Soak Up The Sun (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KIYiGA_rIls&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

286.  Sheryl Crow - Tomorrow Never Dies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BxTwJtpGYA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

287.  Simple Plan   Perfect Official Video + Lyric (Subtitle).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvRYRgjtnI4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

288.  Simple Plan - Shut Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FPuoYh7AhGI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

289.  Simple Plan - Welcome To my Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsDiyPv4SAo&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

290.  Simple Plan - Your love is a lie (sub español).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_cRqdIpfqw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

291.  Simple Plan Untitled Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxZ2KWCi3SE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

292.  Sisqo - Thong Song (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oai1V7kaFBk&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

293.  Snoop Dogg - Drop It Like It's Hot (Official Music Video) ft. Pharrell Williams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtUVQei3nX4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

294.  Snow Patrol - Chasing Cars (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GemKqzILV4w&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

295.  Sophie Ellis-Bextor - Get Over You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r72Sbmj2OrM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

296.  Sophie Ellis-Bextor - Take Me Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6gLOmjP5GY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

297.  Spiller feat. Sophie Ellis Bextor - Groovejet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOdgbRx4ihQ&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

298.  Sum 41 - Fatlip (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMX2lPum_pg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

299.  System Of A Down - Aerials (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-iepu3EtyE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

300.  System Of A Down - Chop Suey! (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSvFpBOe8eY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

301.  System Of A Down - Toxicity (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iywaBOMvYLI&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

302.  t.A.T.u. - All About Us (Official Uncensored Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yP4Nm86yk0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

303.  t.A.T.u. - All The Things She Said (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mGBaXPlri8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

304.  t.A.T.u. - Gomenasai.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVGS1XjFpe0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

305.  T.O.K. - Footprints  Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCcncZMurFc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

306.  Taylor Swift - You Belong With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuNIsY6JdUw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

307.  The All-American Rejects - Gives You Hell (Full Narrative Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxUATkpMQ8A&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

308.  The Black Eyed Peas - Boom Boom Pow (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m48GqaOz90&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

309.  The Black Eyed Peas - Don't Lie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbJNkH-pDd8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

310.  The Black Eyed Peas - Don't Phunk With My Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4Bda6_usuc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

311.  The Black Eyed Peas - Hey Mama.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtczBseiAac&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

312.  The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD4vsh1zDA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

313.  The Black Eyed Peas - Just Can't Get Enough (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrTyD7rjBpw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

314.  The Black Eyed Peas - Let's Get It Started.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKqV7DB8Iwg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

315.  The Black Eyed Peas - Meet Me Halfway (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7HahVwYpwo&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

316.  The Black Eyed Peas - My Humps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEe_eraFWWs&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

317.  The Black Eyed Peas - Shut Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRzMtlZjXpU&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

318.  The Black Eyed Peas - The Time (Dirty Bit) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwQZQygg3Lk&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

319.  The Black Eyed Peas - Where Is The Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpYeekQkAdc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

320.  The Calling - Wherever You Will Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAP9AF6DCu4&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

321.  The Chicks - Landslide (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J4_wXPZ1Bnk&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

322.  The Killers - Mr. Brightside (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGdGFtwCNBE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

323.  The Pussycat Dolls - Beep (Official Music Video) ft. will.i.am.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1r9ghI7YcL0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

324.  The Pussycat Dolls - Buttons (Official Music Video) ft. Snoop Dogg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VCLxJd1d84s&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

325.  The Pussycat Dolls - Don't Cha (Official Music Video) ft. Busta Rhymes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNSxNsr4wmA&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

326.  The Pussycat Dolls - I Don't Need A Man (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBsEF7Qx09o&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

327.  The Pussycat Dolls - Stickwitu (Official Music Video) ft. Avant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1uNjmxJQUo&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

328.  The Pussycat Dolls - When I Grow Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0K46C82v9o&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

329.  The Rasmus - In The Shadows (US Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ao2u7F_Qzg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

330.  The Veronicas - Untouched Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKqriTRYInY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

331.  The White Stripes - Seven Nation Army (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J2QdDbelmY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

332.  Train - Drops of Jupiter (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xf-Lesrkuc&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

333.  U2 - Beautiful Day (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co6WMzDOh1o&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

334.  Usher - Caught Up - Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFkZDhwqoHg&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

335.  Usher - You Make Me Wanna... (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQRzrnH6_HY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

336.  Usher, Alicia Keys - My Boo (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPgf2meEX1w&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

337.  Vanessa Carlton - A Thousand Miles (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cwkej79U3ek&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

338.  Westlife - Fool Again (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4BB9eGUEaE&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

339.  Westlife - If I Let You Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7NrQei36fJk&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

340.  Westlife - Mandy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ShlE-xobyw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

341.  Westlife - My Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulOb9gIGGd0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

342.  Westlife - Queen Of My Heart (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6c64kUiqknY&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

343.  Westlife - Swear It Again (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UaMsIJ4bR0&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

344.  Westlife - The Rose (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTCQBuYhq_s&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

345.  Westlife - Unbreakable (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azdesKO7r4Q&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

346.  Westlife - Uptown Girl (Top of the Pops 2001).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=489HLBsev8M&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

347.  Westlife - You Raise Me Up (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bxc9hbwkkw&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

348.  Wheatus - Teenage Dirtbag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FC3y9llDXuM&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

349.  Will Smith - Just The Two Of Us (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WamkRSDeD8&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF

350.  Will Smith - Switch (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzUozo1628U&list=PLpuDUpB0osJmZQ0a3n6imXirSu0QAZIqF
2000's Hits