
1.  The Police - Can't Stand Losing You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH0vjLwMyc4&pp=sAQA

2.  The Police - Christmas Message.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMXrIEBo_gQ&pp=sAQA

3.  The Police - De Do Do Do, De Da Da Da.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7v2GDbEmjGE&pp=sAQA

4.  The Police - Don't Stand So Close To Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNIZofPB8ZM&pp=sAQA

5.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfEvH4aML-k&pp=sAQA

6.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGWF3ZsZPYs&pp=sAQA

7.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs&pp=sAQA

8.  The Police - Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aENX1Sf3fgQ&pp=sAQA

9.  The Police - Invisible Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VuDjJ9KIxM&pp=sAQA

10.  The Police - King Of Pain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yuOPRfq-q6U&pp=sAQA

11.  The Police - Message In A Bottle (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehYpFjwnDH0&pp=sAQA

12.  The Police - Message In A Bottle (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZyCXjNDuv8&pp=sAQA

13.  The Police - Message In A Bottle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbXWrmQW-OE&pp=sAQA

14.  The Police - Roxanne (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YgAVGCf98hk&pp=sAQA

15.  The Police - Roxanne (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4B-TmQhCjk&pp=sAQA

16.  The Police - Roxanne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T1c7GkzRQQ&pp=sAQA

17.  The Police - So Lonely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MX6MvV8cbh8&pp=sAQA

18.  The Police - Spirits In The Material World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHOevX4DlGk&pp=sAQA

19.  The Police - Synchronicity II.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5FPPoLqkCk&pp=sAQA

20.  The Police - Walking On The Moon (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17CKq6rTMvo&pp=sAQA

21.  The Police - Walking On The Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPwMdZOlPo8&pp=sAQA

22.  The Police - Wrapped Around Your Finger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svWINSRhQU0&pp=sAQA
The Police