
1.  A brain in a supercomputer  Henry Markram.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LS3wMC2BpxU

2.  Aaron Huey America's native prisoners of war.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tEuaj4h8dw

3.  Andrew McAfee Are droids taking our jobs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMF-Z74C1QE

4.  Baba Shiv Sometimes it's good to give up the driver's seat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tal0NkWW1E

5.  Barry Schuler An introduction to genomics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xJXZBCOWMY

6.  Becky Blanton The year I was homeless.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvvjDOtS2sw

7.  Benoit Mandelbrot Fractals and the art of roughness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay8OMOsf6AQ

8.  Bjorn Lomborg Global priorities bigger than climate change.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dtbn9zBfJSs

9.  Bruce Bueno de Mesquita predicts Iran's future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts5MKtXNpMQ

10.  Bruce Schneier The security mirage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQJC2MMB8nA

11.  Carl Safina The oil spill's unseen culprits, victims.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gouSXt2zE4

12.  Class Day Lecture 2009 The Uniqueness of Humans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrCVu25wQ5s

13.  Dan Barber A surprising parable of foie gras.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvrgD0mAFoU

14.  Daniel Goldstein The battle between your present and future self.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1Z_oufuQg4

15.  Daniel Wolpert The real reason for brains.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7s0CpRfyYp8

16.  Dave deBronkart Meet e-Patient Dave.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTxvic-NnAM

17.  Deb Roy The birth of a word.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RE4ce4mexrU

18.  Ed Gavagan A story about knots and surgeons.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhMi0tkYyT8

19.  Eric Mead The magic of the placebo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cb_6PPBJJB8

20.  Eric Topol The wireless future of medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTZM9X3JfTk

21.  Ethan Zuckerman How to listen to global voices.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXPJVwwEmiM

22.  Exploring the mind of a killer  Jim Fallon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u2V0vOFexY4

23.  Gary Flake is Pivot a turning point for web exploration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LT_x9s67yWA

24.  Geoffrey West The surprising math of cities and corporations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XyCY6mjWOPc

25.  Golan Levin makes art that looks back at you.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G0MzlfMPuM

26.  Hans Rosling Debunking third-world myths with the best stats you've ever seen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RUwS1uAdUcI

27.  How algorithms shape our world  Kevin Slavin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDaFwnOiKVE

28.  How architecture helped music evolve  David Byrne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Se8kcnU-uZw

29.  How Arduino is open-sourcing imagination  Massimo Banzi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoBUXOOdLXY

30.  How great leaders inspire action  Simon Sinek (1439169).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp0HIF3SfI4

31.  How great leaders inspire action  Simon Sinek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp0HIF3SfI4

32.  How to spot a liar  Pamela Meyer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_6vDLq64gE

33.  Iain Hutchison Saving faces.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5ZJ6bK1EIc

34.  If I should have a daughter ...  Sarah Kay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0snNB1yS3IE

35.  Impossible photography  Erik Johansson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mc0vhSseGk4

36.  Isabel Behncke Evolution's gift of play, from bonobo apes to humans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WjBwhwe5-cc

37.  Jason Clay How big brands can help save biodiversity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcp5vvxtEaU

38.  Jonathan Drori Why we don't understand as much as we think.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hJCxSiH4ts

39.  Joshua Walters On being just crazy enough.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruvWiXowiZ8

40.  Juan Enriquez The life-code that will reshape the future (1715581).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KdOPY1Iqiw

41.  Juan Enriquez The life-code that will reshape the future.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5KdOPY1Iqiw

42.  Kevin Kelly The next 5,000 days of the web.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDYCf4ONh5M

43.  Leah Buechley How to sketch with electronics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vTBp0Z5GPeI

44.  Let the environment guide our development  Johan Rockstrom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgqtrlixYR4

45.  Let's use video to reinvent education  Salman Khan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTFEUsudhfs

46.  Lewis Pugh's mind-shifting Mt. Everest swim.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QISHX5UKky0

47.  Marcel Dicke Why not eat insects.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O6GimGZz6a8

48.  Michael Pritchard How to make filthy water drinkable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXepkIWPhFQ

49.  Molly Crockett Beware neuro-bunk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b64qvG2Jgro

50.  Neil Pasricha The 3 A's of awesome.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPE0G00XFV0

51.  New experiments in self-teaching  Sugata Mitra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk60sYrU2RU

52.  Nic Marks The Happy Planet Index.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1o3FS0awtk

53.  Omar Ahmad Political change with pen and paper.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWhLSORCwW0

54.  Paul Bloom The origins of pleasure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RPicL1AWrs8

55.  Paul Root Wolpe It's time to question bio-engineering.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovV7v2XYJAI

56.  Paul Zak Trust, morality - and oxytocin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFAdlU2ETjU

57.  Richard Seymour How beauty feels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiXd_9DFCOQ

58.  Rob Hopkins Transition to a world without oil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8meWY0W40OA

59.  Rob Legato The art of creating awe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luoKOkTxOtU

60.  Robert Full Learning from the gecko's tail.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d3syTrElgcg

61.  Robert Neuwirth The power of the informal economy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONM4JupBz_E

62.  Rory Sutherland Perspective is everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iueVZJVEmEs

63.  Science can answer moral questions  Sam Harris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj9oB4zpHww

64.  Scott Fraser The problem with eyewitness testimony.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buhMdC7MO0U

65.  Scott McCloud Understanding comics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXYckRgsdjI

66.  Sebastian Seung I am my connectome.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HA7GwKXfJB0

67.  Secrets of success in 8 words, 3 minutes  Richard St. John.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6bbMQXQ180

68.  Sendhil Mullainathan Solving social problems with a nudge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBJQENjZJaA

69.  Shea Hembrey How I became 100 artists.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpROaNue9GM

70.  Sir Martin Rees Earth in its final century.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qF26MbYgOA

71.  Teach every child about food  Jamie Oliver.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=go_QOzc79Uc

72.  TEDxNYED - Jeff Jarvis - 030610.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTOLkm5hNNU

73.  The freakonomics of McDonalds vs. drugs  Steven Levitt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UGC2nLnaes

74.  The game that can give you 10 extra years of life  Jane McGonigal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfBpsV1Hwqs

75.  The happy secret to better work  Shawn Achor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLJsdqxnZb0

76.  The history of our world in 18 minutes  David Christian.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqc9zX04DXs

77.  The magic washing machine  Hans Rosling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZoKfap4g4w

78.  The new era of positive psychology  Martin Seligman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FBxfd7DL3E

79.  The next species of human  Juan Enriquez.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNcLKbJs3xk

80.  The opportunity of adversity  Aimee Mullins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTwXeZ4GkzI

81.  The paradox of choice  Barry Schwartz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VO6XEQIsCoM

82.  The pattern behind self-deception  Michael Shermer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_6-iVz1R0o

83.  The power of introverts  Susan Cain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0KYU2j0TM4

84.  The psychology of evil  Philip Zimbardo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OsFEV35tWsg

85.  The surprising decline in violence  Steven Pinker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ramBFRt1Uzk

86.  The surprising science of happiness  Dan Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4q1dgn_C0AU

87.  The tribes we lead  Seth Godin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQGYr9bnktw

88.  Thulasiraj Ravilla How low-cost eye care can be world-class.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5QCM1_gVGA

89.  Tim Berners-Lee The next Web of open, linked data.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OM6XIICm_qo

90.  Tim Berners-Lee The year open data went worldwide.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YcZ3Zqk0a8

91.  Tim Harford Trial, error and the God complex.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5wCfYujRdE

92.  Timothy Prestero Design for people, not awards.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpldYJ3sSIo

93.  Tom Shannon The painter and the pendulum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPA-rQyKeLY

94.  Try something new for 30 days  Matt Cutts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnfBXjWm7hc

95.  Turning trash into toys for learning  Arvind Gupta.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnCqR2yUXoU

96.  Understanding the rise of China  Martin Jacques.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imhUmLtlZpw

97.  Underwater astonishments  David Gallo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVvn8dpSAt0

98.  Unveiling the genius of multi-touch interface design  Jeff Han.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ac0E6deG4AU

99.  Use art to turn the world inside out  JR.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PAy1zBtTbw

100.  Wadah Khanfar A historic moment in the Arab world.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKQnL9Mmgng

101.  Wade Davis Cultures at the far edge of the world.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bL7vK0pOvKI

102.  What you don't know about marriage  Jenna McCarthy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8u42OjH0ss

103.  Why the universe seems so strange  Richard Dawkins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1APOxsp1VFw

104.  Why we do what we do  Tony Robbins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cpc-t-Uwv1I

105.  Why we make bad decisions  Dan Gilbert (1759086).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4

106.  Why we make bad decisions  Dan Gilbert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-4flnuxNV4

107.  Why we think it's OK to cheat and steal (sometimes)  Dan Ariely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUdsTizSxSI

108.  Wii remote hacks  Johnny Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgKCrGvShZs

109.  Your body language may shape who you are  Amy Cuddy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ks-_Mh1QhMc
Best Ted Talks lectures - life changing content