
34102.  25 kilos of halva - Boris and Anatoli cooking special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44kqiL1iwhI

34104.  7 LAZY WAYS TO MAKE INSTANT NOODLES - budget living.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9X8VJvoo6y0

34107.  Anatoli, slav mead specialist - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2UdBymDjwk

34111.  Babushka's TOP SECRET Christmas pork recipe - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuxQIScZbfw

34116.  Basic cooking tutorial with Boris - Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJr4h0K2yQc

34122.  Birthday cooking with Soviet waffle iron.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPLJnobY5f4

34129.  Boris cooking with AMERICAN MEASUREMENTS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm3XD1dgy5A

34137.  CABBAGE ROLLS - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ITauJk1PpO0

34146.  Cheap vs expensive shashlik - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ESBMQ8YH38

34156.  Cheeki Breeki Chebureki (????????) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9NEXPoepO4

34167.  Chicken kotlet of Kiev - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFgOC2AHn_8

34179.  Chocolate sausage with Anatoli - The Slav budget dessert - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q7FjxS_cWmM

34192.  Condensed milk pancakes  Boris special blins (20K subs special).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPbJK_L0ms0

34206.  Cooking basics part 2 - The bay leaf!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DP2tYnlhA98

34221.  Cooking goulash for whole crew.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLq-67LEjxA

34237.  Cooking pork rinds and potato for whole family - Welcome home (6 year milestone).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gi7F1SvM3Mk

34254.  Cooking with chainsaw.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyj8Qa79bWY

34272.  Cooking with splitting axe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xluGmpOanLs

34291.  Cooking with what you have - End of month special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ov6-wfN0I7s

34311.  End of month Ukha - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3yOOc47n9E

34332.  Frankenblin, the Hungarian pancake - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Lyp_EJOZHc

34354.  Hatchet Soup - a slav fairytale about cooking (stone soup).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxgWp0J_vbk

34377.  Herring under fur coat (??????? ??? ?????) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2df9l3o2gtQ

34401.  HOW NOT TO MAKE CHEESE - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jrPg34NekM

34426.  How to cure cold - slavic style.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIKzN0N__Lk

34452.  How to make Babushka's Strawberry Jam - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iH_K-VbGvVI

34479.  How to make black bread.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTGT2P-zsGg

34507.  How to make blin - Russian pancakes recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UOowIxfX88

34536.  How to make borsch soup like a slav (Borscht recipe) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RjawJ8LImM

34566.  How to make Doctor's sausage - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G5KBuawg-xw

34597.  How to make dried bread.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qtgsqxmz-ew

34629.  How to make Gopnik Beer - Homemade beer making with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vBc0K_7LQpk

34662.  How to make Halva - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qr3wsPaES9o

34696.  How to make KISSEL like babushka (??????) - Russian Kissel cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pVT5VE21bU

34731.  How to make kompot - Slav recipe with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZk6wXCMCY

34767.  How to make Kvass - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1UTJKBMvgc

34804.  How to make mayonez - Boris mayonnaise recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=saU3_xJJrCg

34842.  How to make mayonez ice cream (mayonnaise ice cream).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6vteMXhUE0

34881.  How to make Pavlova cake to get free food - cooking life hack with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFFTbtqx5Mg

34921.  How to make Russian cheese (??????? ???) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77OY9kKcFgY

34962.  How to make Russian pelmeni - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YO7AdLsUSec

35004.  How to make shashlik like a Slav (Shashlyk recipe) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mH34yui51c

35047.  How to prepare Samovar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVYIMtyzqms

35091.  How to Slav Your Spanish Food - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=av6cK67O-Jk

35136.  I tried making Baklava.. accidentally made THICCLAVA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gEVnBnhWwg

35182.  Kefir bread and condensed milk - Low budget cooking.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfQLbit8pbs

35229.  LET'S BAKE CAKE - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=un-U3rHBbcE

35277.  LET'S MAKE SOUP - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzIT6oQp6SM

35326.  MAKE KOTLET - Russian meat cutlets recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVUagOO_53g

35376.  MAKE SYRNIK AT VADIM'S PLACE - Russian Syrniki simple recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zI4_hMYQEg

35427.  making imaginary cake - the Slav Souffle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GeUsEZN-SY

35479.  Making Mead with Anatoli - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9aj1UTchuo

35532.  Making zefir by hand (?????) - cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4NJ02dEl8c

35586.  Mayonez ice cream but is 1920s silent film.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXfIHUVBp2A

35641.  Mayonez Muffins with Anatoli (Vidme version) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHARWuhl2o0

35697.  Medovik cake (???????) - Advanced cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrmhORG8cYc

35754.  OKROSHKA with Kvass (Russian cold soup) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifE7gDiLDbE

35812.  PLOV (student edition) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbdQzjaevXQ

35871.  PLUM IN POTATO - Knedle recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PTAtfFesFG0

35931.  POTATO PEEL RECIPES ???? - budget cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_e4kCtJIHA

35992.  Russian holiday feast - Cooking Kulebyaka with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9iTJuK0570

36054.  Russian potato salad with ANATOLI (????? ??????).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpXanUgokx0

36117.  Russian Solyanka saves lives - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSRUz88x6BI

36181.  Slav snacks - Slav party tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjgul0TDvRg

36246.  Soviet Meat Jelly (???????) - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwbnzEJSbRg

36312.  Soviet style piroshki (???????) with Komrade Kat - Christmas special.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YQKUFWzmwo

36379.  STROGANOFF for one - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDybFLoOcGg

36447.  SURVIVAL ROUND - How to survive 4 weeks on 50€ ($60).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKfmRhfuI8g

36516.  The Real Garlic Bread - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yIBVl-Z8aGk

36586.  The Slavic Hamburger - TOP 5 Buterbrod Recipes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0KcoZhG3oE

36657.  TOP 5 very low budget recipes - Meals under 1 Euro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvKQNLdMr48

36729.  Triple French Pork with Svetlana - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RRGpCAYGkEI

36802.  TSAR'S BLINS WITH CAVIAR - Cooking with Boris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9DGDCqXUek
COOKING  Life of Boris