
1.  Bernard Butler on Cemetry Gates (#TQID).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WuDk0mK6Gw&pp=sAQA

2.  John Bradley West on Frankly Mr Shankly (#TQID).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTDdFmRTWvI&pp=sAQA

3.  Julie Hesmondhalgh on Bigmouth Strikes Again (#TQID).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEZBF9OaXfg&pp=sAQA

4.  Lucy Porter on Some Girls Are Bigger Than Others (#TQID).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxlJcEIL4Pw&pp=sAQA

5.  Richard Hawley on Vicar In A Tutu (#TQID).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3UqJrmA3ICU&pp=sAQA

6.  Russell Brand on There Is A Light That Never Goes Out (#TQID).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wRvFc3jhMdg&pp=sAQA

7.  Ryan Adams on Never Had No One Ever (#TQID).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qi1KVKz9Dug&pp=sAQA

8.  Sonya Madan on I Know It's Over (#TQID).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whc9ht2wP5M&pp=sAQA

9.  Stephen Street on The Queen Is Dead (#TQID).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGQG4jzo-P8&pp=sAQA

10.  Stuart Maconie on The Boy With The Thorn In His Side (#TQID).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ytdulmpi1Vo&pp=sAQA

11.  The Smiths - A Rush And A Push And The Land Is Ours.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1RDbp6sa3A&pp=sAQA

12.  The Smiths - Ask (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoo9Vu1a9bU&pp=sAQA

13.  The Smiths - Asleep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mF4pKSi2SU&pp=sAQA

14.  The Smiths - Back To The Old House.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laXY5e5JaV0&pp=sAQA

15.  The Smiths - Bigmouth Strikes Again (Live) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hj8K49Y4kpE&pp=sAQA

16.  The Smiths - Bigmouth Strikes Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtzhvJh9NRY&pp=sAQA

17.  The Smiths - Cemetry Gates (Live) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWUYxx2MpHU&pp=sAQA

18.  The Smiths - Cemetry Gates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dfXqxjMkyQ4&pp=sAQA

19.  The Smiths - Frankly, Mr Shankly (Live) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oT-ap92_5GE&pp=sAQA

20.  The Smiths - Girl Afraid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVy-zkB3ESg&pp=sAQA

21.  The Smiths - Girlfriend In A Coma (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GhoWZ5qTwI&pp=sAQA

22.  The Smiths - Half A Person.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sLX5Nym9fcs&pp=sAQA

23.  The Smiths - Hand In Glove.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WiN-n990oE8&pp=sAQA

24.  The Smiths - Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now (Live on Top of The Pops '84).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfiH1HmWcm4&pp=sAQA

25.  The Smiths - Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjPhzgxe3L0&pp=sAQA

26.  The Smiths - How Soon is Now (Live on Top of The Pops '85).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Svhiw-XK3aU&pp=sAQA

27.  The Smiths - How Soon Is Now (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnpILIIo9ek&pp=sAQA

28.  The Smiths - I Don't Owe You Anything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2mHVrIcRWo&pp=sAQA

29.  The Smiths - I Know It's Over (Live) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNuiZSesQDg&pp=sAQA

30.  The Smiths - I Know Its Over.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6o1SEj02t0&pp=sAQA

31.  The Smiths - I Started Something I Couldn't Finish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9YjzGbrNAs&pp=sAQA

32.  The Smiths - I Want The One I Can't Have.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wurfiu4EM24&pp=sAQA

33.  The Smiths - Never Had No One Ever (Live) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgllANCJ5mw&pp=sAQA

34.  The Smiths - Never Had No One Ever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYjedww3fNo&pp=sAQA

35.  The Smiths - Nowhere Fast.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_zwxCp8Blc&pp=sAQA

36.  The Smiths - Panic (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMykYSQaG_c&pp=sAQA

37.  The Smiths - Please, Please, Please, Let Me Get What I Want.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3qPMe_cCJk&pp=sAQA

38.  The Smiths - Pretty Girls Make Graves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGl7g_a5YLA&pp=sAQA

39.  The Smiths - Reel Around the Fountain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGboTHwZl1g&pp=sAQA

40.  The Smiths - Shakespeare's Sister.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BrN__75lajY&pp=sAQA

41.  The Smiths - Sheila Take A Bow (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-8kKH4COvg&pp=sAQA

42.  The Smiths - Shoplifters Of The World Unite (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJRN76hxFz0&pp=sAQA

43.  The Smiths - Some Girls Are Bigger Than Others (Live) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BegKo0RvZIE&pp=sAQA

44.  The Smiths - Still Ill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_3oFRcTNHo&pp=sAQA

45.  The Smiths - Stop Me If You Think You've Heard This One Before (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SckD99B51IA&pp=sAQA

46.  The Smiths - Suffer Little Children.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xux9-UQ4wJ4&pp=sAQA

47.  The Smiths - That Joke Isn't Funny Anymore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igILhbNWvlk&pp=sAQA

48.  The Smiths - The Boy With The Thorn In His Side (Live) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nn8TiXOS3g&pp=sAQA

49.  The Smiths - The Boy With The Thorn In His Side (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdOHPjMzY8s&pp=sAQA

50.  The Smiths - The Headmaster Ritual.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f37lC0CSXlQ&pp=sAQA

51.  The Smiths - The Queen Is Dead #TQID.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44Y7REllqI0&pp=sAQA

52.  The Smiths - The Queen is Dead (Deluxe).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3v2s2Q_rqc&pp=sAQA

53.  The Smiths - The Queen Is Dead (Live) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vD0emOe5mHo&pp=sAQA

54.  The Smiths - The Queen Is Dead - A Film By Derek Jarman (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YS3UMjNUqFM&pp=sAQA

55.  The Smiths - The Queen Is Dead Deluxe Out Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vzoB1gGea4&pp=sAQA

56.  The Smiths - There Is A Light That Never Goes Out (Live) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2gUTLXdeBI&pp=sAQA

57.  The Smiths - There Is A Light That Never Goes Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siO6dkqidc4&pp=sAQA

58.  The Smiths - This Charming Man (Live on Top of The Pops '83).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2s9ke-pKWw&pp=sAQA

59.  The Smiths - This Night Has Opened My Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWcQqWW3QCI&pp=sAQA

60.  The Smiths - Vicar In A Tutu (Live) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtpD9YOffhg&pp=sAQA

61.  The Smiths - Vicar In A Tutu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ke2nucbxP1E&pp=sAQA

62.  The Smiths - Well I Wonder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6psa1ptpGTc&pp=sAQA

63.  The Smiths - What Difference Does It Make (Live on Top of the Pops, 1984).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Y6UyQClEj0&pp=sAQA

64.  The Smiths - What Difference Does It Make (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbOx8TyvUmI&pp=sAQA

65.  The Smiths - William, It Was Really Nothing (Live on Top of The Pops '84).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6WgdPCaRgs&pp=sAQA

66.  The Smiths - William, It Was Really Nothing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P22TEf4pZZs&pp=sAQA

67.  The Smiths - You Just Haven't Earned It Yet Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jc9F0bh5OXc&pp=sAQA

68.  The Smiths - You've Got Everything Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5H6EoPR_G0&pp=sAQA

69.  The Smiths The Making of Meat Is Murder.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCbTTlrf9b4&pp=sAQA
The Smiths