
1.  1. Blue Swede - Hooked on a Feeling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrI-UBIB8Jk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

2.  5. Elvin Bishop - Fooled Around and Fell in Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyMMEmwFQUE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

3.  Ace (with Paul Carrack) - How Long • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DP5DflRasOk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

4.  Ace Frehley - New York groove (Kiss Solo albums 1978).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKdHy18rZcI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

5.  Al Wilson - Show And Tell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItgAlRuafaU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

6.  Alan O'Day -1977- Undercover Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-xRMw0NyW0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

7.  All I Have To Do Is Dream - The Everly Brothers -  Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lX0ws6y7p5g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

8.  Andy Kim - Rock Me Gently.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ym3RlvVR9M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

9.  Anita Ward - Ring My Bell 1979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsBak0oCgdY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

10.  Bellamy Brothers - Let Your Love Flow (1976) HD 0815007.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQQj2rQBFvA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

11.  Bob Welch - Ebony Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnJOsfalSYs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

12.  Buggles - Video killed the radio star 1979.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iwuy4hHO3YQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

13.  Burton Cummings - Stand Tall (1976).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0Wd8rGWbA0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

14.  C.W. McCall - Convoy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sd5ZLJWQmss&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

15.  Can the Can.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jk18ZlliDEE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

16.  Carl Douglas - Kung fu fighting(original).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhUkGIsKvn0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

17.  Chris Rea Fool If You Think Is Over.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3myI0IJmTlQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

18.  Dancing in the Moonlight (Original Recording) - King Harvest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5JqPxmYhlo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

19.  Danny O'keefe ~ Good Time Charlie's Got The Blues (original version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YP3pIPp8P8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

20.  Dave Mason-We Just Disagree.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8_FOQ7-P30&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

21.  Dr. John - Right Place Wrong Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HT4RainY-lY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

22.  edison lighthouse - Love grows where my rosemary goes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr6H1a7YUac&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

23.  Exile - Kiss You All Over • TopPop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpaCXtahXxk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

24.  Four Tops - Ain't No Woman (Like The One I've Got).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rK3CGdyJBrI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

25.  Gallery -  It's So Nice To Be With You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cFm2a5vykc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

26.  Hot Butter - Pop Corn (Dance).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfdLh0MHqKw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

27.  Just When I Needed You Most.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoMn41bFqVA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

28.  M - Pop Muzik (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPoiv0sZ4s4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

29.  Manfred Mann - Blinded by the Light.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcWVL4B-4pI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

30.  Mouth and MacNeal How Do You Do 1972.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYNMKZ90jtA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

31.  Mud - Tiger Feet (Live TOTP 1974).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQfidTOTsLo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

32.  Mungo Jerry - In The Summertime ORIGINAL 1970.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvUQcnfwUUM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

33.  Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsaTElBljOE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

34.  NICK LOWE - CRUEL TO BE KIND - HQ Best Version. New Audio..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0l3QWUXVho&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

35.  Patrick Hernandez - Born to Be Alive - Official Video (Clip Officiel).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UaJAnnipkY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

36.  Pilot - Magic (1975 - HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzlK0OGpIRs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

37.  Please Come To Boston.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDRLZFgEoGw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

38.  Raspberries Go All The Way Mike Douglas Show 1974.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfgnc6Ey0q0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

39.  Rose Royce - I Wanna Get Next To You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EO1nfSCKrU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

40.  SAMANTHA SANG ~ EMOTION (with The Bee Gees) highest def. audiovideo~ 1977.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPwpVJ-eIgg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

41.  Shocking Blue - Venus (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPEhQugz-Ew&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

42.  Sniff 'n' The Tears - Driver's Seat (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SCzVEUlqqA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

43.  Stacy Lattisaw - I Found Love On A Two Way Street.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6T-B155p0Y&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

44.  Sweet City Woman by Stampeders (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqdffSH6GWc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

45.  Terry Jacks - Seasons In The Sun (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tPcc1ftj8E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

46.  The Knack - My Sharona.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbr60I0u2Ng&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

47.  The Stylistics You Make Me Feel Brand New.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yu1Ezr1YEoY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

48.  Toto - Hold The Line.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mkmUdUYgH0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

49.  War.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKAM1NfMXY8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

50.  Wild Cherry - Play That Funky Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHcYFxU4fMo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o
Top 70s One Hit Wonders Songs - One hit Wonders of the Seventies