
1.  3 Doors Down - Here Without You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPBzTxZQG5Q&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

2.  3 Doors Down - Kryptonite (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPU8OAjjS4k&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

3.  3 Doors Down - When I'm Gone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFq1eT9tMJ4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

4.  Adema - Giving In (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTOKnYNI3tU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

5.  Adema - The Way You Like It (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYTwIZslZXo&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

6.  Alien Ant Farm - Smooth Criminal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDl9ZMfj6aE&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

7.  Anberlin - Feel Good Drag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4sqFmSqrSc&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

8.  Audioslave - Like a Stone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QU1nvuxaMA&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

9.  Beginning of the End.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHr-FK-a4a4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

10.  Black Stone Cherry - Blame It On The Boom Boom (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccN3-9QQB48&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

11.  Black Stone Cherry - Lonely Train [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyr_LYnwD0g&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

12.  Black Stone Cherry - White Trash Millionaire [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQ8itDYP6HU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

13.  Breaking Benjamin - The Diary of Jane (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DWaB4PXCwFU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

14.  Buckcherry - Crazy Bith (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJ6pLKlU-8Q&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

15.  Buckcherry - Sorry (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77pb0WXAz-Q&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

16.  Chevelle - The Red (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trinU3VD1Zo&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

17.  Crawling [Official HD Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gd9OhYroLN0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

18.  Creed - Higher (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J16lInLZRms&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

19.  Creed - My Sacrifice (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-fyNgHdmLI&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

20.  Crossfade - Cold (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vrr3lRLjZ1Y&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

21.  Deftones - Back To School (Mini Maggit) (Official Music Video)  (Live Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMPtIhAPnn4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

22.  Deftones - Change (In The House Of Flies) [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPpDyIJdasg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

23.  Deftones - Digital Bath (Official Music Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9tmPBuSpmfA&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

24.  Deftones - Knife Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVMfISO9T1Q&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

25.  Deftones - Minerva [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mLa0-sQg1YM&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

26.  Deftones ft. Maynard - Passenger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FROn3LtGFl0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

27.  Disturbed - Down With The Sickness [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09LTT0xwdfw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

28.  Disturbed - Indestructible [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWxBrI0g1kE&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

29.  Disturbed - Inside The Fire [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxujAPhxlo0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

30.  Disturbed - Land Of Confusion [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YV4oYkIeGJc&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

31.  Drowning Pool - Bodies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04F4xlWSFh0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

32.  Earshot - Get Away (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AA5cYjpmRS8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

33.  Earshot - Wait (Official Music Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q1fC2EFSAqQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

34.  Earshot- Headstrong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5HcKWyNF3M&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

35.  Element Eighty - Broken Promises (Need For Speed Underground OST) [HQ].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ao5JAyuv378&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

36.  Evanescence - Bring Me To Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YxaaGgTQYM&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

37.  Flyleaf - All Around Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xN0FFK8JSYE&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

38.  Flyleaf - I'm So Sick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWIADZKU9dw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

39.  Foo Fighters - All My Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xQ04WbgI9rg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

40.  Foo Fighters - Best Of You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_L4Rixya64&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

41.  Foo Fighters - The Pretender.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBjQ9tuuTJQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

42.  Fuel - Hemorrhage (In My Hands) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbHfgXJKn1Y&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

43.  Godsmack - I Stand Alone (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYjZK_6i37M&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

44.  Hoobastank - Crawling In The Dark (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOHxtOLfvIo&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

45.  Hoobastank - The Reason (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV4DiAyExN0&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

46.  In The End [Official HD Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVTXPUF4Oz4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

47.  Incubus - Wish You Were Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8295rOMvtQI&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

48.  Korn - Coming Undone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSJXle3LP_Q&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

49.  Korn - Falling Away from Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2s3iGpDqQpQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

50.  Korn - Freak On a Leash (AC3 Stereo) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRGrNDV2mKc&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

51.  Limp Bizkit - Break Stuff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZpUYjpKg9KY&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

52.  Limp Bizkit - My Generation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BE9CXWV1alg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

53.  Limp Bizkit - My Way (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dn8vzTsnPps&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

54.  Limp Bizkit - Nookie (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTMVOzPPtiw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

55.  Limp Bizkit - Rollin' (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYnFIRc0k6E&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

56.  Limp Bizkit Take a look around (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3UHMV3jrZk&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

57.  Marilyn Manson - Tainted Love (Official Music Video) and Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ybaiCgOFUQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

58.  Marilyn Manson - This Is The New Shit (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kQMDSw3Aqo&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

59.  Metallica St. Anger (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rFoGVkZ29w&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

60.  Mudvayne - Dig (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIqbdnaPcT8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

61.  Mudvayne - Happy (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anbrb2u9GYI&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

62.  Muse - Madness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek0SgwWmF9w&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

63.  Muse - Supermassive Black Hole [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xsp3_a-PMTw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

64.  Muse - Uprising [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8KQmps-Sog&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

65.  Nickelback - Far Away [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4y-RzVGrHg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

66.  Nickelback - How You Remind Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cQh1ccqu8M&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

67.  Nickelback - Photograph.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BB0DU4DoPP4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

68.  Nickelback - Rockstar [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmeUuoxyt_E&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

69.  Nickelback - Savin' Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JQiEs32SqQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

70.  Nine Inch Nails - The Hand That Feeds (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwhBRJStz7w&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

71.  Numb [Official Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXYiU_JCYtU&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

72.  One Step Closer [Official HD Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qlCC1GOwFw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

73.  P.O.D. - Alive (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ce2KN06dS7c&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

74.  P.O.D. - Boom (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYHA_7vxrgc&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

75.  P.O.D. - Southtown (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWl9tjO7KtA&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

76.  P.O.D. - Youth of the Nation (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDKwCvD56kw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

77.  Papa Roach - Last Resort (Squeaky-clean Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0lSpNtjPM8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

78.  Papercut [Official HD Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjVkXlxsO8Q&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

79.  Queens Of The Stone Age - No One Knows (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s88r_q7oufE&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

80.  Saliva - Always (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zEm-U1hC7E&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

81.  Saliva - Click Click Boom (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfjTZLxekig&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

82.  Saving Abel - Addicted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z-ChyVXzbjA&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

83.  Seether - Broken ft. Amy Lee.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPC2Fp7IT7o&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

84.  Seether - Fake It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gy8HPSIFXEM&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

85.  Seether - Remedy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZLILV18ut8&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

86.  Shinedown - Second Chance (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WbsDPbr8qoM&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

87.  Shinedown - Sound Of Madness (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGt-8adyabk&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

88.  Slipknot - Before I Forget [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qw2LU1yS7aw&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

89.  Slipknot - Duality [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fVE8kSM43I&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

90.  Slipknot - Psychosocial [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5abamRO41fE&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

91.  Slipknot - Surfacing (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vq-zaD1poAE&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

92.  Slipknot - The Heretic Anthem (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=26PRhCJtgPQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

93.  Slipknot - Wait And Bleed [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B1zCN0YhW1s&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

94.  Spineshank - New Disease [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-TO-L1Escc&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

95.  Spineshank - Synthetic [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NbkxcNjH9w&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

96.  Staind - Fade (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-9VnIba_qQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

97.  Staind - It's Been Awhile (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=araU0fZj6oQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

98.  Staind - So Far Away (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCZXjB9DPl4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

99.  Static-X - Push It (Official Music Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ps0MfBG5-Uo&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

100.  Static-X - The Only (Official Music Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vMCbJB4yNXo&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

101.  Stone Sour - Through Glass [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIzDsGyxsQM&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

102.  System Of A Down - Aerials (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L-iepu3EtyE&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

103.  System Of A Down - Chop Suey! (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSvFpBOe8eY&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

104.  System Of A Down - Toxicity (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iywaBOMvYLI&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

105.  Tantric - Astounded (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrQ_iIcDN1o&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

106.  Tantric - Breakdown (Official Music Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxRG7uoFDo4&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

107.  Thirty Seconds To Mars - The Kill (Bury Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yvGCAvOAfM&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

108.  Three Days Grace - Animal I Have Become (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqds0B_meys&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

109.  Three Days Grace - I Hate Everything About You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8ekz_CSBVg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

110.  Three Days Grace - Riot (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixZDTiXiHsc&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

111.  Trapt - Headstrong (Official Music Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTvu1Yr3Ohk&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

112.  Velvet Revolver - Slither (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKz2U4fvA4U&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

113.  What I've Done [Official Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sgycukafqQ&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

114.  Wolfmother - Joker and the Thief.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3afXXsJwYZo&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu

115.  Wolfmother - Woman (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IRsc57nK8mg&list=PLmXxqSJJq-yVK0Q-C5rUTwMaszKm1N0Pu
2000s Rock Hits Playlist  Best Early 2000s Rock Songs