
$500,000 MOVIE DEAL PRANK!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEFUnj6pMZ8&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

Alex Ernst - funny moments pt. 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GBSuWBUYF2o&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

ALEX ERNST FUNNY MOMENTS ALL IN ONE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzzy5cmgIts&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

ALL THE BEST MOMENTS FROM DAVID DOBRIK'S VLOGS 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NV9zr1oVAw&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

asdfmovie 1-11 (Complete Collection).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CeurT8vjU0&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

BACKWARDS JET PACK BASKETBALL TRICK SHOT!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53Je9su5m5E&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

BEST FRIEND CAR RIDE WITH THE VLOG SQUAD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_zuc_OavKQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

BEST FRIEND COMMITS TO CHANGING THIS YEAR!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0qFfUohCPI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

BEST FRIEND MAKEOVER CHALLENGE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZeZEmfz2gg&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

BEST FRIENDS FIRST KISS WITH DREAM GIRL!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5XK4hY7ymo&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

BEST OF 2018!! VLOG SQUAD REWIND.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LtVguCA22b4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

Best of Davids Vlog so far in 2019!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGFB0xBGUBM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

BLOOPERS AND OUTTAKES FROM MY 200TH VIDEO!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhZsU4SBo1I&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

BUYING MY DREAM CAR!! (FERRARI).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zNE2W0sXjM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CAN'T BELIEVE WE CAUGHT THIS HAPPENING!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYruIsBvd4I&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CAR TOUR OF MY NEW TESLA (ft. Heath Hussar).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jif_PNyEkgU&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CAUGHT GIRLFRIEND TEXTING EX-BOYFRIEND!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yqbZt_ngK1g&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CAUGHT HIM CHEATING!! (FREAKOUT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73F0WVihx-A&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CAUGHT HIM WITH A GIRL IN MY BED!! (AGAIN) (REAL FOOTAGE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00ezDyp97_8&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CAUGHT ME LYING TO MY KIDS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8vVlrxE3WQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CAUGHT MY BEST FRIEND STEALING FROM STORE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCYffZaMH2E&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CAUGHT THIS MAN OUTSIDE MY HOUSE!! (FREAKOUT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cF9ogaXemtQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CHAPSTICK CHALLENGE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AwizTrq2rDE&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CHEERLEADER FALLS ON FACE!! (ACCIDENT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUVg1TuCXWs&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CHILDHOOD SNACKS MUKBANG FT DAVID DOBRIK!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3YN7gOHzK4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CHRISTMAS SURPRISE MADE THEM CRY!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMsQjR07LRU&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

COLLEGE GIRLS DID NOT SEE THIS COMING!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P2h7wcP3kic&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

COMING HOME SURPRISE!!  David Dobrik.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_JqbOovWbI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CONFRONTING BEST FRIEND ABOUT WALKING IN ON ME!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ybte74XQOi0&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CONFRONTING GIRLFRIEND ABOUT HER PAST!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGh-ZgfLueY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CONFRONTING TMZ ON CAMERA!! (SCREAMING).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=264Ishw4ZZ0&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

CONVINCED BROTHER HE IS INVISIBLE!! (FULL VERSION).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQ5edg_GP0U&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

COUPLES WOULD YOU RATHER!! With David and Liza.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qg72TGiVqgk&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

DAD BUILDS KAYAK SLIDE OFF OF HOUSE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIYzdIphPzM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

DAD GETS HIS FIRST PIERCING!! (FREAKOUT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8HNQzKxKsM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

DAD SWITCHES LIVES WITH MY ASSISTANT!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52kj2rAbA10&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

david and alex flirting aggressively.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OVxANtJaRI4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

David and Todd being a couple for 13 minutes bi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VlNPejMfvB4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

david dobrik being gay for four minutes straight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyD9GIeyHqY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

David Dobrik Plays With Puppies While Answering Fan Questions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XtmU7-B6PVY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

DAVID DOBRIK TEACHES YOU HOW TO WHIP!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HFC8vpW68Q&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

DAVID DOBRIK VLOGS BEST MOMENTS - NOVEMBER 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJgNGbA8haw&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

DAVID DOBRIK VLOGS BEST MOMENTS - SEPTEMBER 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjXysvN1XOM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

DAVID'S BIRTHDAY WISH (please watch).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QjoadI_FFhs&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

DAVID'S HOMETOWN FRIENDS BEST MOMENTS [PART 1].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhsmPCY-6Ho&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

DAVID'S HOMETOWN FRIENDS BEST MOMENTS [PART 2].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1kzFH4M9jc&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

DOING WHATEVER DAVID WANTS FOR HIS BIRTHDAY!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V4SIJJbjxFo&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

DRUNK DRIVER HIT DAVID'S CAR!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aYUioUp94U&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

EATING THE WORLD RECORD PIZZA!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5jZtOPKHiI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

EMBARRASSING MYSELF ICE SKATING!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btjRNaQopjY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

EVERYTHING WENT WRONG!!  Lizzza.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRlaxXxJDIo&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

FIRST EVER VINE PARTY!!  David Dobrik.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekfviMmVmtg&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

FORCED TO EAT THE WORLDS HOTTEST PEPPER!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FnOpy_H_6E&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

GETTING MY WISDOM TEETH REMOVED!! (1825050).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSOzG7kdywU&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

GETTING MY WISDOM TEETH REMOVED!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oslLIjuhXOI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

GHOST HUNTING WITH THE VLOG SQUAD!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Wo5YuGTZLc&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

GIRLFRIEND WASN'T SUPPOSED TO KNOW THIS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNLH3D6oI6E&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

GIRLFRIEND WENT THROUGH MY INSTAGRAM DMs!! (CAUGHT TALKING TO EX)).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLgA7wOwgrQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

GUESS THE SONG CHALLENGE!! (CHILDHOOD THEME SONGS!).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDLSPoifCz8&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

HE BLEW THIS UP IN MY HOUSE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsQ1U7ROVXQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

HE CALLED THE POLICE BECAUSE OF THIS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SzbJnvYRnWk&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

HE CONFESSES LOVE TO MY BEST FRIEND!! (CUTE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oW1IwAmSgQM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

HE GOT INTO A FIGHT WITH A PERFORMER!! (FREAKOUT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_npQnztagaU&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

HE HOOKED UP WITH HER MOM!! (LIVE FOOTAGE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3Wt857We3E&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

HE SAID THIS TO HER ON A HIDDEN CAMERA!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nUNMikuMsLY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

HE SHOULDN'T HAVE TAKEN THIS FROM HIM!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diF1z6YpMtE&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

HE'S BEEN DATING A MOM!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x08rZCpOLV4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

HE'S BEEN WANTING THIS FOREVER!! (SURPRISE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osGVeZsmezI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

HIS FIRST DATE WAS RUINED!! (HIDDEN CAMERA).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aobQJY7PgeY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

HORRIBLE IDEA TO DO IN MY LIVING ROOM!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adzCeCFhju0&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

HOWIE MANDEL FOUND THIS IN MY CAR! OUTTAKES!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6czoxFNc6hQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

I CAN'T BELIEVE THEY DID THIS TO LIZA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEWQRE9x6PM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

I CAN'T BELIEVE THEY SENT THIS TO HER!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DypZBsIXzKU&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

I CAN'T BELIEVE THEY TOLD ME THIS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4EfhYqrvY2w&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

I CAN'T DO THIS..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DldepGIYEeY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

I CRASHED David's Car....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRLxTwdw7pU&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

I GOT A CONCUSSION!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKYcUCi-CvU&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

I GOT IN MY FIRST CAR ACCIDENT!! (YAY).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZDFjXRrgEY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

I HIT LIZA BACK!!  David Dobrik.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8Iztubih0Q&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

I WASN'T GOING TO SHOW THIS!! DELETED SCENES!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OKCiw5_bXDc&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

ILYA AND DIMA BEST MOMENTS [PART 2].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crTMeYL-eUc&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

JASON NASH BEST MOMENTS 2018 [PART 2] - DAVID DOBRIK'S VLOGS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XddV8b9crYo&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

JASON NASH BEST MOMENTS [PART 3] - DAVID DOBRIK'S VLOGS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rugyR92aDrg&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

JASON NASH BEST MOMENTS [PART 4] - DAVID DOBRIK'S VLOGS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2oex7LhfYY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

JASON NASH BEST MOMENTS [PART 6].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFzg9il9MPc&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

JIMMY JOHNS MUKBANG ft DAVID DOBRIK AND JONAH!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8-70wHlCjY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

JOSH VISITS DAVID'S NEW HOUSE!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHq3GmmqHr4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

LIGHTING A FIREWORK INSIDE THEIR HOME!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kTDRxIf0Rw&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

LOSING VIRGINITY!! (FIRST DATE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFpDsLeO5Oc&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

MY BIRTHDAY WITH THE VLOG SQUAD!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XzoeE8ztMCs&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

MY GIRLFRIEND SURPRISED ME!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PczgUzOwvyQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

MY HOUSE WAS BROKEN INTO!! LIVE FOOTAGE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52-bJ6PvHJg&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

MYSTERY ABOARD A PRIVATE JET!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U51gnvmv9pQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

ONE NIGHT IN DAVID'S APARTMENT!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZyM_l_LCy8&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

Our relationship is on the rocks....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hg0AXQSQjw&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

PAYING OFF BEST FRIENDS COLLEGE TUITION!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXAIuDbay3U&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

PIZZA EATING CONTEST GONE WRONG!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoKUHlaHtAY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

PORTILLO'S VERNON HILLS MUKBANG W DAVID DOBRIK + JASON NASH! HOT DOGS - BEEF - AND MORE!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64sSMjgWbbY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

PRANK CALLING PEOPLE BUT WE CANT HEAR THEM!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36CbQmWvm-U&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

PRANKING LIZA AND DAVID!! THIS MADE THEM MAD!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veK7RCQvxWI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

PULLED OVER RIGHT AFTER WE DID THIS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJN9b71UcoY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

REACTING TO CRINGEY CHILDHOOD VIDEOS ft. David Dobrik.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEBbOYmyrRE&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

REACTING TO MY INSANELY OLD CRINGEY VIDEO!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_WWnPw-C3s&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

REACTING TO OUR RELATIONSHIP! HE CHOKES ME!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baDkXypDu-c&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

Revealing Secrets with my Childhood Crush.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTJ52uj31sY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SCARING FRIENDS WITH HALLOWEEN MAKEOVER!! (gone wrong).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M4T49Fttge0&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SHE CAUGHT HIM CHEATING ON HER!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jh3pCg9gaWM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SHE CONFESSED HER FEELINGS FOR ME!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5XaCsMRGlIQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SHE MADE $100,000 IN ONE MONTH!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6yTmozM5jL0&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SHE SAID SHE'D NEVER DO THIS AGAIN!! (CAUGHT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDjogXZUZr4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SHE STARTED CRYING!!  David Dobrik.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xw_2_ivWI5E&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SHE TOLD ME SHE WAS PREGNANT!! (SURPRISE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q6D2JekYQb8&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SHE WAS SCARED IN THE SHOWER!!  David Dobrik.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcFk2WO1sXQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SINGING TO STRANGERS WITH CHARLIE PUTH!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cl4Fv61rBxw&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SMASHED YOUR IPHONE PRANK!! ?? ft. David Dobrik.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yAwgIJscdLA&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

Stealing $60,000 from David while he's sleeping.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OC0864nP2aE&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

STEVE-O JUMPS OFF ROOF INTO HOT TUB!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vb_OBMAY18s&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISED BY DRAKE AND JOSH!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akZP2xujyyk&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISING BEST FRIEND FOR HIS BIRTHDAY!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUfJQxANrx8&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISING BEST FRIEND WITH A MERCEDES-BENZ!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_mYCf7Xd_c&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISING BROTHER WITH LAKERS TICKETS!! (EMOTIONAL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4ayYKLAYy4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISING GIRL FOR HER BIRTHDAY!! (BLINDFOLD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liTdRu5S1kI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISING HER IN FRONT OF HER SCHOOL!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUw4vaRRMvQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISING LITTLE BROTHER WITH A PONY!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVy6MQA9jgo&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISING MY BEST FRIEND WITH $60,000!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbQ7dy1ALGg&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISING MY BEST FRIEND WITH A NEW TESLA!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dO6GDZ7UQ1I&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISING OUR MAID WITH $10,000!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOFB9hS3bx8&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISING PEOPLE WITH KYLIE JENNER!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTMt0wpPfyY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISING SISTER WITH BRAND NEW CAR!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7Ckb6tJGuc&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

SURPRISING SON WITH DREAM CAR!! (FREAKOUT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-v_8ed2_2xc&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

TALKING TO MY ASSISTANT ABOUT MARRIAGE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awPswC9w-J4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

TAZER Hide & Seek in DAVID DOBRIK'S house! if found, get shocked.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Usivi731Eo&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

TELLING DAD WHAT TO SAY ON HIDDEN CAMERA!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ek7UXQBzW2o&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THE GIRLFRIEND TAG w LIZA KOSHY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EQjvj7Sa2c&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THE POLICE TOLD HIM TO LEAVE!! (FREAKOUT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MetiR_00zTo&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THEY ALL WALKED IN ON ME!! (CAUGHT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AqYKg4ocylM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THEY MESSED UP THE TATTOO!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=soHcaFiSmGM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THIS IS WHY HE SHOULD STOP DRINKING!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VzMWT2ID08&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THIS MADE LITTLE BROTHER CRY!! (PAINFUL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSDfx0QLg-s&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THIS SCARED HER TO TEARS!! (POLICE CALLED).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNOI-SLbSfY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THIS WAS A REALLY BAD ACCIDENT!! (PAINFUL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIsoQlJtIhk&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THIS WAS A TERRIBLE IDEA!! (DRILLING OFF CHEST HAIR).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jzzrk03yO-I&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THIS WAS A TERRIBLE IDEA!! (FREAKOUT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOvZE0fJCh8&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THIS WAS TOO DISGUSTING TO LOOK AT!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kAEAdS4yrLw&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THIS WOMAN HURT HIM!! (PAINFUL SURPRISE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2KWB-6F_RM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

THROWING THREE DARTS AT HIS HAND!! (FREAKOUT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57w_96TyK0s&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

TRANSFORMING HER ROOM INTO A BEACH!! (SURPRISE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKgqNHiWyAI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

TRY NOT TO LAUGH CHALLENGE!! (PUNISHMENTS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6BUUdbSyDs&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 10].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCp-NGzfEq8&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 11].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1ea1faSb9Y&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 13].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUovwZRmTeg&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 14].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjP-4foph1U&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 15].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-X-DMUbzxpk&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 16].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kn2QaxXn6WI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 17].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quKRgPQ2k2g&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 18].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYQQmzE3KFw&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 19].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eduf3GovBaI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 1].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPxXsT8d6Mg&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 20].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKA81E-6tf0&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 21].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TIXl-yJz5PM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 22].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDlYSHFoluE&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 24].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rr5rkUu6aSA&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 25].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iV4MgzKqXFg&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 26].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esvr1uvyhb0&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 27].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ULQe4tm0PpM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 28].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0czDDI4p5Q&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 29].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eChvTlQ2CoU&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 2].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fl8jm2NVbow&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 30].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fRh84k-fteQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 31].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpdbHhmD65g&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 32].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNi5TLo06oU&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 33].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2F7KdijReI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 34].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWYjaFumjjo&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 35].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7WwBn7nuEA&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 37].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uULoKvKadEw&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 38].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pl70wX9NrHw&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 40].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61xzrzf9xAI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 41].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7la7NxMFj4s&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 42].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpEojv_bi8o&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 43].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJzw8cx1drM&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 45].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DbdCf7h8jQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 47].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-22GdOehEUQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 4].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YilqTBkhvRE&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 50].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2mB8caIfY38&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 52].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUMOs4WCasY&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 53].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MpEh4bNXE1U&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 56].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3m_s3pu50E&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 57].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jB0vwFiULc4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 60].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhC6KV_JCmw&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 63].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubhUFE3gi4s&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 64].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZA4BZAvZ9g&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 65].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCUBoOvO7YE&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 68].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovMscCZ8hLQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 6].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJ2Oex-Sa70&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 7].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOl-yN1bVkI&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS [PART 8].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfJVOK3WkhE&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD MOVING BACK IN TOGETHER!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofRmYN2_O5E&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD UNDER LOCKDOWN AT THE AIRPORT!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMKzlRYmgUw&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOG SQUAD'S PRIVATE PLANE TO LAS VEGAS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FbolE7rGwm0&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOGSQUAD BEST MOMENTS [Part 1].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxK3CAVKxXA&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

VLOGSQUAD BEST MOMENTS [Part 3].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Zq5tTRqCt4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WAXING MY BOYFRIEND!! BOYFRIEND TAG!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkafvjIjR7s&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WE BUILT A SKATE PARK IN OUR LIVING ROOM!! (FAIL).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9U_jly5IaJ8&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WE COULD GET EVICTED FOR THIS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47-OBWTudsw&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WE DID THIS WHILE HE WAS SLEEPING!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6owbVzheaG4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WE FOUND OUT WHERE JOHN STAMOS LIVES!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oG1EP0Go2PQ&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WE FOUND THIS LIVING IN HIS TOILET!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2VuKxvZanc&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WE GOT INTO A CAR ACCIDENT!! (POLICE CAME).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQN4QHiRNk8&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WE NEED TO TELL YOU SOMETHING....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m23fB2blSj0&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WE SHOULDN'T BE SHOWING YOU THIS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqPZeXX9H1A&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WE SHOULDN'T HAVE DONE THIS INSIDE MY HOUSE!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cG3gSkLeHeA&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WE WERE NOT EXPECTING THIS!! (SURPRISED).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0YdrB07_K0&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WE'RE MALE MODELS!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kw0ewPiBcy4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WELCOMING A NEW MEMBER OF THE FAMILY!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fMUWeQ5Pj4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WHY JOSH PECK IS LEAVING DAVID'S VLOG!!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qq3i4sMWwU&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS

WINNING MY FIRST KIDS CHOICE AWARD!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSgtI1aM5T4&list=PL8f_gBPSvY8EHhGym-w1CyLuAhBNvIWzS
VLOG SQUAD BEST MOMENTS PLAYLIST