
1.  'Mera Nachan Nu' Lyrical  AIRLIFT  Akshay Kumar, Nimrat Kaur  Amaal Mallik.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1ksmsaQ_zI&pp=sAQA

2.  Aap Mujhe Hero Lage They  WHY CHEAT INDIA  Movie Clip  Emraan Hashmi, Shreya Dhanwanthary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkdNRA2ls5k&pp=sAQA

3.  Amit Trivedi about Dosti Song - RRR  M M Kreem  NTR, Ram Charan, Ajay Devgn, Alia  SS Rajamouli.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gq9MzwZsBnw&pp=sAQA

4.  Aye Mere HumsafarAb Mujhe Raat Din Teaser Ep-5 Palak M  Armaan M  T-Series Mixtape S3  28JULY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y4Od0MFqBO0&pp=sAQA

5.  Aye Mere HumsafarAb Mujhe Raat Din?Ep-5 Palak M,Armaan M T-Series Mixtape S3Abhijit Vl Bhushan K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2akyYDbLuw&pp=sAQA

6.  AZHAR VIDEO JUKEBOX (Full Songs)  Emraan Hashmi, Prachi Desai, Nargis Fakhri  T-Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7kxXxPfO3A&pp=sAQA

7.  Barsaat Ki Dhun Song  Rochak K Ft. Jubin N  Gurmeet C, Karishma S Rashmi V  Ashish P  Bhushan K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIucrdfR6rI&pp=sAQA

8.  Behind The Scenes Bedardi Se Pyaar Ka Jubin N,Meet B,Manoj MGurmeet C,Sherine S,Kaashish Ashish.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4q4FflA0yA&pp=sAQA

9.  BEST OF IRSHAD KAMIL SONGS - Audio Jukebox  Bollywood Hindi Songs  Love Songs  T-Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVV-cCRH9sE&pp=sAQA

10.  Bhai Bhai Song  Bhuj The Pride Of India Sanjay D. Mika S  Lijo George - DJ Chetas Manoj M.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1e5Fbbdi2s&pp=sAQA

11.  Bhai Bhai Teaser Bhuj The Pride Of India Sanjay D. Mika S Lijo George - DJ Chetas Out Tomorrow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19jg38X2rvo&pp=sAQA

12.  Chhap Tilak Lyrical  SAAT UCHAKKEY  Manoj Bajpayee, Anupam Kher, Kay Kay Menon, Aditi Sharma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FvEZ2YLF3M&pp=sAQA

13.  Dil Hai Ki Manta Nahin Nazar Ke Samne ? Ep-4 Shilpa,YasserT-Series Mixtape S3Abhijit VlBhushan K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7MCsiI5maU0&pp=sAQA

14.  Dil Lauta Do Song  Jubin Nautiyal, Payal Dev  Sunny K, Saiyami K  Kunaal V  Navjit B  Bhushan K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_huhqaSLlM&pp=sAQA

15.  Dil Lauta Do Teaser  Jubin N, Payal D  Sunny K, Saiyami K  Kunaal V  Navjit B  OUT On 27 JULY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEffTIpSQ7k&pp=sAQA

16.  Dosti Music Video - RRR - Amit Trivedi, MM Kreem  NTR, Ram Charan, Ajay Devgn, Alia  SS Rajamouli.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_XSrkAJ_V8g&pp=sAQA

17.  Lyrical Ranjha  Queen  Kangana Ranaut, Raj Kumar Rao  Rupesh Kumar Ram  T-Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_y6-MihVSC8&pp=sAQA

18.  Main Singer Banna Chahta Tha  WHY CHEAT INDIA  Movie Clip  Emraan Hashmi, Shreya Dhanwanthary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEoLpZ060rA&pp=sAQA

19.  Making of Wafa Na Raas Aayee Song Jubin N  Ft.Himansh K,Arushi N, Meet Bros Rashmi V  Ashish P.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqMXZAVMNNo&pp=sAQA

20.  Nain Bengali  YT Shorts  Guru Randhawa  Keep Making YTShorts & Participate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwrwKOSAqnI&pp=sAQA

21.  Pakeezgi (Lyrical)  Satinder Sartaaj  Beat Minister  Latest Songs 2021  T-Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOJhlow--gk&pp=sAQA

22.  Pyar Kiya Toh Nibhana Wada Raha Teaser Ep-6  Jonita G, Millind G  T-Series Mixtape S3  4 August.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRB67imMvW4&pp=sAQA

23.  Roar Of RRR - RRR Making  NTR, Ram Charan, Ajay Devgn, Alia Bhatt  SS Rajamouli.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHRgafXfHW0&pp=sAQA

24.  RRR Music Announcement  SS Rajamouli  MM Keeravaani  Junior NTR  Ram Charan  Ajay Devgn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-U8n9gximI&pp=sAQA

25.  Shanti (Lyrical)  Feat. Millind Gaba & Nikki Tamboli Asli Gold Satti Dhillon  Bhushan Kumar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RP9kzczkZx4&pp=sAQA

26.  Shanti Full Audio  Millind Gaba & Nikki Tamboli Asli Gold Satti Dhillon  Bhushan Kumar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qoNYkTjiS_U&pp=sAQA

27.  Step It Up - Top 10 Dance Songs  Video Jukebox  Superhit Dance Video Songs  T-Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S51_bmqFXwM&pp=sAQA

28.  Tum Mujhe Thoda Der Se Mili  WHY CHEAT INDIA  Movie Clip  Emraan Hashmi, Shreya Dhanwanthary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JijEODJdq44&pp=sAQA

29.  Yaaron Rab Se Dua Karo - Audio  Akhil S, Khatija I, Gaurav C  Meet Bros, Rashmi-Virag  Bhushan K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6m_mkOizZno&pp=sAQA

30.  Zaalima Coca Cola Song  Nora Fatehi  Tanishk Bagchi  Shreya Ghoshal  Vayu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6n-BVCelnU&pp=sAQA
T-Series