
1.  DRAW A NOSE TO PRACTICE YOUR SHADING! PENCIL DRAWING ON THE IPAD PRO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsLxDW1_ox0&pp=sAQA

2.  Drawing a Baby Portrait with Graphite Pencils.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NA7cFXvXw2o&pp=sAQA

3.  Drawing a Face from a Photo - Boy Portrait.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SN9IiutuKl4&pp=sAQA

4.  DRAWING A HAIR UPDO WITH FLOWERS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SepZvMHj-M&pp=sAQA

5.  Drawing a Man Portrait with Graphite Pencils.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6stbDmHb28&pp=sAQA

6.  Drawing a minimalistic Portrait with Graphite Pencils.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sG3a4JxRQvU&pp=sAQA

7.  Drawing a Portrait with Graphite Pencils  Emmy Kalia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RaxfKiKcMUM&pp=sAQA

8.  Drawing and Painting a Bird with Watercolors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wimAkhfICG8&pp=sAQA

9.  DRAWING FROM YOUR PHONE EYE SKETCH.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ZJLsR2ifrY&pp=sAQA

10.  How to draw a face for beginners from sketch to finish  Emmy Kalia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-c3L90nsesw&pp=sAQA

11.  How to draw a realistic eye and Why you need darker values! Emmy Kalia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZLORcuI57A&pp=sAQA

12.  How to draw an accurate sketch using simple guidelines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBrpx2vTly4&pp=sAQA

13.  How to draw and shade a portrait using Graphite Pencils.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_M73zJ8Wis&pp=sAQA

14.  How to draw from a reference photo, sketching and shading a portrait  Emmy Kalia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b-NltDNawU&pp=sAQA

15.  How to draw two eyes the same.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1elwmV2kmXg&pp=sAQA

16.  How to get a Likeness in a Portrait Drawing - Drawing from a Reference Photo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4-LKtewtn4&pp=sAQA

17.  How to get better at drawing! My NEW Membership.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-dhI83HkHs&pp=sAQA

18.  How to paint a Floral Wreath with Watercolors for Valentines Day  Emmy Kalia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2RscMqAgZI&pp=sAQA

19.  Learn how to create Beautiful Portraits.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjxzq_fXe7s&pp=sAQA

20.  Learn How To Draw Realistic Eyes #emmykalia? #shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svSVwDXV-xI&pp=sAQA

21.  MY DRAWINGS 2018.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1yEMmGOOns&pp=sAQA

22.  PaintingColoring a face with Watercolors and Colored pencils.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S915VbodBbA&pp=sAQA

23.  Practice drawing Facial Features first!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRwNMQDkl6o&pp=sAQA

24.  Simple Drawing Exercises for Beginners, How to draw a bird!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EP7iNJSasTk&pp=sAQA

25.  Sketching and Shading a Face with 3 pencils.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N7ZxyGhfTNo&pp=sAQA

26.  Sketching and Shading a Girl Portrait with Graphite Pencils.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CI1_uEqxw2I&pp=sAQA

27.  Sketching and Shading Facial Features #emmykalia #shorts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lx0FHvA7yUA&pp=sAQA

28.  Trying A New Medium Portrait Painting With Watercolors  Emmy Kalia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_o9pdeepyNE&pp=sAQA

29.  Understanding the Basic Proportions of a Face.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVggDMsyMIE&pp=sAQA

30.  Why is it important to learn the basics of drawing first.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YjM6IxyH-4&pp=sAQA
Emmy Kalia