
1.  An American Practice Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-rPy_0LRXE

2.  An American Practice Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmthkFROFGc

3.  An American Practice Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37sOzkjOBok

4.  An American Practice Part 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBnemUXjcgA

5.  An Herb Walk in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOw3ljefv94

6.  Ayurveda - Pita.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06ifg7p0R2U

7.  Badger Medicine with Matthew Wood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQ9jPP3foo8

8.  Barefoot Doctor - Cupping, Scraping, Moxibustion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIZo9085BYA

9.  Bear medicine with Matthew Wood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jL01MrD_Kx4

10.  Biodynamic Gardening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXsSuUN0X9g

11.  Butterflies love herbs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VF-2rWJM97s

12.  Calm Down!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUBzvNVO5hM

13.  Cancer & Herbs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fC5eqdf4ysA

14.  Chinese Foundation Theory - Chi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NirFhjA5Hqo

15.  Dandelion Wine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KJQ65mYGSY

16.  Dandelions and pesticides.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Chkdu_8A0TM

17.  David Hoffmann A Call to Herbs Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WMKOUAnpqk

18.  David Hoffmann A Call to Herbs Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_S6AYy-qw4

19.  David Hoffmann A Call to Herbs Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUxPc5KCfFE

20.  Differential Diagnosis - Heart disorders.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HP384cqvmlA

21.  Differential Diagnosis - Kidney disorders.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrCVj1y-rbw

22.  DIY Herbs  - Cleavers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2hjwsA-ZU0

23.  DIY Herbs  Boneset.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGx9wIO-lMA

24.  DIY Herbs - Black Cohosh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ov_Pzc6zRs

25.  DIY Herbs - Blue vervain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zu6dVbGeoTA

26.  DIY Herbs - Burdock.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XChW7GE0C4

27.  DIY Herbs - Dandelions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJz3OXERJCg

28.  DIY Herbs - Echinacea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv51lTOW8DE

29.  DIY Herbs - Elderberry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSIMkxE3zfM

30.  DIY Herbs - Marshmallow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTFkPlT7TUg

31.  DIY Herbs - Motherwort.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vOFfB_WSMMg

32.  DIY Herbs - Mullein.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LscPuNeT-M

33.  DIY Herbs - Nettles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqBTUke22us

34.  DIY Herbs - Sage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pvm1t3eI_As

35.  DIY Herbs - Sarsaparilla.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44b4WoLwhD0

36.  DIY Herbs - Solomon's Seal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mj_wGJDpoYs

37.  DIY Herbs - St John's wort.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3pKkaYJjNU

38.  DIY Herbs - Sweet Annie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLxoO318cxI

39.  DIY Herbs - Treating Coughs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J91f_8S3h3o

40.  DIY Herbs - Wild Geranium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVtmlAxUmc4

41.  DIY Herbs - Wild rose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx2KFtHJm2U

42.  DIY Herbs - Wild Yam.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJonGKLqhY8

43.  DIY Herbs - Yarrow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh2O0BBm8AQ

44.  DIY Herbs Bloodroot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X-NOwvYwpl0

45.  DIY Herbs Catnip.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwHtAzLmLFA

46.  DIY Herbs Comfrey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8uXCsAfj_8

47.  DIY Herbs Crampbark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y-3yNlUj0ZQ

48.  DIY Herbs Elecampane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ex1gLLcEVGA

49.  DIY Herbs for Breastfeeding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0AlITNCOrU

50.  DIY Herbs Lemon balm.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkNnzhzMaWg

51.  DIY Herbs Plantain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWMpxp7waS0

52.  DIY Herbs Red clover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pMDYyTov8k

53.  DIY Herbs Trillium (Bethroot).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnNaCWjq_2o

54.  DIY Herbs Violet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nLNakfnfkEI

55.  DIY Herbs Wild cherry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H6erEKpfaPM

56.  DIY Herbs Yellow Dock.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rvp3Iq2rsMw

57.  DIY Tree Medicine Hemlock & Pine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHIT6rbPKzE

58.  DIY Tree Medicine Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7JJjY7qRuc

59.  DIY Tree Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3TsbdoKC30

60.  Doctrine of Signatures  -  Angelica.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxMmtYsVIe4

61.  Don Antonio - A Peruvian Shaman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyUp5YxrWuk

62.  Elk medicine with Matthew Wood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgxzVSERNGA

63.  Fire In Belly - Treating IBD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTjB1D8BklI

64.  Five Element Theory - Fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBDD4Y7WOkY

65.  Ginseng Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxyxSZ664MY

66.  Healing a Leaky Gut.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oi22tRCZ3Mk

67.  Healing Forest, Shamans and Shamanic Plants Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQMlcyVQ5kc

68.  Healing Forest, Shamans and Shamanic Plants Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIRHxBqteZE

69.  Healthy adrenal glands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdAdkum9Fc8

70.  Herb Safety.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FZPyw1vhT6k

71.  Herbal Action - Alterative.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chJ3Db33qGg

72.  Herbal Action - Anticattarhal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVJ4_BR9egE

73.  Herbal Action - Demulcent and Vulnerary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szRvmxzEwbI

74.  Herbal Action - Nervine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jt_oHgy7ZtU

75.  Herbal Actions -   Anticattarhals & Expectorants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdnC_TdHjWM

76.  Herbal Actions - Adaptogens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncDLoYq_xeY

77.  Herbal Actions - Cardiac and Hepatic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAYgUZ5By98

78.  Herbal Actions Anti inflammatory, Antispasmodic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwmaaX4WeH4

79.  Herbal Actions Anti-infective and Carminative.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjWcnOegFgs

80.  Herbal Pain Relief.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z_Bm4WeRYNg

81.  Herbal Skin care for kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_KsZYe2EIE

82.  Herbs and Anthroposophy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPLyg29xTzk

83.  Herbs of Alabama.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSHiLK3PCLc

84.  HerbTV A Look Back.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32wc3CQ-YzI

85.  Into the  Woods - Goldthread (Coptis).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnTmTuam6Z8

86.  Introduction to Herbalism - Sumac.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8URRd12Sz8

87.  Introduction to Native American Herbalism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkdOXLbv65o

88.  John Uri Lloyd  - Eclectic Pharmacist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJPZPH3mS4g

89.  Legal Issues in Herbalism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH7kmxrT9Lg

90.  Lichens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAuKwsHr65I

91.  Low Down Mother Blues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDrWhCfPjyw

92.  Making a White Rose Hydrosol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdPSa3tq_MQ

93.  Making nut milk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gEYyI2IxP8

94.  Medicinal Mushroom Primer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytbUaBdlJhs

95.  Medicinal Mushrooms - Chaga.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xKqWgwI4WuY

96.  Medicinal Mushrooms - Reishi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4S8epEIV3AA

97.  MindyGreen-AromaSpiritMind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUKh0dA3V2A

98.  MindyGreen-Menstrual cramps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHYTgHhtx3g

99.  Native American Healing with Patrisia Gonzales.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LSF2bNFIZw

100.  Native American Healing with Victoria Fortner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syoFNOnHr4g

101.  Nudge-opathy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=505ObYIW3CE

102.  Obesity - White Adipose Tissue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AEQVGZFAIOE

103.  Oregon Herb Walk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=piyyrZFTAv0

104.  Planetary Herbology.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBQOKgtIXk8

105.  Plant a Tree.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAatrmHdKXE

106.  Potato River Falls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFT-eVyulRs

107.  Puff balls.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZzUWenOCvY

108.  Rabbit Medicine with Matthew Wood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buXMTCx61tY

109.  Rainforest Walk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwauAAiXL6w

110.  Rocio Alarcon Interview with Rosemary Gladstar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHmBvRWkYZQ

111.  Rosemary Gladstar - Herbal First Aid.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbm2EGkCroM

112.  Rosemary Gladstar - Sitz Baths.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWjyAOtremA

113.  Rosemary Gladstar - Yarrow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mz8TFKwLt6g

114.  Sacred Psychoactives.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPw65azlyeo

115.  Sahalie Falls Willamette National Forest.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLgi2IHwZ9I

116.  Sedative Herbs with Paul Bergner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwuw-Kbo5_c

117.  Southern Herbal Tradition - Thin Blood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cNHbhac1dU

118.  Susun Weed -  Comfrey and Skin Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_T03u872Uo

119.  Susun Weed - Plant Reproduction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cDLzmJYfe4

120.  Susun's Nourishing infusions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qZPMVGskEe4

121.  Sweet Creek Cascades, Siuslaw National Forest, Oregon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKyD8xkCyiE

122.  The Doctrine of Signatures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uc7dVaUlGxw

123.  The Eclectic Materia Medica - Black Letter Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxrFpqBkTVc

124.  The Eclectics - Herbal Medicine Practitioners.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RPUFo0BK68

125.  The Science of Herbs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjKTAYdJ4_A

126.  The Southern Herbal Tradition Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69FiZqmsi8I

127.  The Southern Herbal Tradition Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOjo7Xv6bWk

128.  Tongue and Pulse Diagnosis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ReES4ou_RXU

129.  Using herbs for health & nutrition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlVibf-90eQ

130.  Vitamin D for Flu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpQ4HMfi3gs

131.  Vitamins and Herbs for Flu.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8g-QWX1EVXE

132.  Waterfall Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qgi3OYIisQ

133.  Werewolf root with Matthew Wood.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZvDYifyYOM

134.  Western Phytotherapy -  Using Hops, Skullcap and Passionflower.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4ngueRpB8Q

135.  Wildcrafting with Jessie - Usnea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWG-6AukPFQ

136.  Zoom Balls!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bdv-mCtfC8
HerbTV - Videos