
Math 1A1B.  Pre-Calculus Finding the Inverse of a Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SnEZp5ubOM

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Circle Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEcZ2xYTd9E

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Composition of Functions, Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=If7704NOTv8

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Composition of Functions, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bOguiGeXxSc

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Composition of Functions, Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7-IourdG20

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Converting a Quadratic Function from Standard to Vertex Form.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQAyatPKTgQ

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Difference Quotient.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hq-EGCHXGuE

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Distance in the Plane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bs9V-aT6OJc

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Domain and Intercepts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J9Q2SX-3McQ

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Domain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_zFvUYNVDw

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Equations of Lines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5BKZtnnsdk

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Equations of Quadratic Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7fzQ_IEgPg

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Evaluating Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hldERhmyS8s

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Finding the Domain and Range from a Graph.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPjwNj83fn4

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Finding the Slope of a Line Given Its Equation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVWCywzh-I4

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Functions and the Vertical Line Test.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eq4h8xlYwz4

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Graph Transformations, Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZn6dyzX9mY

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Graph Transformations, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfkzT_d2yo4

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Graphing a Line.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bn2bKW_1mKQ

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Graphing a Parabola, Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eQBIZFM6AU

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Graphing a Parabola, Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5inG0fVpz0c

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus IncreasingDecreasingConstant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqF7eDf85WE

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Intro to Functions and Graphs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5af-tg1EQqM

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Inverse Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5NOpBdIvbE

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus MaximumMinimum Quadratic Function Word Problems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYvB3f9dpq0

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Midpoint.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2drMySr53k

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Odd and Even Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lj2Hu1ICztQ

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Parallel and Perpendicular Lines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9fBf6sv37k

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Piecewise-Defined Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_tVEMFeHe8

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Plotting Points in the Rectangular Coordinate System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SnaT9z5hn4

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Quadratic Inequalities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GrBROeMfGZc

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Relation Versus Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZlIPVVU0DxA

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Sum, Difference, Product, and Quotient of Two Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCoK9ssPFg8

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus The Slope of a Line.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zIOA9vge-7M

Math 1A1B. Pre-Calculus Verifying Inverse Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yNnOnZpzluQ

UC Irvine OpenCourseWare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJGR5Y-Qqac
Math 1A1B Pre-Calculus - Functions and Graphs