
Best Animal Fails of 2020  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6g5qS52Gtw&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Best Fails I Had With My Friends (2020)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-7sin5Bdt8&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Best Fails of the Year (So Far)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZ_9KTAg1Yo&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

BEST FAILS OF THE YEAR (So Far) 2021  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNMb2YMmZI0&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Best Fails of the Year 2017 (So Far)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDhVJfEFxik&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Best Fails of the Year 2017 Part 1 (Dec 2017)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnCsZ6YaWew&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Best Pranks of the Year (2020)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FMtl_c7SL4&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Christmas Fails  Hilarious Funny Fail Videos  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZavJz9LuFVk&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Girl Fails Video Hot Mess Express Best of the Year  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZkmMu_zAbt8&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Instant Karma Fails Best of the Year  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5TdhYIzMlNA&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Man Can't Find Phone On His Back Top Fails of the Year  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsqAaZiAB_E&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Nerf Dart To The Eyes Top Fails of the Year  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7ROs6jeuHw&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Strangest Moments of the Year (2020)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcCnzIc7I_8&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

The Best Pranks of the Year  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVe2qdppPzc&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

The Top 100 Fails of the Year (2019)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JuDGFaKR-E&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Top 100 Fails of the Year (2020)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=253DiiFjVak&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Top 100 Fails of the Year Part 1 (2019)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5dhkgMTiGg&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Top 100 Fails of the Year Part 3 (2019)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Up2VfbUVMfU&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Top 100 Fails of the Year Part 3 (2020)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgGNqdT_3WU&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Top 100 Fails of the Year Part 4 (2020)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p59yIK9utRo&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Top 100 Fails of the Year Part 5 (2020)  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVn9om-CuG8&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Top Fails of 2020 Part 1  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCchK_G_POo&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Top Fails of 2020 Part 2  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCp8LxrIxOo&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Try Not to Laugh Challenge! Funny Fails  Fails of the Week  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bf2ASh5vS-s&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz

Ultimate Bad Friends Best of the Year  FailArmy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YzDROiLxpw&list=PLOWSbqDrrI5RduOdcj7GECH8uVUGvbwaz
FailArmy Best Fails of the Year