
1.  Jet Washing my Wheelie Bins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nn90l-LcoaM&pp=sAQA

2.  Love you Reddit, Merry Christmas - Rick x.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bpsRWbpxig&pp=sAQA

3.  Rick Astley  Looking Back At Rehearsals In September 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7-vnfNrCUI0&pp=sAQA

4.  Rick Astley & Foo Fighters - Never Gonna Give You Up (Live) (Cal Jam 2017).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tokWSA5Ns-8&pp=sAQA

5.  Rick Astley & Foo Fighters - Never Gonna Give You Up (Live) (O2, London).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DW5Fs_lzUh0&pp=sAQA

6.  Rick Astley & Foo Fighters - Never Gonna Give You Up (Live) (Summer Sonic 2017, Japan).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ed2HJTJw4I&pp=sAQA

7.  Rick Astley - 50 Album Launch Party.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OfHR56x9ww&pp=sAQA

8.  Rick Astley - Ain't No Sunshine (Bill Withers Cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vXaJGBLRA_o&pp=sAQA

9.  Rick Astley - Angels On My Side (Behind The Scenes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G97cv2TtiwU&pp=sAQA

10.  Rick Astley - Angels On My Side (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cc91EfoBh8A&pp=sAQA

11.  Rick Astley - Angels on My Side (Reimagined) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7H-W1VqZrs&pp=sAQA

12.  Rick Astley - Beautiful Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPUVstUH22k&pp=sAQA

13.  Rick Astley - Beautiful Life (Reimagined) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdzF9ilYcKI&pp=sAQA

14.  Rick Astley - Beautiful Life [E.N.V Remix] (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zA54tskqnzg&pp=sAQA

15.  Rick Astley - Better Now (Post Malone Cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sik_gQ-tHHc&pp=sAQA

16.  Rick Astley - Better Together (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=heRI8ppF3Z4&pp=sAQA

17.  Rick Astley - Chance To Dance (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptrJzIWKfwU&pp=sAQA

18.  Rick Astley - Cry for Help (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2xel6q0yao&pp=sAQA

19.  Rick Astley - Cry For Help (Reimagined) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVikJ8qWMKc&pp=sAQA

20.  Rick Astley - Dance (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5o7WEv5Q5ZE&pp=sAQA

21.  Rick Astley - Don't Say Goodbye (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6uzlX51kbo&pp=sAQA

22.  Rick Astley - Empty Heart (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RZp-8_uX0U&pp=sAQA

23.  Rick Astley - Everlong (Foo Fighters Cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5oeWHngDS4&pp=sAQA

24.  Rick Astley - Every Corner (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLXQiOAUsk0&pp=sAQA

25.  Rick Astley - Every One of Us (Rehearsal Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bya_tjymfuk&pp=sAQA

26.  Rick Astley - Giant (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eE4tVlsepe8&pp=sAQA

27.  Rick Astley - Giant (Tour Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lf5jK46Cwe8&pp=sAQA

28.  Rick Astley - Greatest Hits Tour 2020 (Trailer).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pN3rMRcoFmw&pp=sAQA

29.  Rick Astley - Guitar Happiness #StaySafe #StayHome.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oO8C2rw_huc&pp=sAQA

30.  Rick Astley - Hold Me in Your Arms (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uAxcohzI3k&pp=sAQA

31.  Rick Astley - Hold Me In Your Arms (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqZS89jFCFg&pp=sAQA

32.  Rick Astley - Hold Me in Your Arms (Reimagined) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXNiHYxiKZY&pp=sAQA

33.  Rick Astley - I Need the Light (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kl9mvwLZyUA&pp=sAQA

34.  Rick Astley - It Would Take a Strong Strong Man (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9iR78Cww6w&pp=sAQA

35.  Rick Astley - It Would Take a Strong Strong Man (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBssFzSx6sI&pp=sAQA

36.  Rick Astley - Keep Singing (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AC3Ejf7vPEY&pp=sAQA

37.  Rick Astley - Keep Singing (Reimagined) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8scPpLrFTg4&pp=sAQA

38.  Rick Astley - Last Night On Earth (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdI9nxxXe4U&pp=sAQA

39.  Rick Astley - Lights Out (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3wzpC2o42I&pp=sAQA

40.  Rick Astley - Love This Christmas (Behind The Scenes).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Ja8FB7Z_jY&pp=sAQA

41.  Rick Astley - Love This Christmas (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucg3wvgk_Ac&pp=sAQA

42.  Rick Astley - Love This Christmas (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYCUNULp868&pp=sAQA

43.  Rick Astley - Mikkeller Bar London Grand Opening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Veg3_yU58G4&pp=sAQA

44.  Rick Astley - Move Right Out (International Version) [Official HD Version].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xW8BWTYaZQ8&pp=sAQA

45.  Rick Astley - Move Right Out (UK Version) [Official HD Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdOSJtbTgU8&pp=sAQA

46.  Rick Astley - My Girl (The Temptations Cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ml1Y6bBXUpI&pp=sAQA

47.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Live) (The Roxy 1987).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IO9XlQrEt2Y&pp=sAQA

48.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Live) (Top Of The Pops 1987).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DD70oKDlemE&pp=sAQA

49.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ&pp=sAQA

50.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Pianoforte) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHMjD0Lp5DY&pp=sAQA

51.  Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up (Pianoforte) (Performance).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTga41r3a4s&pp=sAQA

52.  Rick Astley - Never Knew Love (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVshSddRqAc&pp=sAQA

53.  Rick Astley - No More Looking for Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbmKG-vJank&pp=sAQA

54.  Rick Astley - Pray With Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SS0eA0PKDb4&pp=sAQA

55.  Rick Astley - Rise Up (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5L-mzt1KUo&pp=sAQA

56.  Rick Astley - Shape Of You (Ed Sheeran cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zEfFNp-fak&pp=sAQA

57.  Rick Astley - She Makes Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIxQ8X963mQ&pp=sAQA

58.  Rick Astley - She Wants to Dance With Me (Live) (Hampton Court).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QjmmOQckIU&pp=sAQA

59.  Rick Astley - She Wants To Dance With Me (Reimagined) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfiJH5aJZoM&pp=sAQA

60.  Rick Astley - Shivers (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDoU231XCqs&pp=sAQA

61.  Rick Astley - Slipping Away (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czDxG-7SFsc&pp=sAQA

62.  Rick Astley - The Good Old Days (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1yLkoKFLnBM&pp=sAQA

63.  Rick Astley - The Love Has Gone (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8AvyCpCVJI&pp=sAQA

64.  Rick Astley - The Ones You Love (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BodkSiBOw3A&pp=sAQA

65.  Rick Astley - This Old House (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YG8qjlqxpk8&pp=sAQA

66.  Rick Astley - Titanium (Cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_vnEHDjfZ8&pp=sAQA

67.  Rick Astley - Together Forever (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9de-cmycx8&pp=sAQA

68.  Rick Astley - Together Forever (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPYZpwSpKmA&pp=sAQA

69.  Rick Astley - Together Forever (Reimagined) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtJbMLCFCvI&pp=sAQA

70.  Rick Astley - Try (Champions League Tribute Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Z-O-XKL9cM&pp=sAQA

71.  Rick Astley - Try (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4-A37PK8TI&pp=sAQA

72.  Rick Astley - Try (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAUkXDhrk5k&pp=sAQA

73.  Rick Astley - Try (Orchestral Version) (Live at The London Palladium).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Aud6ROCkKI&pp=sAQA

74.  Rick Astley - Try (Reimagined) (Classical).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsH82ZcisUo&pp=sAQA

75.  Rick Astley - Unwanted (Official Song from the Podcast) (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU1EmTA4J60&pp=sAQA

76.  Rick Astley - Viva España.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQBbwB67fCY&pp=sAQA

77.  Rick Astley - Walk Like A Panther (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbsAFGPo-CQ&pp=sAQA

78.  Rick Astley - When I Fall in Love (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4w0oTP2dnM&pp=sAQA

79.  Rick Astley - When I Fall in Love (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rF1NHU_0NQE&pp=sAQA

80.  Rick Astley - When I Fall in Love (Reimagined) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REeRH5u4Q48&pp=sAQA

81.  Rick Astley - Whenever You Need Somebody (Live) (The Roxy 1987).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UT7j2KdUosM&pp=sAQA

82.  Rick Astley - Whenever You Need Somebody (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeyEGebJ1l4&pp=sAQA

83.  Rick Astley - Whenever You Need Somebody (Reimagined) (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHxTkfMibdw&pp=sAQA

84.  Rick Astley - You Move Me (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RXNFzrZTQy4&pp=sAQA

85.  Rick Astley ft.The Unsung Heroes - Every One of Us (Heroes Edit) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ZjBiDVoTTE&pp=sAQA

86.  Rick Astley ft.The Unsung Heroes - Every One of Us (Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pD3BaCNQXmE&pp=sAQA

87.  Rick In Dumfries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBHfRE3aE7c&pp=sAQA

88.  Welcome to the Official Rick Astley Youtube Channel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1k3Cpke4yU&pp=sAQA
Rick Astley