
1.  Celebration added to Library of Congress National Recording Registry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwHWiIvQ5gY&pp=sAQA

2.  George Brown Rocking the Drums.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXONNu3gFKs&pp=sAQA

3.  Kool & The Gang (Medley) - A Capitol Fourth 2012.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9WvidTG8VA&pp=sAQA

4.  Kool & The Gang - Big Fun (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_6Q8nAqx7s&pp=sAQA

5.  Kool & The Gang - Celebration (1517308).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37GihMpoc24&pp=sAQA

6.  Kool & The Gang - Celebration (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GwjfUFyY6M&pp=sAQA

7.  Kool & The Gang - Celebration - Live (2012 Van Halen Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ncbUqxsA50&pp=sAQA

8.  Kool & The Gang - Celebration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnzybUlS2rc&pp=sAQA

9.  Kool & The Gang - Cherish (Live @ Glastonbury).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpQiXiGCHh0&pp=sAQA

10.  Kool & The Gang - Cherish (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s09LuDYX12g&pp=sAQA

11.  Kool & The Gang - Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough Cover (Live @ Glastonbury).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=854htBsV7Wg&pp=sAQA

12.  Kool & The Gang - Emergency (Live @ Glastonbury).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L3KSCwKAgns&pp=sAQA

13.  Kool & The Gang - Emergency.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zE-fRgJBVrc&pp=sAQA

14.  Kool & The Gang - Fresh (Live @ Glastonbury).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7TJ_ewtWh0&pp=sAQA

15.  Kool & The Gang - Fresh (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTJ1XwGDcA4&pp=sAQA

16.  Kool & The Gang - Get Down On It (Live @ Glastonbury).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFVkgtRtrtk&pp=sAQA

17.  Kool & The Gang - Get Down On It (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qchPLaiKocI&pp=sAQA

18.  Kool & The Gang - Get Down On It - Live (2012 Van Halen Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNDrTsKUN08&pp=sAQA

19.  Kool & The Gang - Hi De Hi Hi De Ho (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQtgQKaUzss&pp=sAQA

20.  Kool & The Gang - Hollywood Swinging (Live @ Glastonbury).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqvbwTmFMRg&pp=sAQA

21.  Kool & The Gang - Hollywood Swinging - Live (2012 Van Halen Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Dvybjhi6yo&pp=sAQA

22.  Kool & The Gang - Joanna (Live @ Glastonbury).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3G7ZD-6Tpxg&pp=sAQA

23.  Kool & The Gang - Joanna (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsklsxReSe0&pp=sAQA

24.  Kool & The Gang - Jones vs. Jones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MjnbYUwLUc&pp=sAQA

25.  Kool & The Gang - Ladies Night & Get Down On It (Live @ Glastonbury).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BWdg-931HY&pp=sAQA

26.  Kool & The Gang - Ladies Night - Live (2012 Van Halen Tour).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpS5SIow77I&pp=sAQA

27.  Kool & The Gang - Let's Go Dancin [Oah La La La] (Live @ Glastonbury).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6xlTCMgeWA&pp=sAQA

28.  Kool & The Gang - Let's Go Dancing (Ooh, La, La, La) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWuoGZAz94c&pp=sAQA

29.  Kool & The Gang - Love Festival (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxSXpqgJfsM&pp=sAQA

30.  Kool & The Gang - Misled (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1O8jsxj9Dqo&pp=sAQA

31.  Kool & The Gang - No Show (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxzoQsyYZFc&pp=sAQA

32.  Kool & The Gang - Pursuit Of Happiness (Rap Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00AewuxT9BQ&pp=sAQA

33.  Kool & The Gang - Rags To Riches.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlrqnczLtis&pp=sAQA

34.  Kool & The Gang - Sexy (Where’d You Get Yours).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQiQjvnBeqo&pp=sAQA

35.  Kool & The Gang - Steppin' Out.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRuiVyq2Akc&pp=sAQA

36.  Kool & The Gang - Stone Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oohJL3pjNbU&pp=sAQA

37.  Kool & The Gang - Strong.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InjWcp51IPE&pp=sAQA

38.  Kool & The Gang - Take My Heart (Live @ Glastonbury).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RpA3hq-e-Q&pp=sAQA

39.  Kool & The Gang - Take My Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJPYQLp_jsk&pp=sAQA

40.  Kool & The Gang - Tonight (Live @ Glastonbury).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Rb91HIzBtk&pp=sAQA

41.  Kool & The Gang - Victory.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJhf4zK_RKA&pp=sAQA

42.  KOOL & THE GANG APOLLO THEATER TRIBUTE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YbtIv2MJbWU&pp=sAQA

43.  Kool and The Gang Teaser 15s SP69973H VRS 11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npBhPSPBdOE&pp=sAQA

44.  Kool for the Holidays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfwBHqZ4loU&pp=sAQA

45.  Kool TV - EPISODE 01 - DIRT POOR.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MrVfYH91ZuQ&pp=sAQA

46.  Kool TV - EPISODE 02 - Kool And The Real Gang.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fDb8WetQF8&pp=sAQA

47.  KOOL TV - EPISODE 4 - THE RISE AND FALL OF THE SOULTOWNE BAND.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kll8_3ABklg&pp=sAQA

48.  Kool TV -EPISODE 03 - The Kids Form A Band.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BGjjdyCG2iY&pp=sAQA

49.  KoolHoliday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZG30jNuC3s&pp=sAQA

50.  Real Kool TV Presents Backstage with Kool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGzKJvbEL34&pp=sAQA

51.  Real Kool TV Presents Darien Lake, NY Show Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n584GAofa8E&pp=sAQA

52.  Real Kool TV Presents Kool & The Gang Backstage Vol. 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPca5XXoYrA&pp=sAQA

53.  Real Kool TV Presents Kool & The Gang Backstage Vol. 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29-77wtakXM&pp=sAQA

54.  Real Kool TV Presents Kool & The Gang Backstage Vol. 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16_A-yao74M&pp=sAQA

55.  Real Kool TV Presents Kool & The Gang Visiting the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland, OH.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0c6AG2tWDiE&pp=sAQA

56.  Real Kool TV Presents Louisville, KY Off-Day Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bis68qc9EIY&pp=sAQA

57.  Real Kool TV Presents Louisville, KY Show Day Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2dwe50iUFc&pp=sAQA

58.  Sexy (Where'd You Get Yours) Kool & the Gang - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZH7OOE4uEK8&pp=sAQA

59.  Tim Horton Rocking the drums at Freedom Hill Amphitheatre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Vf85bB2HEE&pp=sAQA
Kool and the Gang