
1.  2 Chainz Goes to a Weed Dispensary in Las Vegas  Most Expensivest  VICELAND & GQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ikPp1J9Lb4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

2.  2020 Lamborghini Aventador SVJ Roadster Is a $700000 MONSTER Review & Walkaround 4K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Kq6VftBW3w&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

3.  2PAC - HELL RAZOR (REMIX).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1ttqn3q2Kg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

4.  A Madman's Dream (Dirty).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wzeG-iLQTg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

5.  Aesop Rock- DayLight  NightLight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HEq8UqrujM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

6.  Al'tarba vs Lord Lhus - Welcome to Hell OFFICIAL VIDEO (Lyrics posted in info).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PzE3Jg8pk0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

7.  All I Have To Do Is Dream - Everly Brothers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbU3zdAgiX8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

8.  All My Loving (Remastered 2009).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSpiwK5fig0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

9.  Anita Ward - Ring My Bell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URAqnM1PP5E&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

10.  Betty Everett - Shoop Shoop Song  (it´s in his kiss).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B4KN6TFhy2I&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

11.  Big Bopper Chantilly Lace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNrpAgTXiC4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

12.  Bill Haley & His Comets - Rock Around The Clock (1955) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZgdufzXvjqw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

13.  Billy J Kramer & The Dakotas - Bad To Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CMX0mCFYJ4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

14.  Billy J Kramer & The Dakotas - Every Time That You Walk In The Room ( The Searchers ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwmafeSmbuQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

15.  Billy J. Kramer And The Dakotas -  Do You Want To Know A Secret.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3V_BVJIShHU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

16.  Billy Stewart - I Do Love You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kr40p6ev4Yw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

17.  Billy Stewart - Sitting In The Park (1683260).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a3O1RT392fY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

18.  Billy Stewart - Sitting in the Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g14VdGTDt64&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

19.  Bittersweet Faith (Thievery Corporation Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ulhE27qNSsg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

20.  Blueberry Hill (Remastered 2002).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0f2ZBrfd5cI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

21.  Bobby Darin - Beyond the sea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8OlDPqYBLw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

22.  Bobby Darin - Dream Lover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVHAQX5sSaU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

23.  Bobby Fuller Four - I Fought The Law(1966).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OgtQj8O92eI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

24.  Bobby Helms - My Special Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFgQ0cIZiDw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

25.  Bobby Vee  - Take Good Care Of My Baby  - 1961.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awNqLO6auQA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

26.  Bobby Vee - The Night Has A Thousand Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssCLB6Y8zjA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

27.  Bobby Vinton - Mr. Lonely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djU4Lq_5EaM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

28.  Book Of Love by The Monotones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qIfuNPbBaaA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

29.  Brian Hyland Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ge9Ou3-YyqU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

30.  Buddy Holly - Everyday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMezwtB1oCU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

31.  Buddy Holly - Oh boy!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwHrx0r0t2s&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

32.  Carl Perkins - Blue Suede Shoes - Perry Como Show -1956.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRNyvO4QouY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

33.  Celph Titled - Fallout (Feat. Walkmen, Dutchmassive) + ON-SCREEN LYRICS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RoPmNqHD-FA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

34.  Cherish (Remastered Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9tAdPN3FZ4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

35.  Chordettes - Lollipop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3rYoRaxgOE0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

36.  Chris Rivers - Innocence (2013).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C7nRnoD8XXc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

37.  Chubby Checker - Let's Twist Again (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eh8eb_ACLl8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

38.  Chuck Berry - Maybellene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75RiHJGfyUE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

39.  Chuck Berry - No Particular Place to Go..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t6OS_ItMGpc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

40.  Chuck Berry - Roll Over Beethoven (1956).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOrMg3pY7hw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

41.  Chuck Berry - You Never Can Tell ((MONO)) 1964.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQyEEj0sqeg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

42.  Clyde McPhatter -- A Lover's Question.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrqW1EBLyJA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

43.  Come And Go With Me- The Dell Vikings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1eU_lDQaVM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

44.  Conditioner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1u6USpjAMU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

45.  Connie Francis - Everybody's Somebody's Fool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECOthzFvUXY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

46.  Conway Twitty Its Only Make Believe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJefPaBsSug&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

47.  Counting Crows - Mr. Jones (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oqAU5VxFWs&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

48.  Curtis Lee - Pretty Little Angel Eyes - Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZT__JFMUgU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

49.  Da Mafia 6ix ft SGP,Bizzy Bone,Krayzie Bone-Murder on My Mind Unofficial Video (1220564).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVkyn7IxXrY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

50.  Da Mafia 6ix ft SGP,Bizzy Bone,Krayzie Bone-Murder on My Mind Unofficial Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVkyn7IxXrY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

51.  Danny & The Juniors. At The Hop..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F3SrtN6tMyg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

52.  Del Shannon - Hats Off to Larry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xk_FR3341bA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

53.  Del Shannon - Runaway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0S13mP_pfEc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

54.  Dion & The Belmonts  I Wonder Why.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZBSGaWrEn4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

55.  Dion & The Belmonts A Teenager in Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pwgswchPDo&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

56.  Dion - Love Came To Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XktLJ0FJC9Q&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

57.  Dizzy Wright - God Bless America ft. Big K.R.I.T., Tech N9ne, Chel'le (Prod by SnizzyOnTheBeat).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Am2QpuJoE9I&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

58.  Dizzy Wright - On The Way feat. Demrick & Reezy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FHgI1US0QkY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

59.  Dizzy Wright - SmokeOut Conversations (Produced by DJ Hoppa).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FsJMEVeuosw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

60.  Dizzy Wright - Zoovie (Prod by SDot).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ncux2UpPJeE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

61.  dj honda  Blaze It Up feat. BlackAttack.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbuphG0kR-s&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

62.  dj honda  Out for the Cash (5 Deadly Venoms) feat. Fat Joe, Common, Al' Tariq & The Beatnuts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-fHVEx6gj1o&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

63.  DJ Hoppa - The Lost Cypher feat. Dizzy Wright, Euroz & Demrick (Hoppa and Friends 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_RkMLIYubtA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

64.  DJ Quik - Medley For A V (The Pussy Medley) - HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uJCKcEmqvE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

65.  Do You Want to Dance-Bobby Freeman-original song-1958.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4T6XIBIjKck&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

66.  Dovells   Bristol Stomp HD video   Excellent  quality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCOB5-E4P6Y&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

67.  Draggin the Line - Tommy James.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLfO738Ok5Y&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

68.  Duane Eddy - Rebel-rouser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uGPG_Y-_BZI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

69.  Dutchmassive -  Ms Unobtainable (feat. Reggie B).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvaxvYSHlUw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

70.  Eddie cochran  C'mon everybody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qadw2rFiaJc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

71.  Eddie Cochran - Summertime Blues [stereo].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=In7z7B87Puc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

72.  Eleanor Rigby - P.P.Arnold ( 1968 ) (1403708).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op9Rs_J4tBc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

73.  Eleanor Rigby - P.P.Arnold ( 1968 ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=op9Rs_J4tBc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

74.  Elvis Presley -  Surrender.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=78mINXUUyzk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

75.  Elvis Presley - (Let Me be Your) Teddy Bear (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkDbk-egHH4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

76.  Elvis Presley - (You're The) Devil in Disguise (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emjLXdsj6xA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

77.  Elvis Presley - Heartbreak Hotel (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e9BLw4W5KU8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

78.  Elvis Presley - It's Now or Never (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uwelrtb8Oho&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

79.  Elvis- Little Sister.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Di2ThVZeGV4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

80.  Eminem & Evanescence - The Only One (2020).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAT4cy-UN0s&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

81.  Eric Burdon and The Animals - See See Rider.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRhKoBfsXek&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

82.  Everly Brothers - Bye Bye Love - Original HQ Audio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRyrWN-fftE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

83.  Fergie - Glamorous (Official Music Video) ft. Ludacris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0SyUgw98tE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

84.  FOALS - Mountain At My Gates [Official Music Video] (GoPro Spherical).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_EIE5f2t6M&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

85.  FONDA RAE - TUCH ME  ( 1986 DISCO ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BjPZAkcMetA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

86.  Frankie Lymon & The Teenagers - I Want You To Be My Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkemUbJjy8o&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

87.  Frankie Lymon - Goody Goody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jHonJ78JyE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

88.  From Me To You (Mono Version  Remastered 2009).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xbycIC9WbU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

89.  Fugees - Fu-Gee-La (Refugee Camp Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRaQ2K6-i1c&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

90.  Funkmaster Flex feat. LL Cool J - Ill bomb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hd4AgT2FWMA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

91.  G Perico - Ain't My Fault Big Pimpin' (G-Style).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSPzVG7WPbA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

92.  G923 Racing Wheel and Pedals Keep Playing (1663996).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jig6uShQkgk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

93.  G923 Racing Wheel and Pedals Keep Playing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jig6uShQkgk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

94.  Gang Starr - Family and Loyalty (feat. J.Cole)  [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMsdzxuldQM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

95.  Gang Starr - Family and Loyalty (feat. J.Cole) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPdJ0ATa8T4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

96.  Gee by the Crows 1954.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf9SP84EgHY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

97.  Gene Chandler - Duke Of Earl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6Uht69h8Is&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

98.  HAVE YOU HEARD ~ The Duprees  (1963).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uugCEibK1Q&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

99.  Heart and Soul by Jan and Dean 1961.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2rVXozMOnY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

100.  Heart and Soul-The Cleftones-original song-1961.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4tSFlJlMtI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

101.  Heltah Skeltah & OGC - Leflaur Leflah Eshkoshka.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4sW3jJuVDg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

102.  Hippy Hippy Shakes - The Swinging Blue Jeans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ke8mzgex4U&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

103.  Hit the road Jack!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8Tiz6INF7I&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

104.  Hold Me Thrill Me Kiss Me    Mel Carter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKturN4Beyg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

105.  House of Pain - Fed Up (Guru Remix) [Clean].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlnzqxH6TQc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

106.  Hushabye - The Mystics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=94VWNiOcss0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

107.  I Want To Hold Your Hand (Remastered 2015).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1HDt1tknTc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

108.  I'm Into Something Good.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MDUCOwp1p60&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

109.  In the Still of the Night-The Five Satins-original song-1956.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRb1-SAAIzs&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

110.  Intro (Shaolin Finger Jab)  Chamber Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uL0yNMrf6g4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

111.  It's Late (Remastered 2005).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdZKXPWTBmQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

112.  JACKIE DE SHANNON - When You Walk in the Room (1963).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9VeE7GABgk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

113.  Jamal - Fades Em All [Explicit].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5VYPyVAD8g&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

114.  James Darren -  Goodbye Cruel World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vQN-zWELWg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

115.  Jay & The Americans Come A Little Bit Closer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZuWkVqum6a8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

116.  Jedi Mind Tricks (Vinnie Paz + Stoupe) - Black Winter Day [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w20sqdJSH7Q&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

117.  Jedi Mind Tricks (Vinnie Paz + Stoupe) - On The Eve Of War (Julio Caesar Chavez) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxNOeNapq4M&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

118.  Jedi Mind Tricks - Blood Runs Cold (feat. Sean Price) [Official Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqozyKanYFg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

119.  Jedi Mind Tricks - I Who Have Nothing [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtaRC9vHSgY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

120.  Jeru The Damaja - D. Original.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49uSOT_Zxvw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

121.  Jeru The Damaja - You Can't Stop The Prophet (Produced by DJ Premier).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zls5IlSP7h4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

122.  Jimmie Rodgers - Honeycomb ( 1957 ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1ubG2f1-to&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

123.  Jimmie Rodgers - Kisses Sweeter Than Wine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iulmZAz8XfY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

124.  Jive Five - My True Story.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=glOMdK8gfbo&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

125.  Joey Dee & The Starliters - Peppermint Twist..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WIvZu4dPQQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

126.  Johnny Maestro & Brooklyn Bridge  Trouble In Paradise & The Angels Listened In Live 2005via torchbro.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6-4E-TbabA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

127.  Johnny Maestro Performs The Angels Listened In.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HavvGZT41A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

128.  Johnny Otis - Willie and the Hand Jive (1958).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kIswurDJt4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

129.  King of The Road - Roger Miller - 1965.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HBQFjoqDYE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

130.  Kokane Night Locz. Feat. Goldie Loc Snoop Dogg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjhFEOtPh24&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

131.  La Bamba (Recorded at Gold Star).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZNlRF6DkSs&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

132.  Len Barry 1-2-3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcxcbzAYD9Y&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

133.  Lenny Kravitz - I Belong To You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucvLuGgsGS8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

134.  let's dance ~Chris Montez.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNLXxDMxe18&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

135.  Link Wray - Rumble [HQ - Best Version].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucTg6rZJCu4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

136.  Lipstick On Your Collar by Connie Francis 1959.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMlALAaEwfA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

137.  Little Anthony & The Imperials - Tears On My Pillow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=we2kmO24rgE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

138.  Little Anthony & The Imperials Shimmy Shimmy Ko Ko Bop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mLjZRAXRRA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

139.  Little Richard - Good Golly, Miss Molly.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQ6akiGRcL8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

140.  Little Richard - Long Tall Sally.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFFgbc5Vcbw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

141.  Little Richard - Tutti Frutti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F13JNjpNW6c&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

142.  Logic - Wu Tang Forever ft. Wu Tang Clan (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3-skAbrO2g&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

143.  Lou Christie - Lightnin' Strikes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyRqdzF8swY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

144.  Love Is Strange - Mickey & Sylvia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5mvN05MSa48&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

145.  Love Me Do (Mono  Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pt_zgUqoyWI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

146.  Madchild - I'm OK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfFfsg4lfdA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

147.  Madchild - The Jackel Official Music Video (1276888).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT9iN7sExKc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

148.  Madchild - The Jackel Official Music Video (1490393).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT9iN7sExKc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

149.  Madchild - The Jackel Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT9iN7sExKc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

150.  Majik Most - Forget You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgbirboZyWs&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

151.  Martha Reeves & the Vandellas - Dancing in the Street (1964).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KhbM2mqhCQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

152.  Maurice Williams & the Zodiacs - Stay.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1Z_hskvz1M&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

153.  Millie - My boy lollipop 1973.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HiuPND4W6KM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

154.  MOONGLOWS - TEN COMMANDMENTS OF LOVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6Eu43RoaGQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

155.  MR. BASS MAN ~ Johnny Cymbal  (1963).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZr8iReEqMQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

156.  Mr. Sandman - The Chordettes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CX45pYvxDiA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

157.  Mr. Short Khop - Dollaz, Dank & Drank feat. Kokane - Da Khop Shop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTLbaq2RffE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

158.  Murder on My Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23P6kmsxR7A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

159.  My Prayer   The Platters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDlcqhlzDqQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

160.  N.B.S. & Snowgoons - B.A.R.S. ft Termanology, Reks & Sicknature (OFFICIAL VIDEO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpkJyr_HoyY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

161.  Never My Love (Remastered Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32OSn3iNw9A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

162.  Once in a While The Chimes 1961.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-ZGFyBJ1k8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

163.  One Summer Night- The Danleers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QT4LJxBBaF0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

164.  P.P. Arnold - To Love Somebody (1513251).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeF4ebkTVe0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

165.  P.P. Arnold - To Love Somebody (1875312).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeF4ebkTVe0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

166.  P.P. Arnold - To Love Somebody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeF4ebkTVe0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

167.  P.P.Arnold - Angel Of The Morning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=US94q0e20Us&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

168.  Palisades Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnLCvpgPD_s&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

169.  Patti Drew - Workin' on a Groovy Thing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWqTAGf_YYk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

170.  Paul Anka - Put Your Head On My Shoulder (1959) HQ Audio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvxagNIBVLU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

171.  Rags To Riches - Tony Bennett.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y22tIJ6toPY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

172.  Rama Lama Ding Dong (Original version 1958).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSliAkQg68Y&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

173.  Randy & The Rainbows - Denise -  The Year 1963.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xgqMW4CHClk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

174.  Rappin 4 Tay - Players Club.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2daXghqHgjQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

175.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - The Zephyr Song [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fcRa5Z6LmU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

176.  Ring of Fire Johnny Cash.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIBTg7q9oNc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

177.  RITCHIE VALENS - COME ON, LET'S GO!  (1958).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLrnU1K2Wso&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

178.  Rockin' Robin-Bobby Day-original song-1957.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LklFP1IG9KY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

179.  Royal Teens   Short Shorts Very Good+ quality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOfFB5QF4iQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

180.  Runaround Sue (Remastered 1991).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXz1Mcsl5Pw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

181.  Russ - 99 (feat. Totem & paulina).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1O_3EyFE3Q&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

182.  Russ - The Flute Song (1634123).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ht-ePv8c4_A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

183.  Russ - The Flute Song (Official Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baFlWFS-R3A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

184.  Russ - The Flute Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ht-ePv8c4_A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

185.  Russ- Apollo 13.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpwNrilDYf0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

186.  Sam Cooke - Chain Gang (High Quality).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBn5aIfZElE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

187.  Sam Cooke - What A Wonderful World (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4GLAKEjU4w&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

188.  Sam Cooke-Twistin' The Night Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSoPeZMHMf4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

189.  San Francisco - Scott McKenzie.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7I0vkKy504U&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

190.  Santo & Johnny - Sleep walk [Original instrumental].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBRCvVpknvg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

191.  Savage Garden - To The Moon & Back (Extended Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCm6gRHINqA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

192.  Searchers - Needles And Pins, 1964 Mono Kapp LP..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQvt7H-v8jU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

193.  See you later alligator - Bill Haley and Comets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Hb66FH9AzI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

194.  Shade Sheist ft. Nate Dogg - Wake Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AhGm4W1Xb0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

195.  Shake, Rattle and Roll - Bill Haley and his Comets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8B7xr_EjbzE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

196.  She Loves You (Mono  Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVCwDl-S09A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

197.  Shep & The Limelites - Daddy's Home, 1961 Hull 45 record..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y8DICjr5jBI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

198.  Slaine Getting High feat. Demrick from Serial Killers Produced By DJ Lethal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCahkWFYH1o&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

199.  Smif-N-Wessun - Sound Bwoy Bureill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5MogMGLWAA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

200.  Snowgoons ft Viro The Virus - Dizzy Dreams (with Lyrics) OFFICIAL VERSION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=paziNwMNZZQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

201.  Someday - Sugar Ray.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPcX-5Tmqt8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

202.  Surf City (Remastered 1990Stereo Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWMcoxeXKAg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

203.  Surfin' U.S.A. (Remastered 2001).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0bhSGfKTs4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

204.  Swollen Members  - Black Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82Eps4IrZoQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

205.  Tell Her No - The Zombies (1301311).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43on86AmOw8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

206.  Tell Her No - The Zombies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=43on86AmOw8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

207.  Terry Stafford - Suspicion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUe7dMi2uLA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

208.  The Ad Libs - The Boy From New York City (with lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3TPYmeSqLjc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

209.  The Birds And The Bees by Jewel Akens - with lyrics version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NAPoxEdwLJM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

210.  THE BOBBETTES - MR. LEE''  (1957).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoT_7lOS-vg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

211.  The Cadillacs - Gloria (1954).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U28e4EEC2j4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

212.  The Cadillacs - Speedoo (1955).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9uZvrsAoyE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

213.  The Capitols - Cool Jerk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=27PydomerjM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

214.  The Capris -There's A Moon Out Tonight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4xNF9uh8SA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

215.  The CASCADES-Rhythm Of the Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQstQST1GiM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

216.  The Casinos - Then You Can Tell Me Goodbye stereo version (audio only).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1CMDBbylS4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

217.  The Chantels - Look In My Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7L63c2DTpag&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

218.  The Chantels - Maybe (1958).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IePTH1PWzAs&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

219.  The Chiffons - He´s So Fine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rinz9Avvq6A&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

220.  The Chiffons - One Fine Day - 1963.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KvyOqKhKWQ4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

221.  The Chords - Sh-Boom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBgQezOF8kY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

222.  The Cleftones - Can't We Be Sweethearts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kato7EMyhWY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

223.  The Cleftones - Little Girl Of Mine (original version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5w8Dr45Sls&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

224.  THE CLOVERS  -  ''LOVE POTION NO.9''  (1959).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTjs7a9l0hM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

225.  The Clovers Devil Or Angel  original recording (1956).wmv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f3NgHVcnjVg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

226.  The Contours - Do You Love Me ((MONO)) 1962.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jH4-y_xpjaQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

227.  The Crests  Step By Step ?? (Stereo).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZjhQ1DsEcw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

228.  The Crystals - Da Doo Ron Ron (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0dikX80Ed8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

229.  The Del Vikings - Whispering Bells.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oDrjIW91Qh0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

230.  The Diamonds Little Darlin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysVLzXWnTzA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

231.  The Dubs Don't Ask Me To Be Lonely.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wl8j19MCFaQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

232.  The Duprees - You belong to me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCeNCvwEFU8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

233.  The Earls - Life Is But A Dream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GawPha2RUHE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

234.  THE EARLS - REMEMBER THEN  (1962).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rgqzb-u6Q0c&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

235.  The Easybeats - Friday On My Mind (1966).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSowZcvoqr4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

236.  The El Dorados - At My Front Door.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAP_z-kEhgk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

237.  the elegants - little star.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8F4vdF-bJc&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

238.  THE FIESTAS - SO FINE  (1959).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAGUvYWifPE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

239.  The Flamingos - I Only Have Eyes For You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvzNeh4Mq1o&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

240.  THE HARPTONES- ''LIFE IS BUT A DREAM''  (1955).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyGUyUgGF-8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

241.  The Heartbeats - A Thousand Miles Away.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HQBDRSryUA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

242.  The Kinks -  All Day And All Of The Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyvxpRV-OME&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

243.  The Marcels   -   Blue Moon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0fy1HeJv80&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

244.  THE MARVELOWS - I DO  (1965).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KY9FyR-vUFI&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

245.  THE ORLONS don't hang up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvfBsFj6Nts&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

246.  THE ORLONS the wah watusi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3b5WS2xAYk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

247.  THE PASSIONS - JUST TO BE WITH YOU  (1959).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRMWwXn7PVM&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

248.  The Penguins - Earth Angel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJcGi4-n_Yw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

249.  The Platters - Only You (And You Alone) (Original Footage HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FygIKsnkCw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

250.  The Platters - Smoke Gets In Your Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2di83WAOhU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

251.  The Platters - The Great Pretender (Original Footage HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEzfhclKO8Q&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

252.  The Platters - Twilight Time - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvRe_pt9XHo&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

253.  The Poni-Tails - Born Too Late (1958).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3mfPDSbl-4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

254.  THE RAYS SILHOUETTES.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j6uq49ueugg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

255.  The Regents - Barbara Ann (ORIGINAL VERSION).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTffa6I27iA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

256.  The Rivieras - California Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yy57Xdk9u0o&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

257.  The Shangri- Las - Remember ( Walking in the Sand)  - Long stereo mix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V5YxtweUxrA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

258.  The Shirelles - Mama Said.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L842mz-tNBQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

259.  THE SHIRELLES - SOLDIER BOY 1962.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NYw83uAQig&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

260.  THE SHIRELLES -DEDICATED TO THE ONE I LOVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UnLyypuGG6o&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

261.  THE SILHOUETTES - GET A JOB  (1957).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysKhbaLyIFw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

262.  The Skyliners - Since I Don't Have You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngZh6ZSRoYg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

263.  The Skyliners - This I Swear (1959).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSu9Kj7Q_Vg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

264.  The Solitaires Walking Along Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I9mpW4uJ0Dk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

265.  The Tokens - The Lion Sleeps Tonight (Wimoweh) (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OQlByoPdG6c&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

266.  The Twist - Chubby Checker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=im9XuJJXylw&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

267.  THE VELVETS - TONIGHT ( COULD BE THE NIGHT)  (1961).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gyz90zCGUY&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

268.  The Yardbirds - Heart Full Of Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pM1qZBFiOLU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

269.  The Young Ones (2005 Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENsSN2EFyZ0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

270.  THEE MIDNITERS-DREAMING CASUALLY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9nA-z76nHU&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

271.  Thievery Corporation - All That we Perceive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKfEzadyrO0&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

272.  Thurston Harris - Little Bitty Pretty One.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8j4mn4eF-c&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

273.  TILL THEN ~ The Classics (1963).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NoasIFy09n8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

274.  Tommy Edwards - It's All In The Game.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gtizr2G_7Bk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

275.  Two Faces Have I - Lou Christie- 1963.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w05w1XbZTG8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

276.  Um Um Um Um Um Um-Major Lance-1964.wmv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g02WmLzozs8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

277.  Wayne Fontana And The Mindbenders -  The Game Of Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Nx84GK5reA&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

278.  Whats your name - Don and Juan - 1962.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QkqVU8PQOgE&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

279.  When You Walk In The Room(with lyrics)-Karla Bonoff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QA-bFPWG2s&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

280.  Who Put The Bomp - Barry Mann.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXmsLe8t_gg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

281.  Why Do Fools Fall In Love-Frankie Lymon+The Teenagers-1956.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sAHiR0rkJg&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

282.  Windy (Remastered Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VUv9OK4KUv8&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

283.  Wiz Khalifa - Never Been (KUSH AND ORANGE JUICE).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqrmy-pIAUQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

284.  Wouldn't It Be Nice (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmcNbsLCpBQ&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

285.  You're Sixteen, You're Beautiful (And You're Mine).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O9wtw35ReJ4&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO

286.  ??????????-??????????-??-???????????????? ?????? ??.??.??.??. (??????.??) ???? ????????????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2l20dnQECk&list=PL_xIJZThEfulClkRzW5-zr7iVbaxFPeqO
Doo Wop & Golden Oldies Of The 1950's 1960's 50's & 60's Oldies Jukebox