
1.  50 Cent - In Da Club (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qm8PH4xAss&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

2.  Adam Lambert - Whataya Want from Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1Fqn9du7xo&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

3.  Adele - Rolling in the Deep (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYEDA3JcQqw&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

4.  Adele - Someone Like You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLQl3WQQoQ0&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

5.  Akon - Smack That (Official Music Video) ft. Eminem.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKDdT_nyP54&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

6.  ALEXANDRA STAN - Mr. Saxobeat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sS76eS34Y0c&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

7.  Alicia Keys - Girl on Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J91ti_MpdHA&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

8.  Alicia Keys - No One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rywUS-ohqeE&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

9.  Avicii - Levels.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ovdm2yX4MA&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

10.  Avicii - Wake Me Up (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcrbM1l_BoI&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

11.  Avril Lavigne - Complicated (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NPBIwQyPWE&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

12.  B.o.B - Airplanes (feat. Hayley Williams of Paramore) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kn6-c223DUU&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

13.  B.o.B - Nothin' On You (feat. Bruno Mars) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PTDv_szmL0&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

14.  Best Song Ever Lyrics- One Direction.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4XALIOohc0g&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

15.  Beyoncé - Crazy In Love ft. JAY Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ViwtNLUqkMY&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

16.  Beyoncé - Halo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnVUHWCynig&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

17.  Beyoncé - Irreplaceable.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2EwViQxSJJQ&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

18.  Beyoncé - Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It) (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m1EFMoRFvY&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

19.  Beyoncé - Sweet Dreams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlxByc0-V40&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

20.  Born This Way- Lady Gaga LYRICS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BsLd4Y060Q&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

21.  Britney Spears - Circus (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVhJ_A8XUgc&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

22.  Britney Spears - Oops!...I Did It Again (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CduA0TULnow&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

23.  Britney Spears - Till The World Ends (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzU9OrZlKb8&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

24.  Britney Spears - Toxic (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOZuxwVk7TU&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

25.  Bruno Mars - Count on me [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMsvwwp6S7Q&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

26.  Bruno Mars - Grenade (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SR6iYWJxHqs&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

27.  Bruno Mars - Just The Way You Are (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LjhCEhWiKXk&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

28.  Bruno Mars - Marry You (Lyrics) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zlv1rdcpS9M&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

29.  Bruno Mars - The Lazy Song (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLexgOxsZu0&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

30.  Calvin Harris - Feel So Close (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGghkjpNCQ8&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

31.  Carly Rae Jepsen - Call Me Maybe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWNaR-rxAic&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

32.  Carrie Underwood - Before He Cheats (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WaSy8yy-mr8&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

33.  Cee Lo Green - Forget You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKxodgpyGec&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

34.  Chris Brown - Forever (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sMKX22BHeE&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

35.  Chris Brown - Yeah 3x (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mC2ixOAivA&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

36.  Christina Perri - A Thousand Years [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtOvBOTyX00&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

37.  Cobra Starship You Make Me Feel... ft. Sabi [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpyZEzrDf4c&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

38.  Coldplay - Clocks (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d020hcWA_Wg&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

39.  Coldplay - Paradise (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G4isv_Fylg&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

40.  Coldplay - The Scientist (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB-RcX5DS5A&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

41.  Coldplay - Viva La Vida (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvgZkm1xWPE&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

42.  Daughtry - Home (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7bnX-6sJZBw&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

43.  David Guetta - Titanium ft. Sia (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRfuAukYTKg&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

44.  David Guetta ft Akon - Sexy Bitch (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIIN_SGQy9c&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

45.  Demi Lovato - Give Your Heart a Break (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zfzka5VwRc&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

46.  Ellie Goulding - Lights (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NKUpo_xKyQ&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

47.  Eminem - Love The Way You Lie ft. Rihanna.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uelHwf8o7_U&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

48.  Eminem ft. Rihanna - The Monster (Clean + Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BUGwAw8OR4&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

49.  Fergie - Big Girls Don't Cry (Personal) (Extended Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6sqA9QtV5I&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

50.  Fergie - Clumsy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tf_gPZSDIxI&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

51.  Flo Rida - Low [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dq6Q_uaJF4k&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

52.  Flo Rida - Wild Ones ft. Sia [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpOR_HuHRNs&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

53.  Fun. We Are Young ft. Janelle Monáe [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv6dMFF_yts&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

54.  Gavin DeGraw - Not Over You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDWhfsQHq1o&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

55.  Give Me Everything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2lX1ZovtcA&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

56.  Gnarls Barkley - Crazy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-N4jf6rtyuw&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

57.  Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now) (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaTGrV58wec&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

58.  Gotye - Somebody That I Used To Know (feat. Kimbra) [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UVNT4wvIGY&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

59.  Green Day-Wake Me Up When September Ends lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jVO8sUrs-Pw&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

60.  Gwen Stefani - Rich Girl (Official Music Video) ft. Eve.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rlNpWYQunY&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

61.  Gwen Stefani - The Sweet Escape (Closed Captioned) ft. Akon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0lf_fE3HwA&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

62.  Gym Class Heroes Stereo Hearts ft. Adam Levine [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3E9Wjbq44E&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

63.  Hoobastank - The Reason (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV4DiAyExN0&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

64.  Hot Chelle Rae - Tonight Tonight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QzlNFcT2aOE&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

65.  Hotel Room Service.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqWFKms5J_M&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

66.  Icona Pop -  I Love it (I don't care) -  Lyrics on Screen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2-hkpLXwHUQ&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

67.  Imagine Dragons - Demons (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWRsgZuwf_8&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

68.  Imagine Dragons - Radioactive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktvTqknDobU&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

69.  Jason Derulo - In My Head [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyG1FG3H6rY&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

70.  Jason Mraz - I'm Yours (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkHTsc9PU2A&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

71.  Jennifer Lopez - On The Floor ft. Pitbull.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4H_Zoh7G5A&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

72.  Jessie J - Domino (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJtB55MaoD0&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

73.  Justin Timberlake - Cry Me A River (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DksSPZTZES0&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

74.  Justin Timberlake - Mirrors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuZE_IRwLNI&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

75.  Justin Timberlake - My Love (With Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1TsfShR5ZY&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

76.  Justin Timberlake - Rock Your Body (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSVHoHyErBQ&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

77.  Justin Timberlake - SexyBack (Director's Cut) ft. Timbaland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gOHvDP_vCs&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

78.  Justin Timberlake - What Goes Around...Comes Around.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TOrnUquxtwA&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

79.  Kardinal Offishall - Dangerous ft. Akon (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ro7yHf_pU14&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

80.  Kat DeLuna - Whine Up (Official Video) ft. Elephant Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcMXZjYqIog&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

81.  Katy Perry - California Gurls (Official Music Video) ft. Snoop Dogg.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F57P9C4SAW4&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

82.  Katy Perry - E.T. ft. Kanye West (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5Sd5c4o9UM&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

83.  Katy Perry - Firework (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGJuMBdaqIw&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

84.  Katy Perry - Hot N Cold (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTHNpusq654&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

85.  Katy Perry - I Kissed A Girl (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAp9BKosZXs&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

86.  Katy Perry - Last Friday Night (T.G.I.F.) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlyXNRrsk4A&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

87.  Katy Perry - Part Of Me (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuwfgXD8qV8&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

88.  Katy Perry - Teenage Dream (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98WtmW-lfeE&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

89.  Ke$ha - Die Young (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOubzHCUt48&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

90.  Ke$ha - TiK ToK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP6XpLQM2Cs&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

91.  Kelly Clarkson - Miss Independent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dS1ZW0FdoIU&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

92.  Kelly Clarkson - Since U Been Gone (VIDEO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7UrFYvl5TE&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

93.  Kelly Clarkson - Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xn676-fLq7I&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

94.  Kesha - Blow Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXNSwkmoWqs&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

95.  Lady Antebellum - Need You Now.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eM213aMKTHg&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

96.  Lady Gaga   Telephone   Lyrics on screen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTGCsv6WaEY&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

97.  Lady Gaga - Applause (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pco91kroVgQ&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

98.  Lady Gaga - Bad Romance (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrO4YZeyl0I&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

99.  Lady Gaga - Just Dance ft. Colby O'Donis (Official Music Video) ft. Colby O'Donis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Abk1jAONjw&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

100.  Lady Gaga - Poker Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bESGLojNYSo&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

101.  Lady Gaga - The Edge Of Glory (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeWBS0JBNzQ&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

102.  Leona Lewis - Bleeding Love (US Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vzo-EL_62fQ&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

103.  LMFAO - Sexy and I Know It (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyx6JDQCslE&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

104.  LMFAO ft. Lauren Bennett, GoonRock - Party Rock Anthem (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQ6zr6kCPj8&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

105.  MACKLEMORE & RYAN LEWIS - CAN'T HOLD US FEAT. RAY DALTON (OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2zNSgSzhBfM&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

106.  MACKLEMORE & RYAN LEWIS - THRIFT SHOP FEAT. WANZ (OFFICIAL VIDEO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QK8mJJJvaes&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

107.  Maroon 5 - Misery (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6g6g2mvItp4&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

108.  Maroon 5 - Moves Like Jagger ft. Christina Aguilera (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEPTlhBmwRg&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

109.  Maroon 5 - This Love (Closed Captioned).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPpTgCho5ZA&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

110.  Maroon 5 ft. Wiz Khalifa - Payphone Lyrics (Clean Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBuLm5XeF44&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

111.  Miley Cyrus - Party In The U.S.A. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M11SvDtPBhA&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

112.  Miley Cyrus - We Can't Stop (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrUvu1mlWco&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

113.  Miley Cyrus - Wrecking Ball (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=My2FRPA3Gf8&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

114.  Natasha Bedingfield - Pocketful of Sunshine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gte3BoXKwP0&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

115.  Natasha Bedingfield - Unwritten (US Version) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7k0a5hYnSI&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

116.  Ne-Yo - Closer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_aC5xPQ2f4&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

117.  Nelly - Hot In Herre (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeZZr_p6vB8&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

118.  Nelly Furtado - Promiscuous (Official Music Video) ft. Timbaland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J3vgcE5i2o&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

119.  Nelly Furtado - Say It Right (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6JnGBs88sL0&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

120.  Neon Trees - Animal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gM7Hlg75Mlo&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

121.  Nickelback - How You Remind Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cQh1ccqu8M&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

122.  Nicki Minaj - Starships (Clean).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oYp3AQqG1U&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

123.  Nicki Minaj - Super Bass.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JipHEz53sU&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

124.  No Doubt - Hey Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wt1YkGO2Ieo&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

125.  NSYNC - Bye Bye Bye (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo-KmOd3i7s&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

126.  Of Monsters And Men - Little Talks (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghb6eDopW8I&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

127.  One Direction - What Makes You Beautiful (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJO3ROT-A4E&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

128.  OneRepublic - Counting Stars (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hT_nvWreIhg&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

129.  OneRepublic - Good Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZhQOvvV45w&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

130.  Owl City & Carly Rae Jepsen - Good Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7HmzwI67ec&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

131.  Owl City - When Can I See You Again (From Wreck it Ralph) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qM1YMeDsc-M&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

132.  P!nk - Please Don't Leave Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eocCPDxKq1o&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

133.  P!nk - Raise Your Glass (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjVNlG5cZyQ&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

134.  P!nk - So What (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJfFZqTlWrQ&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

135.  P!nk - Try (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yTCDVfMz15M&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

136.  Pink - Perfect (clean version) - lyrics on screen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-BIye98Ryic&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

137.  Pink - Sober.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRNxC26NDzc&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

138.  Pitbull - Feel This Moment ft. Christina Aguilera.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jlI4uzZGjU&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

139.  Pitbull - I Know You Want Me (Calle Ocho) OFFICIAL VIDEO (Ultra Music).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2tMV96xULk&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

140.  Plain White T's - 1, 2, 3, 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6pW_q1PvH0&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

141.  Plain White T's - Hey There Delilah (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_m-BjrxmgI&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

142.  PSY - GANGNAM STYLE(?????) MV.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

143.  Raining Sunshine - Miranda Cosgrove.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZf2tzIjHTE&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

144.  Rascal Flatts - Life Is a Highway (From CarsOfficial Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tXh_MfrMe0&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

145.  Rihanna - Diamonds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWA2pjMjpBs&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

146.  Rihanna - Disturbia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1mU6h4Xdxc&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

147.  Rihanna - Don't Stop The Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yd8jh9QYfEs&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

148.  Rihanna - Only Girl (In The World) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pa14VNsdSYM&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

149.  Rihanna - Rude Boy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e82VE8UtW8A&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

150.  Rihanna - S&M (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdS6HFQ_LUc&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

151.  Rihanna - SOS (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXmF4GbA86E&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

152.  Rihanna - Umbrella (Orange Version) (Official Music Video) ft. JAY-Z.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CvBfHwUxHIk&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

153.  Rihanna - We Found Love ft. Calvin Harris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tg00YEETFzg&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

154.  Rihanna - What's My Name (Official Music Video) ft. Drake.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0CGsw6h60k&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

155.  Sean Kingston - Fire Burning (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkyhvCdJ_vM&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

156.  Shakira - Hips Don't Lie ft. Wyclef Jean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUT5rEU6pqM&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

157.  Snow Patrol - Chasing Cars (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GemKqzILV4w&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

158.  Some Nights- Fun [Lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfThF6cZYo8&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

159.  Swedish House Mafia ft. John Martin - Don't You Worry Child (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1y6smkh6c-0&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

160.  T.I. - Live Your Life ft. Rihanna [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koVHN6eO4Xg&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

161.  Taio Cruz - Break Your Heart (Official Music Video) ft. Ludacris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_SI2EDM6Lo&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

162.  Taio Cruz - Dynamite (UK Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vysgv7qVYTo&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

163.  Taylor Swift - 22.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AgFeZr5ptV8&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

164.  Taylor Swift - I Knew You Were Trouble (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FLhmxjrWxQc&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

165.  Taylor Swift - We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WA4iX5D9Z64&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

166.  Taylor Swift - You Belong With Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VuNIsY6JdUw&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

167.  The All-American Rejects - Gives You Hell (Performance Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6APxbBYnoo&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

168.  The Black Eyed Peas - Boom Boom Pow (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m48GqaOz90&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

169.  The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD4vsh1zDA&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

170.  The Black Eyed Peas - Just Can't Get Enough (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OrTyD7rjBpw&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

171.  The Black Eyed Peas - Pump It (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaI2IlHwmgQ&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

172.  The Black Eyed Peas - Where Is The Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpYeekQkAdc&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

173.  The Fray - How to Save a Life (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cjVQ36NhbMk&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

174.  The Script - Breakeven (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzCLLHscMOw&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

175.  The Wanted - Glad You Came.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ggzxInyzVE&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

176.  Timbaland - Apologize ft. OneRepublic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSM3w1v-A_Y&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

177.  Timbaland - The Way I Are ft. Keri Hilson, D.O.E., Sebastian (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5rLz5AZBIA&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

178.  Train - 50 Ways to Say Goodbye (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GSBFehvLJDc&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

179.  Train - Drive By.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrWI-9GTHKM&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

180.  Train - Drops of Jupiter (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xf-Lesrkuc&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

181.  Train - Hey, Soul Sister (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVpv8-5XWOI&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

182.  Travie McCoy Billionaire ft. Bruno Mars [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8aRor905cCw&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

183.  Usher - DJ Got Us Fallin' In Love (Official Music Video) ft. Pitbull.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-dvTjK_07c&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

184.  Usher - OMG ft. will.i.am.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RnPB76mjxI&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

185.  Usher - Yeah! (Official Video) ft. Lil Jon, Ludacris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxBSyx85Kp8&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

186.  Will I Am ft. Britney Spears - Scream & Shout (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJNEdmTA2S4&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias

187.  Zedd - Clarity ft. Foxes (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IxxstCcJlsc&list=PLrkJ6Xh7TDlt1mNzDRPsx8HFYpChOYias
Late 2000s + Early 2010s Nostalgia Playlist