
1.  11 Times Table Song  Skip Counting the Multiples of 11.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9AxbcO4Kp4&pp=sAQA

2.  3D Shapes Song For Kids  Spheres, Cylinders, Pyramids, Cubes, & Cones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnZYK83utu0&pp=sAQA

3.  3D Shapes Song for Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZ8Jy1xgqPU&pp=sAQA

4.  5 Times Table Song  Skip Counting by 5 Rap For Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZAqhF_2vvs&pp=sAQA

5.  6 Times Table Song  Skip Counting by 6  Multiplication Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aivn0Lh4M9E&pp=sAQA

6.  6 Times Tables Song For Kids  Skip Counting by 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLe80xTCRWg&pp=sAQA

7.  7 Times Table Song  Skip Counting by 7 Song with Multiplication.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdF_vFAxwas&pp=sAQA

8.  7 Times Table Song Rap Skip Counting by 7  Multiplication Song by NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwekMIqb55s&pp=sAQA

9.  8 Times Table Song  Skip Counting by 8 Multiplication Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdqAA9Ky2DY&pp=sAQA

10.  8 Times Tables Song  Skip Counting by 8 With Multiplication.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSnNkgMbtfs&pp=sAQA

11.  9 Times Table Song Rap  Multiples of Nine by NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmRr86Y188w&pp=sAQA

12.  9 Times Tables Song  Skip Counting by 9 With Multiplication.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=154VoUQbgvc&pp=sAQA

13.  9 Times Tables Song For Kids  Skip Counting by 9.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jSYGuL6SWb4&pp=sAQA

14.  Adding & Subtracting Decimals Song  4th & 5th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-OcbG1FlBQ&pp=sAQA

15.  Adding & Subtracting Fractions Song LIKE and UNLIKE Denominators.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LR2S0TOJimc&pp=sAQA

16.  Addition with Regrouping Song  2-Digit Addition For Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hz0fAQV0ac&pp=sAQA

17.  Addition with Regrouping Song  3-Digit Addition  3rd-4th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cE-yrJv4TEs&pp=sAQA

18.  Angles Song  Acute, Obtuse, & Right Angles  3rd & 4th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVuMULQjb3o&pp=sAQA

19.  Aprender Os Números Em Português Canção  Portuguese Numbers 1-100 Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Dj1VSJuvyw&pp=sAQA

20.  Arabic Numbers 1 to 100 Song For Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HmpDA8gm4uA&pp=sAQA

21.  Area and Perimeter Song For Kids  3rd - 4th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tpy09HOkHyI&pp=sAQA

22.  Area Model Multiplication Song  Multiplying with Partial Products.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WYJsQo7ZTC4&pp=sAQA

23.  Bar Graphs & Picture Graphs Song  2nd Grade - 3rd Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yZJR2MzkBrU&pp=sAQA

24.  Capacity Song  Customary Units of Liquid Measurement Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMmI9PoTE8E&pp=sAQA

25.  Chinese Numbers 1 to 100 Song For Kids  ???? 1 ? 100  ???? - Mandarin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RNFE4690fk&pp=sAQA

26.  Christmas Around the World Song  Christmas Traditions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtMN2XuSc7M&pp=sAQA

27.  Comparing Decimals  Less Than and Greater Than Decimals  Grades 4-6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RHUl4kZDD6c&pp=sAQA

28.  Comparing Numbers to 100 Song  Kindergarten - 1st Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhOf0H_gLP8&pp=sAQA

29.  Converting Decimals to Percents Song  4th - 6th Grade .ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vJUSpP74Zo&pp=sAQA

30.  Converting Fractions to Decimals Song by NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WV5VY76Pf5U&pp=sAQA

31.  Coordinate Plane and Ordered Pairs Song  1st Quadrant.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6vhjpnfd3c&pp=sAQA

32.  Coordinate Plane Song ? Plotting Points on all 4 Quadrants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1O12C9EcdFo&pp=sAQA

33.  Counting Coins Song for Kids  Learning About Money Song For Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbtmucV-U2c&pp=sAQA

34.  Counting to 10 in Chinese Song for Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMCn3JA57HQ&pp=sAQA

35.  Counting to 10 in English Song For Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NVmBwg9f8k&pp=sAQA

36.  Counting to 10 in French For Kids Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEdynCG4XWU&pp=sAQA

37.  Counting to 10 in Spanish For Kids Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5-awaDiEJc&pp=sAQA

38.  Counting to 100 in 6 Languages.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgiqzAuGaLs&pp=sAQA

39.  Counting to 100 in Spanish Song  Contando Hasta 100 en Español.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwnjyAC9uc8&pp=sAQA

40.  Counting to 100 Song For Kids  Kindergarten - 1st Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZSTL39XmdA&pp=sAQA

41.  Decimal Notation Song  Relating Fractions and Decimals for 4th Grade by NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6qFgzv3ICU&pp=sAQA

42.  Decimal Place Value Song  Tenths and Hundredths  5th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fxCXHQBUidU&pp=sAQA

43.  Dividing Fractions by Whole Numbers Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRMKPzuotFs&pp=sAQA

44.  Dividing Fractions with KEEP, CHANGE, FLIP  Fractions Rap Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMZJKGyu-Kk&pp=sAQA

45.  Dividing Whole Numbers by Fractions Song by NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=povqzkcV5mU&pp=sAQA

46.  Division Song For Kids  Division as Repeated Subtraction  3rd Grade - 4th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oF2fITujB4c&pp=sAQA

47.  Earth Day Song  Reduce, Reuse, Recycle  The 3 R's of Recycling.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtyBzFV9yTs&pp=sAQA

48.  Equal Groups Multiplication Song  Repeated Addition Using Arrays.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzFbUZ8VjEg&pp=sAQA

49.  Equivalent Fractions Song For Kids  3rd Grade - 4th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vKXqzpz-G0s&pp=sAQA

50.  Even and Odd Numbers Song for Kids  Odds and Evens for Grades 2 & 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kHtGbnYKGc&pp=sAQA

51.  Fractions on a Line Plot Song  4th Grade & 5th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnjp6r7IMns&pp=sAQA

52.  Fractions on a Number Line Song  3rd Grade & 4th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZaXtOHNh6s&pp=sAQA

53.  Fractions Song For Kids  2nd Grade - 3rd Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTce7f6KGE0&pp=sAQA

54.  Fractions Songs For Kids 3rd Grade, 4th Grade & 5th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D3Va4gt1bPY&pp=sAQA

55.  French Numbers Song 1-100  Nombres en Français Chanson Compter jusqu'à 100.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmCize5EwbU&pp=sAQA

56.  Geometry Lines & Angles Songs For Kids  3rd Grade - 5th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJJiF-dVYTc&pp=sAQA

57.  Greater Than Less Than Song for Kids  Comparing Numbers by Place Value.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qisu9NF1_0&pp=sAQA

58.  Growth Mindset Song For Students.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0roRXBlEuRs&pp=sAQA

59.  Halloween Night Song  It's Halloween NIght.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K7aWb3mBDPY&pp=sAQA

60.  Hindi Ginti 1 to 10 Song For Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdrBysK1koE&pp=sAQA

61.  Inches, Feet and Yards Song  Measurement Song  Customary Units.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9sYvDCnI0g&pp=sAQA

62.  Input Output Tables Song  4th Grade  Finding the Rule of A Function.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1COIcRoSgo&pp=sAQA

63.  Integers Song With Introduction to Absolute Value.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u69pYSdwugo&pp=sAQA

64.  Line Plots Song for 2nd Grade  Creating Line Plots for Kids by NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VS1fLbeuRkU&pp=sAQA

65.  Line Plots with Fractions Song  4th Grade & 5th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8ZX1uROWzo&pp=sAQA

66.  Long Division Song  1-DIgit Divisors  3rd Grade & 4th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvQelzRQe7k&pp=sAQA

67.  Long Division With 2 Digit Divisors Song (Decimals & Remainders).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QXMwftxx98&pp=sAQA

68.  Long Division with Remainders Song  1 Digit Divisors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcGB39f66RY&pp=sAQA

69.  Long Division With Remainders Song Silly Remix.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0SXjnwEQcU&pp=sAQA

70.  Long Multiplication Song  Multi-Digit Multiplication.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dYXfZZsbzc&pp=sAQA

71.  Longer or Shorter Song  Comparing Measurements  Kindergarten to 2nd Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_97AO2SkGU&pp=sAQA

72.  Martin Luther King Jr. For Kids  Song & Rap.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAUvvAbzkUk&pp=sAQA

73.  Measurement Songs For Kids  3rd Grade - 4th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZhYy8T9IG4&pp=sAQA

74.  Metric System Conversions Song  Measurement by NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djTNUp4XIRo&pp=sAQA

75.  Metric System For Kids Explained Through Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6vca9PnlyI&pp=sAQA

76.  Months of the Year Song  Rap for Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZD_BhtiXuU&pp=sAQA

77.  Months of the Year Song for Kids  Kindergarten & Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qULfup9kBz8&pp=sAQA

78.  Multiplying Decimals Song  How to Multiply Decimals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHg4RVqQ12E&pp=sAQA

79.  Multiplying Fractions Song  Math Rap Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CcDGRLosAf0&pp=sAQA

80.  Multiplying Fractions with Whole Numbers Song by NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NnyzzkIVNSQ&pp=sAQA

81.  Multiplying Mixed Numbers Song for 5th Grade  Mixed Number Multiplication by NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQJuF5okZsI&pp=sAQA

82.  Number Lines Song  Adding and Subtracting on a Number Line by NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pjvd7KziiVo&pp=sAQA

83.  Number Sentences Song by NUMBEROCK  How to Write a Number Sentence for 1st Grade and 2nd Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-iAQI5k-8cQ&pp=sAQA

84.  Order of Operations Song  PEMDAS Rap for 5th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzeDWFhYv3E&pp=sAQA

85.  Ordering Decimals Song  Comparing Decimals  5th Grade & Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68TBZRfaKnA&pp=sAQA

86.  Ounces , Pounds, & Tons Song ? Customary Units of Measurement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoifk5jDDHY&pp=sAQA

87.  Parallel, Perpendicular & Intersecting Lines Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3AOoLbA3us&pp=sAQA

88.  Place Value Song For Kids  Ones, Tens, & Hundreds  1st - 3rd Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4FXl4zb3E4&pp=sAQA

89.  Polygons Song For Kids  A Geometry Rap  3rd, 4th, & 5th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zI3rUMrRLF8&pp=sAQA

90.  Powers of 10 and Exponents Song  a 5th Grade Math Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0Z3QMKI5Gg&pp=sAQA

91.  Prime Numbers Song Prime, Composite and Square.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qAc22WxsWA&pp=sAQA

92.  Quadrilaterals Song  Types of Quadrilaterals  Classifying Quadrilaterals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMkY_uIku9Q&pp=sAQA

93.  Rounding Decimals Song  Rounding Decimals Rap Music VIdeo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdq2ckDsSbA&pp=sAQA

94.  Rounding Numbers Song  3rd Grade - 4th Grade  Rounding to the Nearest Ten & Hundred.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNfz-JU2cKE&pp=sAQA

95.  Simplest Form Song Simplifying Fractions by NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-1KjlJAA6M&pp=sAQA

96.  Skip Count by 10 Song For Kids  1st Grade - 2nd Grade Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kwIccQGcr0&pp=sAQA

97.  Skip Counting by 10 Song for Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSdjzFl9H6k&pp=sAQA

98.  Skip Counting by 100 Song for Kids  1st Grade - 2nd Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCGuWSW4r40&pp=sAQA

99.  Skip Counting by 2 Song  For 1st Grade & 2nd Grade Teachers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RHvIUry_uc&pp=sAQA

100.  Skip Counting by 2 Song for Kids  Multiples of 2 Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkAzZoqCJ4E&pp=sAQA

101.  Skip Counting By 3 Song  The 3 Times Tables Song For Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70aG99v704k&pp=sAQA

102.  Skip Counting by 4 Rap Song  Dance the 4 Times Tables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJY1_fzzM6Y&pp=sAQA

103.  Skip Counting by 5 Song  Multiples of 5 by NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAuybAJdRbg&pp=sAQA

104.  Skip Counting by 5 Song For Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZvincYg0pHo&pp=sAQA

105.  Skip Counting by 6 Rap Song  Dance the 6 Times Tables.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlNaIPnOZoY&pp=sAQA

106.  Subtraction With Regrouping Song  Subtraction Rap for Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nku3jVLbPBw&pp=sAQA

107.  Symmetry Song for Kids  A Day at Symmetry Land  Lines of Symmetry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJlhywRfvh8&pp=sAQA

108.  Telling Time Song for Kids  Telling Time to 5 Minutes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6RNkQ7lU8Y&pp=sAQA

109.  Telling Time Song For Kids (AM & PM).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zaOc-4TA4lk&pp=sAQA

110.  Telling Time to the Half Hour and Hour Song  1st Grade & 2nd Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaVgBjVh4b8&pp=sAQA

111.  Test Prep Song Math Test Taking Skills for SBAC, PARCC & STAAR Tests.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrBAV43Swtw&pp=sAQA

112.  Thanksgiving Song for Kids  The First Thanksgiving Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqkfTbp2yQs&pp=sAQA

113.  The 12 Times Table Song  Skip Counting by 12 for Kids.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PABb8HhmteM&pp=sAQA

114.  The Properties of Multiplication Song  3rd Grade - 4th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oq3OUYyPaCQ&pp=sAQA

115.  Times Tables Songs For Kids  6, 7, 8 & 9  Fun Multiplication Songs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deVYbxmDCvU&pp=sAQA

116.  Transformations Song  Flip & Reflection, Slide & Translation, Turn & Rotation  By NUMBEROCK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOLO6F7twS0&pp=sAQA

117.  Triangle Song  Types of Triangles Song  Classifying Triangles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQUTVgT9RXY&pp=sAQA

118.  Types of Numbers Song  Showing Numbers in Different Ways  Pre-K - Kindergarten.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twqFHfIjPP4&pp=sAQA

119.  US Presidents Song For Kids  All the Presidents of the United States of America in Order.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0JlhiwNpui0&pp=sAQA

120.  Valentines Day Song For Kids  The Perfect Valentine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0bKtqc5NBE&pp=sAQA

121.  Volume Song  Measuring Volume For Kids  4th Grade - 5th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZxXUb9iAZc&pp=sAQA

122.  Writing and Interpreting Numerical Expressions Song for 5th Grade.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCSD8AQS27g&pp=sAQA
Math Songs by NUMBEROCK