
400 Subscriber Q&A
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCfsuiVAfeE

All About Bathing Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hyGbLmPfUE

All about My Rat Cage  Double Critter Nation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QG6HWbcYADQ

All About NeuteringCastrating Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vs68W8ulWW0

All Living Things Luxury Rat Pet Home Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwXIvd0ujEI

Baby Ratties!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cWD6dLeSA20

Bass Equipment CritterFerret Nation Cage Pan Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwibJ0oSbQQ

Best and Worst Bedding for Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msMv-FrFi1k

Borzoi and Pet Rat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjvBBSfOsWE

Caring for Elderly Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJok1bGvMlk

Carolina Storm Wheel review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_mhAq4vpBc

Chinchilla Cage Tour (Double Ferret Nation)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCOAya-337A

Chinchilla Cage Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVzAu_A0f8U

Chinchilla Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14UYazpRPF0

Chinchilla Leg Amputation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C04_FtLAHLo

Chinchilla Supply Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcOuYr7lQn0

ChinchillaRat Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tySpYohPfmw

Cleaning my Rat cage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0r_Zq8D-yZQ

Cleaning Products for rat cage cleaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2Gj0RLfFZo

Critter Nation Rat Cage Tour 413
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KHsjaJVoAo

Critter Nation Rat cage tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5XcAN6i6fk

Danger of using Towels as bedding for Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TqnFch2nYLs

Dealing with Overweight Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3TjmEj5vWw

Deep Cleaning my Rat Cage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqgzO8Imtwo

Differences in owning Mice vs Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCQiicdyapU

Different Rat Varieties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2P-iw7cVVBo

Emergency Evacuation Plan for Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYt1RNCjTqc

FAQ-RatGirl44
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRDy883V40A

Fat Rat Snack Box review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3opSgSyPL4

Feeding Pet Rat insects
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Awqc3D1LtAQ

Feeding rats fresh foods
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZY-IJXbcinE

Fuzz Butt Cage Comfort Review and an Cute update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8OXHk1wMZs

Giveaway Winner and New Pet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ci-vPtu8zpw

Halloween Cage Tour 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mbom-Afzgpo

Hammock Review Chelsey's Cozies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1fT5MSGirs

HammockCage Liner Review Dexter's Creature Comforts
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Uiug3nYurc

Happy New Year
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dL6nm2MzxAs

Hedgehog Cage Tour Oct 2013
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LLkbWR-9ouA

Hedgehog Heat Set Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDJtyvR4ZOo

How I Use a Hospital Cage for Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEOn-Hq978Y

How to bathe a hedgehog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7OfeCDt80g

How to build a C&C Cage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EOc_s9XWVRo

How to give you’re  Pet Rat Medication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voJ477TorB0

How to Introduce Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMFTC5_fTGE

How to Litter Train Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeZdYeBTwCY

How to make a Bin Cage (Rat, Hamster, Mice, Gerbil)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XSQuvjetIyU

How to make a Rat Hammock (Double Decker)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuMcJ-WRuWI

How to make a Rat Hammock (hole hide)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WixvxpQnL8s

How to make a rat hammock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ytkk3_8gUg

How to make Rat Treats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8i4BgFLR8mw

How to make RatChinchilla cage ledges
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU5bq7XrLio

How to Quarantine Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXqarS0Vv0E

How to Tame Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95OZAWATeXY

How to treat your Pet Rat for Lice and Mites
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_LoQMzEJw28

How to Trim Rats Nails
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkqpyNEzt3k

How to use fleece for Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QhfxT6UD64

HowWhy to weigh pet rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4VoMWq9LB4

I'm back with many updates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-m2S5smq_Bg

Its a Hamster!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSHC3dZS9rQ

Keeping Rats cool during hot weather
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efUFahW5qzQ

Living World Teach n Treat Toy review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=23XzpqB_b0A

Malocclusion in Chinchillas (dental disease)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3XxpwzlLkQ

Mammary Gland Tumors in Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fv9BW3hQFXc

Meet Ingrid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cf1f9KWcBT8

Meet my Rats  Kazimir
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7_L5WvRdTw

Meet my Rats (1256310)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9magqAK6bY

Meet my Rats Durian
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oL6jOKl00Pw

Meet my Rats Kintyre
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xk8ZUjKkA2Q

Meet my Rats Kiwi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGe7UU_5yw8

Meet My Rats Skye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPepbca2KfE

Meet my Rats Uno
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx3xmf5eoic

Meet my Rats Xara
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihv9ZYyimz8

Meet my Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CofFqeM2Xec

Mini rat supply haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BVmQjaiIDvA

My Chinchilla's Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFI3dIB4geE

My Hedgehogs Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=on-otG_OPec

My Pet Rats Diet Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sBPOiqtsDx4

My Pet Rats Diet Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uqg2k1ptdSk

My Rats Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhfWjMoFEjw

My Take on Rat Bite Fever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BNWFBWXOVk

New Baby Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ohqX8y23oo

New pet Giveaway! CLOSED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2f5qquoJvP4

New Rat Addition!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eV_RJM9Jw98

October Hedgehog Cage Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4odUHv5MOA

October Rat cage Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9XRszQBE0o

Pat Hammock Review Ty's Rat Shack
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OnPq-1uyBk

Pet Expo 2015 ft The Squeaky Wheel Rattery and Rescue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfZzQtirUgc

Pet Hammock Review EsdrasEspino
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imi2KjDzPCI

Pet Rat First Aid and Medications the holistic way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ommfzr6kpAU

Pet Rat Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWAmBlDqCmA

Pet Rat Supply Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UvDRdtZ_YIU

Pet Room Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExSmSQzy1Lk

Pituitary Gland Tumors  in Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oebzOtAsNBY

Prevue Hendryx Earthtone Dusted Rose Rat & Chinchilla Cage Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYk8lisFN38

Q & A Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RTabaHHnjQ

Q&A-RatGirl44 Tail Injuries, Keeping rats alone and Why rats are so hated
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiDlEy3vq34

Q&A-RatGirl44
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcVRDJ8lksU

Random Chat & Questions For You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H0TriWLLUDA

Rat and Chinchilla Haul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32yAUEKZGLs

Rat at play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNNFON6jRzA

Rat Attack Team Hammock Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8l5TNQGugA

Rat bruxing and eye boggling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoZTroXGL3E

Rat Cage Tour (1840629)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKkFNGpwUr4

Rat Cage Tour (1850381)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yp1Q4HU9hU8

Rat Cage Tour Spring 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y66fmAvRBms

Rat Cage Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxUsNxCiJLo

Rat Care Daily Routine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYU7jnoalpg

Rat Foster Babies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHPjrO1rN1Q

Rat Holiday Cage Tour and Q&A Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEZv8AUNhww

Rat Mush Review Adorkable Designs Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOnL72oqYBI

Rat Room Organization
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOFDytOzjhg

Rat Room Tour
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZ__2T4y6xs

RatPak Monthy Subscription Unboxing-March Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIVaE1krmdI

Rats chasing cats!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85zRThzOeew

Rats love eggs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rRZe4PrYR4

Rats playing in packing peanuts FAIL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I2taeHCF46w

Rats trying new food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9-ZPOf97Dk

Rats with Hind Leg Degeneration or HED
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nfh0O1M8l4

Rats with Wheel Tail (curved tail)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5nRr8PGC5bc

Review on Double Critter Nation rat cage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctBkjRfBLlw

RIP Amber
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t87EIvgP3ng

RIP Mishka and Mila
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLWIOFCQ9Pg

RIP Sookie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3oNYwZdLXU

Series 11 - Recipe for Rat Eye Wash
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9S3Rbww4NOw

Series 12 - Recipe for Rat diarrhea treatment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WzrrXy_QWiY

Series 13 Recipe for Rat Constipation Treatment
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZcXeor16VY

Series 15-Recipe for Rats Porridge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjfyrpWuaiE

Series 16 High Calorie Bean Shake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fGv43Gwd9oI

Silent Spinner Wheel Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiF4LprF9MA

Sphynx dreaming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHNQLwHruwA

Super Pet Glass water bottle review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tv9iyFGThZc

Supplementing Protein for rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olT4xdM_T68

The Cost of Owning Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWjvu8cAtwU

Update Bye Bye Isla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TGq1gxxwKHg

Updates and a little Chit Chat!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AENkxPlAAFA

Updates I have gone baby crazy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sElHki2Dk94

Updates New Rat And  a Chinchilla Emergency
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u700VKg_-98

Updates RatGirl44
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jA0ZkcVZbUQ

What pet rats should NOT eat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JO-eoMWXgV8

When rats do not get along...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYGGKsixti0

Where to Buy Pet Rats
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bL40OjYYWmM

Why I will not be posting videos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nv4LHJ_2Yzg

Why rats can NOT be kept alone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDSdng-EpRU
RatGirl44 - Videos