
1.  BONDI HIPSTERS - Dom's Audition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GQ-mANRk7EY&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=15

2.  BONDI HIPSTERS - Free Wifi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xewn6yinI-Y&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=23

3.  BONDI HIPSTERS - Functional Menswear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gmd5nAggeg&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=6

4.  BONDI HIPSTERS - Going to Vipassanã.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CPIa0-M0tI&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=24

5.  BONDI HIPSTERS - Inside the Yogi's Mind.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEaO8D_qxVM&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=11

6.  BONDI HIPSTERS - New 2015 Fashion Trends.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xDXjlFdyD8&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=13

7.  BONDI HIPSTERS - Next Level Normcore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vlg9l9CqnM&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=9

8.  BONDI HIPSTERS - on Brazilian Dudes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-2VUZiUPtY&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=3

9.  BONDI HIPSTERS - on Dove Real Beauty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tANHXs5R0Aw&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=21

10.  BONDI HIPSTERS - on News Media.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGsF8VS31ig&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=18

11.  BONDI HIPSTERS - on Partying with Celebrities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUfwoRth5u4&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=19

12.  BONDI HIPSTERS - On Veganism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_rLGt1sb3Q&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=20

13.  BONDI HIPSTERS - on White Privilege.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1At6v6OZ7SQ&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=22

14.  BONDI HIPSTERS - One Night's Rent.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bBhJj_tr6tU&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=8

15.  BONDI HIPSTERS - Professional Party DJs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebc9eXn8U50&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=2

16.  BONDI HIPSTERS - Taking Ayahuasca.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ZfGR5K-uig&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=16

17.  BONDI HIPSTERS - The 2016 US Election.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLm9CzyXD1c&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=7&t=113s

18.  BONDI HIPSTERS - The Flat Earth Conspiracy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UA46NuoSN98&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=5

19.  BONDI HIPSTERS - Yoga Farts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSvVkHrhjzY&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=12

20.  BONDI HIPSTERS - Yoga Oms and The Ego.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlAV4niE-wQ&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=10

21.  Fox News be like....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K33OSzcJGt8&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=14

22.  Kuntfunder - Crowdfunding Campaign Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCZ1iJ1n5D4&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=1

23.  People with office jobs be like....ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4dVaqghXfc&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=17

24.  PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFG1vcO-uxo&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=4

25.  THE PIPI DANCE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIsPgKBYnlc&list=PLhsrKM_Qbo2bG1nHapDiROwe2VsTLWhPJ&index=25
Bondi Hipsters