
Announcement Your Daily Equation with Brian Greene April 28
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sa56ZjwByNE&list=

Announcement Your Daily Equation with Brian Greene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_x97MUHd_o&list=

Your Daily Equation  Live Q&A with Brian Greene (1156888)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx0MWZvuacY&list=

Your Daily Equation  Live Q&A with Brian Greene (1165614)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gAcHKraVWE&list=

Your Daily Equation  Live Q&A with Brian Greene (1514576)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79wfSWoLcm4&list=

Your Daily Equation  Live Q&A with Brian Greene (1522688)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2szWY9xSzU&list=

Your Daily Equation  Live Q&A with Brian Greene (1691676)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGDNzW59E3M&list=

Your Daily Equation  Live Q&A with Brian Greene (1706857)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZI7wK7Sl9bI&list=

Your Daily Equation  Live Q&A with Brian Greene (1709482)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rlpIokH0cc&list=

Your Daily Equation  Live Q&A with Brian Greene (1837480)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0p5SzJk8PXw&list=

Your Daily Equation  Live Q&A with Brian Greene (1860579)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VW0wHpEFyY&list=

Your Daily Equation  Live Q&A with Brian Greene
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T44nS6xJ1Fc&list=

Your Daily Equation #1 E = mc2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G_NlwfA8x0o&list=

Your Daily Equation #10 Quantum Physics and Probability
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUQI0QlYcBI&list=

Your Daily Equation #11 Euler's Identity or The Most Beautiful of all Equations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANOH8KX-NuE&list=

Your Daily Equation #12 The Schrödinger Equation--the Core of Quantum Mechanics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P__dEWo_WiI&list=

Your Daily Equation #13 Generalized Schrödinger Equation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UeJm0dYmsiU&list=

Your Daily Equation #14 Quantum Entanglement or Einstein's Spooky Action
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeGBlGuPZ8Q&list=

Your Daily Equation #15 The Planck Length - Why String Theory is Hard to Test
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MRGJwdeie0&list=

Your Daily Equation #16 Fourier Series -- The atoms of Math
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGjiBxqAdug&list=

Your Daily Equation #17 Planetary Orbits Kepler, Newton, and Gravity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7o6rbF3tY_4&list=

Your Daily Equation #18 Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle Math not Meth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAtH4VwuFcc&list=

Your Daily Equation #19  At the Core of Fundamental Physics The Principle of Least Action
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7WwoRIk1D0&list=

Your Daily Equation #2 Time Dilation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnVq6gmatHU&list=

Your Daily Equation #20 1,000,000,001 - 1,000,000,000 = 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O213dAdh8Uc&list=

Your Daily Equation #21 Bell's Theorem and the Non-locality of the Universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UZiwtfrisTQ&list=

Your Daily Equation #22 8 - 2 ÷ 2 x 3 + 4 = 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8lKDa8cVF0&list=

Your Daily Equation #23 Deriving Classical from Quantum Physics Ehrenfest's Theorem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WschNb0cUfE&list=

Your Daily Equation #25 Noether's Amazing Theorem Symmetry and Conservation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7Q5mQA_74o&list=

Your Daily Equation #26 Einstein's General Theory of Relativity The Essential Idea
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cO8Qq-fthQ&list=

Your Daily Equation #27 Curvature and Parallel Motion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2qP0TD2rjX0&list=

Your Daily Equation #28 Einstein, The Big Bang, and the Expansion of the Universe
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ux8ZSxcaT4&list=

Your Daily Equation #29 Repulsive Gravity, Dark Energy, and Accelerated Expansion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrghLYc_QXI&list=

Your Daily Equation #3 Lorentz Contraction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=On35HsNSx5k&list=

Your Daily Equation #30 What Sparked the Big Bang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QkT7evF2-E&list=

Your Daily Equation #31 BLACK HOLES And Why Time Slows Down When You Are Near One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qph51qUgwgU&list=

Your Daily Equation #32 Entropy and the Arrow of Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4iU76Qj2mU&list=

Your Daily Equation #4 Relativity of Simultaneity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=558zAduRYMk&list=

Your Daily Equation #5 1=.9999...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GwSxahtyKk&list=

Your Daily Equation #7 Relativistic Velocity Combination
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MU66UzLfMGQ&list=

Your Daily Equation #8 Photoelectric Effect Einstein's Nobel Prize Discovery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kS4ECdzONfE&list=

Your Daily Equation #9 De Broglie Wavelength
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xspKG4zU2W4&list=

Your Daily Equation Update May 14
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOMScwRVFmE&list=

Your Daily Equation#6 Relativistic Mass
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezU-zfjm7ew&list=
Your Daily Equation with Brian Greene