
1.  Annoying Gamers!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGwermHQwkU&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

2.  Asian Boy - Yank Dat Cameltoe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bh6xpck4OSQ&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

3.  BgA - Dong Saya Dae (????) [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beZFLT0Ixag&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

4.  BgA - Who's It Gonna Be (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gw6WIU5AF7k&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

5.  Bromance (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJVt8kUAm9Q&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

6.  Christmas Swag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNMjx6tnJbQ&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

7.  Clenching My Booty.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oShoh8O0Ty8&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

8.  Coffee Shop Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QzofwqELao&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

9.  Dear Ryan - Army of Lamps!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMrXY7sKG-I&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

10.  Dear Ryan - What Does The Fox Say.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn2sO2cBK50&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

11.  EBOLO!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AzrDFykzvZM&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

12.  EXPOSED (Official Music Video) DISS TRACK definitely clickbait.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZkXYPyLYz4&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

13.  Farewell Naruto! (Teehee Time).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yt-kSYLtRLM&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

14.  Google Glass Human.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxF4jqOevVg&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

15.  GTFO My Room! (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAm-JD-EXL4&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

16.  Handshake Song Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Yhmu34yUqM&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

17.  I Hate People Who Judge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0QisMCADfo&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

18.  I'm Hardcore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSQf4TF_8ZI&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

19.  If Horror Movies Weren't Scary!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mn7w_n7_Kp4&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

20.  Ignored (Clash of Clans Song).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXStxYMCvFU&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

21.  Immature Guys!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2PtjWEUdKw&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

22.  Immature.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6_q1ArlreYk&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

23.  Lana Libs ft. Ryan Higa and Sean Fujiyoshi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGxDpg9cgcY&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

24.  Laxative Smoothie! (Sean's Room).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EWpSn-f0HuE&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

25.  Like a Good Boy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Okc1-yow-Uc&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

26.  Millennial Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUendT_dGks&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

27.  Nice Guys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfeys7Jfnx8&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

28.  Nigahiga & JennaMarbles Fan Fiction! (Teehee Time).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEpGYbAFGoM&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

29.  Ninja Melk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIz3cb_igD4&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

30.  Ninja Skills! (Teehee Time).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVLj3hQqTlc&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

31.  Prebeardy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YRSi47hQ2tg&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

32.  Rap God (Dear Ryan).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KDVPnlkwp40&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

33.  Reacting to Old Videos! (Sean's Room).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk6mpwT_D7k&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

34.  Regina Stunt Fail!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4w7qqrT9Uk&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

35.  S.W.G. (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SC68ll23KeQ&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

36.  Shed a Tear.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dDWcmXXqcAo&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

37.  Spicy Gummy Bears! (Teehee Time).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lu74WUgNeBo&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

38.  The Ninja Glare.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xeje_pp_NyA&list=PLgvOQeOvRdPBG7hk8jejT-CLhB3qvyfcL

39.  The Ultimate Handshake!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0C5o9CwHsLo&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e

40.  Top Three Favorite Video Games! (BTS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgBFLJJKoDc&list=PLj54aeZuA7zUCgF2WoyCelamTUDKtJb-e
Ryan Higa