
1.  LITERAL Assassin's Creed Brotherhood Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKrtbUinWOU&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

2.  LITERAL Assassin's Creed Revelations TRAILER LIVE.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUaoEyOlcwc&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

3.  LITERAL Assassin's Creed Revelations Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJjJY5YpKRI&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

4.  LITERAL Assassin's Creed Revelations TV Spot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyzIK5MFA94&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

5.  LITERAL BioShock Infinite Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSCswCg-9gk&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

6.  LITERAL Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-wEgcKbaO0&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

7.  LITERAL Clash of the Titans Trailer Parody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-WuYCB-Xv38&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

8.  LITERAL Crysis 2 Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PbpKa3rWK0&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

9.  LITERAL Darksiders 2 Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocdrQGTdllY&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

10.  LITERAL Dead Island Announcement Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQ5c9BzohM4&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

11.  LITERAL Dead Space 2 Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjcBINH4HL4&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

12.  LITERAL Halo Reach Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mADhOt6qRlk&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

13.  LITERAL Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Trailer Parody HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MahTKZDHXaA&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

14.  LITERAL Hitman Absolution Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z49zvR1XZ2M&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

15.  LITERAL Legend of Zelda Skyward Sword Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWu6YeRg2N4&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

16.  LITERAL Mass Effect 3 Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lpj3dy9ALQ0&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

17.  LITERAL My Soul To Take Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dg-Pa_A8FF4&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

18.  LITERAL Pirates of the Caribbean On Stranger Tides Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NefJFHL0dmY&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

19.  LITERAL Prototype 2 Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rss9T7lu27k&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

20.  LITERAL Resident Evil Afterlife Trailer Parody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1tRU1fsU_Y&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

21.  LITERAL Shark Night 3D TRAILER.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2W32cOTgo8&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

22.  LITERAL Skyline Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNX2yyt7Ut0&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

23.  LITERAL Skyrim Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RMKJ9fDM2mo&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

24.  LITERAL The Hobbit Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86bznYoj9e0&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

25.  Literal Trailers - RAGE Literal Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uf4qqgZreok&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

26.  LITERAL Tron Legacy Trailer Parody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCmeQaXuFig&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

27.  LITERAL Twilight Eclipse Trailer Parody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UJK7n_wcSsM&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

28.  LITERAL Warrior's Way Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_n-Ps19p_OM&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe

29.  LITERAL World of Warcraft Cataclysm Cinematic Trailer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TS8pFJKUjfg&list=PLnp5nF7cS_yrdo_yelMAKAkOOEX5qrkQe
Tobuscus - Literal Playlist