
10 How To's That Will Blow Your Mind!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7Lrwe6wwig&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

5 Steps To Be Badass!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTENT9gQxCE&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Best Super Bowl Commercial!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0PfjfXMv58&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Candy Crush The Movie (Official Fake Trailer)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4Qv26IWyGU&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Censorship Makes No Sense!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeFZUFX95kE&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

ChildrensBOP!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UA_CfxSxEEE&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Daily Life of NinjaHinja
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uqSbE_5FiY&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Dear Ryan - What Does The Fox Say
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn2sO2cBK50&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Dude vs. Wild - The Desert
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4BAWIhTU5s8&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Expectations vs Reality Romance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvAJt3VM0uk&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Famous Lazy People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B958zcq43ZI&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

First World Problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vN2WzQzxuoA&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Fruit Ninja FAIL
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QqLtDa8a7I&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Google Glass Human
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxF4jqOevVg&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Hard And Black Realistic But Not Real Gun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=477q4Gn53tI&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Honest Commercials
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JeoBUUgh6BA&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Hook on Fonik
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtJDy3WuUQM&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

How Not To...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg8FAoFa0gU&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

How to be a Youtube Celebrity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWENaab1-UI&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

How To Get Girls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YObErEMpBc&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

How To Sing Like Your Favorite Artists
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJVpL6L7Zeo&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

How To Survive A Horror Movie!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAXIxlVjuA8&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Lazy Halloween Costume Ideas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yu7nmRITpaM&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Love Literally (1599556)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zouGFPlbtkk&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Love Literally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zouGFPlbtkk&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Milking!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BY-ot74cpZQ&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Most Annoying People On The Internet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tkm5K2fu0AI&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Movies In Minutes - Avengerz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdRiSjbpZjQ&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

P90Flex
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfVJXSyPkd4&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Peg Pants!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m1hAfpOzbU&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Rant on Asian Dramas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1oV_MzzNSk&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Ryan Higa for President!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hgJOzmXtWw&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

SAVE THE TWINKIES!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEo8BZ7pY4w&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Skitzo - Introductions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUe6aOnSJBE&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Skitzo - Nose Scar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LMcWJUUcuq8&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

The Big Bouncing Inflatable Green Ball
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fDBl1wT2Lk&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

The iNavigator
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGU0kRRWy_w&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

The Kendama Toy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiuQX8JphSw&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

The Next Viral Youtube Trend!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D0ZUDvoJFzY&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

The PARANORMAL Writers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mzutgP5l0E&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

The Ryan Higa Show - Sean Fujiyoshi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FVlTmo4d60&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

The ShamWOOHOO!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab5IwgcJRiE&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

The Snuggo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngKt1CI-r7Y&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

The Truth About Miley Cyrus!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6X3qkWoXv8&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

The Worst Boyfriend Ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTnG4OFaFYc&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Things That Ruin Thanksgiving
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amhvFQeDyGY&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Why Chris Brown Beat Rihanna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MIhshI34RSc&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9

Why Selena Broke Up With Justin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMyKNFqRyQk&list=PLDknVs5syKvZQEErmCAcZ_zciSa5Pfpi9
Nigahiga Skits