
1.  11 SIGNS of a SPIRITUAL AWAKENING.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOw239i0F_k

2.  14 Things that Help  Intense Kundalini.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIrnC-G41X0

3.  20 Things I Wish I Had Known At The Start Of My Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NvdfKprrPU

4.  20 Ways To Help You Through Intense Triggers CPTSD symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8uUBGqrpYM

5.  2019 Ascension Symptoms   Soulful Toz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AIrgZpgv9Q

6.  4 Ways to Release Emotional Blocks From Sacral & Root Chakra  Healing Pelvic Trauma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LemW82yb874

7.  4.5 Years In the Kundalini Awakening Process  Phases & Symptoms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gnhnv4z2IAo

8.  9 Things i've learned about CHILDHOOD TRAUMA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5i4Wx6hqjc

9.  9 Things I've learned about SEXUALITY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMyrxggOnm0

10.  9 Ways We May Be HINDERING the Masculine  Healing Divine Masculine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eku6VlEZHPA

11.  Absorbing TOO MUCH energy  Empath Burnout.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpU7eGT4lj0

12.  Am I Connected To the Pleiadians.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iZ9ZEeFuQnQ

13.  ANGER & How To Release It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ODnBt0GJmw

14.  Anxiety & Fear   Spiritual awakening symptom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3LNVmXTcw8

15.  Are these bad  (Antidepressants, alcohol, tv...).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Db9kRgEolk

16.  Attachment Fears in Romantic Relationships.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aBnXTQJP5Uo

17.  Bad Habits  After a Kundalini Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m166FHjRT9A

18.  Books That Have Healed Me  Soulful Toz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdgEbGqHCWE

19.  Changes in Libido   Kundalini Symptom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02k1Wi42xG0

20.  Coming out of the Spiritual Closet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-8fSGK_rPU

21.  Crown Chakra  Craig Holliday Interview  Part 7.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-ViAgDXGDY

22.  Dealing with Family & Friends  Spiritual awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4w35-w4wJTc

23.  Doubting Yourself  Your Decisions & Spiritual Experiences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Oyg1u4V8w8

24.  EL DESPERTAR ESPIRITUAL  Introduccion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yc-goYnQh5w

25.  Energetic Blockages  Kundalini Kriyas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-OHHmEwNVk

26.  Feeling Stuck  May  2017 Energy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yQ6s33PjTE

27.  Going Overboard With Healing Trauma Titration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dx8xP94EwSE

28.  Heart Chakra  Craig Holliday Interview  Part 4.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJ1oJYHU4hw

29.  HEIGHTENED SENSITIVITY    Spiritual Awakening Symptom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CH52B_kwk84

30.  How Long Does KUNDALINI Take.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xk-4WZow35g

31.  How My Kundalini Awoke  The Story  Soulful Toz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xurrSBep8is

32.  How to FEEL your pain  Shadow Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AkWDu3qaoY

33.  How to get UNSTUCK  Awakening Symptom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Z8jurhYwU0

34.  How to help someone who is spiritually awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vkSLtqVPUA

35.  How to INTEGRATE after EMOTIONAL WORK.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cts4oIE9U3g

36.  How To Move Through FEAR & Into Safety  Ventral vagal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0auemXpGZ8

37.  How To Set Boundaries As An Empath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xb1tklK-jCE

38.  How To Take Care Of Yourself in a DEEP DEPRESSION  Realistic Self-Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFfxXh9ALCo

39.  I answer your questions (Q & A).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DoPqrWhXPxw

40.  I stopped being a vegetarian  My diet struggles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A5JhaIc0trM

41.  I'm in another death cycle  shedding of the ego.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBSnzzkZ9B8

42.  I'm still in the darkness & Broken Mirroring  Vulnerability Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=la-UArzegFk

43.  January 2018 Energy Update   Romantic Love  Breathing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uMTlZoctCEg

44.  Kriyas & Releasing Trauma Energetically.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SHZjgVrhBU

45.  Kundalini Energy Flow Update  April 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dReSiZB2fyU

46.  Kundalini Energy Flow Update  February  2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xdfyoHG07qs

47.  Kundalini Energy Interview   Soulful Toz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckICSORb1j8

48.  Kundalini Energy Update  July 2017   Vegetarianism & Returning To Normal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ht5lQ7QfFZI

49.  Kundalini Energy Update  November 2017.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IC_WVSAaKEI

50.  Kundalini Symptoms  How To Deal with Them.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LcHCKa40kXg

51.  LOSING THE MAGIC  Awakening Symptom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YoIN4rCevrM

52.  Losing your Sense of Self  The Void.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YH4hTEudd3g

53.  May 2018  Energy Update Stepping into physicality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rubb1EYcmug

54.  Meet My SOCIAL ANXIETY  Vulnerability Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPrdCSWZ_zY

55.  MORNING GROUNDING MEDITATION  Soulful Toz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GwcLOClHt18

56.  My Daily Spiritual Routine  Productive Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bW86nRbgKPo

57.  My Dark Night of the Soul  Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ETGyM9V_wU

58.  My December 2019 Energy Update  Emotional Shutdown.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bh78cZFuUms

59.  My experience at an emotional release workshop  Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emhFC6rDcG8

60.  My experience at an emotional release workshop  Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXSdpFnGBlk

61.  My fear of aging   Vulnerability Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XWLpWv4w1vk

62.  My First Time Channelling an Energetic Transmission.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAPrSEe435Q

63.  My Journey Into Relationship  FEAR OF INTIMACY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p7DK7DccHM

64.  My Kundalini Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M173e6xnkUA

65.  My struggle with Erythrophobia  Fear of Blushing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfrQ5A1nKtI

66.  NEW Ascension Symptoms  2020  Soulful Toz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIhDUTQznhQ

67.  Q&A- Dark nightAwakening symptoms Past lives.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=biJYXNZ4_9I

68.  Quitting Coffee  What Changed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xU06mw7e5Yc

69.  Receiving Emotional Release Bodywork with Pat Jackman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8tmh_jfa69M

70.  Receiving Emotional Release Bodywork.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEvjFi4v_EI

71.  Receiving SPIRITUAL DOWNLOADS   Soulful Toz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrpPrSnAF-8

72.  Root chakra  Craig Holliday Interview  Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_1SfT7yC5w

73.  Sacral Chakra   Craig Holliday Interview  Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dC-8yxltoeE

74.  Sacral Chakra  YONI healing & Pleasure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytzijJQfKX8

75.  San Pedro Cactus  My First Experience  Soulful Toz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5BSVIwwQUc

76.  Sharing Your GIFTS  Spiritual Awakening Symptom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woAsSXv4UDU

77.  SOCIAL ANXIETY  My Story  Soulful Toz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rT8VtTe6GJo

78.  Solar Plexus Chakra  Craig Holliday Interview  Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elvoYLzbwJU

79.  Spiritual Evolution & Kundalini w CRAIG HOLLIDAY.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAJO1J9N9Ek

80.  Spiritual Weight Gain & Body Image.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TjB5zORm9wI

81.  Strange, Dark & Obsessive thoughts  Awakening Symptom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7N5ztTLRUc

82.  Taking Care Of Myself During My Kundalini Awakening  Vlog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2M88WyjJtc

83.  Taking Your Spiritual Awakening Too Seriously   Playfulness & Fun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8KGLtWs3hM

84.  The Beauty in my Erythrophobia & Blushing Trauma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-OzRMPWlN4

85.  The BEST Ways To Work With Your INNER CHILD  Healing Attachment Trauma & Co-dependency.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Umn2ihIdHmI

86.  THE BODY  The Key to Spiritual Awareness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2Pwebplcuw

87.  The challenges of healing in ISOLATION.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ZmpcSA3eiQ

88.  The END of my relationship & Navigating heartbreak & Attachment Injury.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLrEvSsCjx8

89.  The Frustrations of a Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRIndgMhri8

90.  The Integration Process & Fatigue  Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEDkBklSiDI

91.  The Turning Point In The Healing Of My Trauma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqZTCBP2qnE

92.  Third Eye Chakra  Craig Holliday Interview  Part 6.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnIKd-NFnUM

93.  This Mercury Retrograde Is Intense.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91WTdSR1qdk

94.  Throat Chakra  Craig Holliday Interview  Part 5.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MJmAE9KSbU4

95.  virtual Emotional Release w Pat Jackman  Child Abandonment Trauma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjMd4f2x7QQ

96.  Watch This If You Are Feeling Shame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKAibp0KHOQ

97.  What An Integration Day Looks Like   Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWM7jI5_B7g

98.  What have I gained from my Spiritual Awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CGlmabSNWU4

99.  What IS Kundalini  Soulful Toz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GQ6F8jZm8g

100.  What is on the OTHER SIDE of healing after an awakening.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aouSGA00XSk

101.  What Stage of the Awakening am I In  Question & Answer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXsl2_4cIoQ

102.  When you Trigger your Shadow.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z900s9Zl0WQ

103.  WHY you go through the Dark Night of the Soul.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6WGu-X68zI

104.  Working a job during an AWAKENING  Soulful Toz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q47QfTg1BS0
Soulful Toz - Videos