
A Cool way to keep Pet Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T65wJyQ0FIo

A Lazy Afternoon, Faye and her Family, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVxC-XmgszE

A Little Life comes to an End
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Yl4-inkvlw

A Little Scrap of Life,  cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9Bpqo8aJu4

A very, VERY Angry little Mouse, Finnegan after neutering lol )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXTxDyNwKeY

A Year with the Yukon Wildies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaKH1PbSmKM

Adorable Little Stu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=It18ZGBaa2k

Amara and Midas get a clean cage, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1qrs316m_XM

Amara gets two Baby Mice, Midas and Faye get cuddles )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0onemA6664

Amara gives Birth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WIVVDbdCSlE

Amara in Baby Bliss, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFT6F7M_kJQ

Amara is feeling much better, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DtxHywcOwZ0

Amara is not feeling so good
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RmwBIfNDaPY

Amara's Last Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s92dxFw7-4o

Amazing little Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wFZ1A1YNGAQ

Amazing Yukon - Fish Lake Mountains
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CHnNMHEUTY

Amazing Yukon - Grebe Family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsFrZvm51XE

Amelia being Bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFiRgI-act8

Amelia caring for the Babies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbQla_ZECgA

Amelia makes a Nest for her Family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1zmz2nqPWQ

An Unexpected Litter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1tPxCpFTmU

Anticipation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-XNWr6_4RA

Archie distracting me from Video Editing, he is just too cute )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Wl_633gGqI

Archie is just too cute )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8b7oiPDhuoY

Art Show, Aud Fischer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fb3kFVT0pb4

Asriel's Troop gets a new cage and Midas helps out, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0f5knCtUe0g

Aunty Amelia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjd7t72USPQ

Babies have Fur!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cYXNhs2Vcs

Baby Blossom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHpWgej2HCg

Baby Mice -  Behind the Scenes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vaFUrNMFBh4

Baby Mice and Porridge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKhYbZQjEIw

Baby Mice in a Playpen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlwpdnhB2tE

Baby Mice in the Nursery Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PLw1nvxMMFs

Baby Mice learning to eat cheezies from the Pros
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CF9gdvK3KsM

Baby Mice meet each other for the First Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZQpEgAhPjw

Baby Mouse Daycare
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9-ucYD1pg0

Baby Mouse Field Trip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KwLFBQDiAQ

Baby Mouse Graduation Party
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p6tq_579AMI

Baby Mouse makes cute 'Nom Nom' Noises
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrW3HHr6fho

Baby Mouse Purring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SV7nj-EHGMI

Baby Mouse Sleep Over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHRLJOJoiJs

Baby Mouse Sleeping
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0Jw5M9tjdM

Baby Obsessed Mice, Amara and Athena
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8qPZuOCjPo

Bay has had enough !!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMWXO4afDEY

Beautiful Yukon Lake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_xDQnwblTQ

Bed Time for Baby Sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4AH22uoGio

Bedtime for the Mice and Amara may be pregnant!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bRr7sUcGrpc

Bedtime for the Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvLVzj6v_E8

Bella and Amelia  caring for their Babies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5DkJucQZ70

Bella and Amelia and the Rest of their Troup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rakn0psM20E

Bella's Litter - 7 days old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SL6ktjrrCXI

Bella, Amelia and Humphrey
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_mJAH9ZDUE

Beloved Little Stu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBcUZlFosRQ

Blossom and Bruno all cute in the Hammock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51jeOcAOR8E

Blossom and Bruno
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9i3Jgit9_4Y

Blossom has a Temper Tantrum
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3139qZtg-nA

Blossom is not Happy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UeITnPOuyRk

Boys and Girls - Bella's Litter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sT0RQV2hZ-o

Boys and Girls - Ginny's Litter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMugZDs83Jw

Brooke meets her Kittens for the First Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_dFToMzPMk

Building a Nest with Matilda, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EcOzmMyN-O4

Building a Shelf-style Animal Home I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVi7FGhx0ug

Building a Shelf-style Animal Home II
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPa0SYr_yag

Building an Aviary Addition (for the Ferrets)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4v4kEXeMmI

Busy Little Pip
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elmbMhGqrlc

Butterfly and Clover, cat and hedgehog, best friends
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wm1X6-ahwwA

Cabin Update and Inventory, with a little help from the mice )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ir8aUQrlXQs

Cage is much too Small for Mattie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwJTa_0i-TA

Caleb has the Zoomies and Archie wants Out!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiPp1p3enPI

Caring for little Stuart - cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oguIx6Wb1U

Caring for WAY too many Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qioJtolmVXs

Cleaning day for Caleb's Troup, cleaning an Open Concept Mousery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dam30XaWY2s

Cleaning Stuart's Cage, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=494uqrewwi8

Cleaning the Large Mousery Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4YFHSnacEY

Cleaning the Large Mousery Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1azBA6-gm0

Cleaning up with Midas and Leo, two cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwwDMrE55DQ

Clumping Behavior in Baby Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dAeEFpom14

crazy mouse twirling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUckhcpUxuQ

curious mouse meets baby bird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtsAJEvAqjk

Cute Baby Mice, daytime feeding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8B8fd-bkuQE

Cute Baby Mice, night time feeding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKo7B0MP9yw

cute Icelandic Pony, Maari at Ponyclub
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tv_rFtESbCA

cute little Mouse Hugo babysits the litter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRgNmWy8_xw

Cute Little Stu (shoes)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeBc1IHSdDM

Cute Mattie Behaviours
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPlTDuiEApQ

Cute pet sheep going for a walk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20FTyAHZMmc

Cutest Little Mice in the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mC7A_4VpX6g

CVC Channel Update January 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOID5002cFw

CVC Channel Update May 2013
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slNWzbhujFI

Dancing the Polka with Mattie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dg7TEYYgFKA

Dating in the Mouse World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kWyhURApdA

Dawson, a Life Well Lived, Yukon Wild Horses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB_TfbjemvA

Dog Walking in the Yukon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=717AeUbUjww

Elderly Mice are Adorable, cute little Ruby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TeKxn3y7sBQ

Emerald Lake, Yukon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzFZLjRGyrA

Empathy in Mice - Rocky's Last Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EbCXo52wVI

Enola has to Move
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx12MTHvFJo

Enola, Glory and Babies!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-obm3NfKwpc

Epic Nest Building, Midas and Amara
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RH6GCByRgY8

Evening routine with the Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlKLrb-QLdo

Evening Treats (and Tess is not feeling well)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLX_wyHk0HU

Extra Feedings for tiny Zorro, extremely small baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0D0IQ8qZb5M

Extremely Playful Little Mouse, Introducing Toby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sqWnKXw0hA

Family Time with Mattie and Stu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTqT_rfwNwM

feeding a baby swallow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moy86bdEYeI

Feeding little Stuart, cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMYqJm9IEXA

Feeding the Baby Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrDJlux6fj4

First Glimpse of the Film Project Growing up Mouse'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryshe4cJqI8

Flower and Blossom and the Little Shore Bird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkogDY0EDMg

Flower and Blossom go to the Ocean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuySlNTVr-4

Fluffy Butt Caleb, a very angry mouse and an Overcrowded Nest Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COtzNRmvjSI

Frustration !!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42Nos_eSoTY

German Shepherd adopts Orphan Kittens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-TxKSZpZXk

Getting Ready to Move the Boys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2X_ok6I73jQ

Ginny caring for her Girls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HheMDU4hBGY

Ginny nursing her Babies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0vTg6afEug

Glory is Pregnant and Enola is a Jumper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smNXfAupWHs

Grief in Mice, Pippi after Rocky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1MvRtPttKoY

Growing up Mouse, Athena being the best little Auntie ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJLkqSDTerA

Growing up Mouse, summary video of the 'Babies!!!' series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Rh9MiDAoI0

Hanging out with Mattie and Stu, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nEBCMfmx664

Happy Little Toby, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qt0ElqxZR4Y

Hickory Dickory Dock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bor1CzxDcMA

How Mice go Bad, First Version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JM5Hp1wSfu8

How Mice go Bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2WWU_5QFoas

How to Tame Pet Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D2PXAEoEGlA

Humphrey goes Visiting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OO3bbZZzouk

Icelandic Pony, Maari goes visiting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ySD8f8J0fU

In Conversation with Percy's Human
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEdBoarkSEw

Integrating Apollo, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXhMO8-fi-8

Introducing a Little Mouse Family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojCR5WFATb0

Introducing a New Mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_D4CpS2QwM

Introducing little Caleb and a shaky Update on the Mousies )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQeYYQdviio

Introducing Little Sky, cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ynmleb1Yn1M

Introducing Little Stuart - cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-ZgQavl8BA

Introducing Toby to Bay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDgbEfW-L_M

Jail Break in Progress, mouse being bad lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGnAmJtBkxE

Just a Little Mouse enjoying a Cheezie
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ux7veQEuR0U

Just some Cute Little Mice eating Cheezies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2Uyitnp6SY

Just some cute little Mice eating Porridge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fi-PFaJAaXA

Knight's Band just before Winter, Yukon Wild Horses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jq4bKXBeUyA

Lake Diary S1E20 Hatching
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BTi8wHgODCM

Lake Diary S1E21 First Family Outing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_sfZFpQhK8

Learning to Get Along
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn0i81gVXmA

Leo and his Girls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZJebXeZFS0

Life goes on, after Zorro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VP86eDTz39U

Little Archie, some of my favorite clips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KZZbSOORa-Q

Little Horse at the Fair
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OY6pGaOEKc8

Little Horse Rolling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4k_TLs7nwU

Little Mouse Gets Neutered
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pebo9V9dTm0

Little Mouse goes Hunting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kSKm00QHZI

Little Mouse Hugo caring for his Babies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YK9egDm3gA

Little Mouse Nora caring for her Family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtNyk3028u4

Little Mouse Nora meets the Baby Mice for the First Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uTegZhrvP0

Little Mouse Playing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CjGkr7G3S0U

Little Sam Sleeping, cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=277SYgXdRW8

Little Shrew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgiZdHXC1iY

Little Stuart - 2 weeks old, cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCkd1dU6U3g

Little Stuart helps with Boat Building, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yI96KUboQyE

little Stuart makes his Bed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z8t3T2U5PXQ

little Stuart needs comforting  (he's just been neutered)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_G2tG-ivAY

little Stuart's spider bite
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lljz52DGPxY

Living in the Yukon, Windy Day at Bennett Lake
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lGSDVWoiKlY

Love at Last
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkQ1t9coOqQ

Lovesick Little Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpTcX9QWgjw

Loving Mattie and Stu, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0GOTKOWIhk

Magical Little Stu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APoBugC_nBg

Making a Simple Animal out of Clay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocAc--CQdPw

Matilda helps prepare Students' Sculptures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dd6dOD95qSM

Matilda playing with Cat Toy, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y5H8HKyiT8A

Matilda tries to solve a Problem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6I4n9R8ZF8

Matilda wants to be with Stuart, but is still too tiny
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWUvr-iIrG0

Matilda's First Free Run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQj81ObsY3s

Mattie and Stu all Sleepy, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXepyy52K54

Medicating Pippi and Rocky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e524gAt8hmg

Medicating Rocky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQlvGobmr6M

Messing around with Toby 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2oSFgXBUJU0

Messing around with Toby 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKGsU6DfhCU

Messing around with Toby 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRqOevzsZ5I

mice playing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8RuwEAyJK0

Midas and Amara are Absolutely no Good for the Film Project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0tUq5cvGbc

Midas and Amara eating Potato Chips, Mousy ASMR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYyJ--OTvMw

Midas and Amara's Film Shoot, didn't quite go as planned lol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yncBz_hJCzc

Midas and his Mom, two cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNmdg4tudB8

Midas and Leo having Fun in the Cabin, extended version
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZt8HHp0DE0

Midas being the best little Daddy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBlsmngfF00

Midas does this Funny Thing, weird but cute little mouse )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YsOTWv6K4FE

Midas giving Kisses, affectionate little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deoxmvw4maM

Midas rearranging the Cabin - Funny Little Mouse )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0U9MiGLmfs8

Midas's First Free Run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLJwhDJO2YA

Midas, Amara, and Faye meet the Baby Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GS0CyYmuD1A

Midas, Faye and Amara, the best little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNEB-IExfMk

Monkey or a Mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCJMq5Sdmn8

More Baby Mouse Socializing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZzl3C_GrUE

Mouse Family Eating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIjkG-ELtMU

Mouse Family in a Castle, cute baby mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDx4ywBZfYM

Mouse Family in a Playpen,  cute baby mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V3WwjYqX8w0

Mouse Family in the Nest Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ot9QinOd-EE

Mouse Family in the Nursery Tank, cute baby mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_LFjfSqX5U

Mouse Family Sleeping, cute baby mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7AUBJgaI3k

Mousy Christmas Fun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3E-tWm0ELEk

Mousy cuddles, Faye and Midas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wZfjwcIsM0

Mousy Free Run, the mice have fun )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xKJCYiOin4

Mousy High Five )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k0hAYJgTLjo

Mousy Nest Building
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EE_Q8FkQKGk

Mousy Wars I Introducing Quasimodo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0LP3JbqH0-Y

Mousy Wars II Introducing Evelyn
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LiwOIijjKrE

Mousy Wars III, in the Lens Bag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuzsQ8RTJEQ

Mousy Wars IV, in the Ferret Bag
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHZG5dE5jXw

Mousy Wars IX new cage setup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDEbR85-zvs

Mousy Wars V, a Mouse with a Swagger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5iHFsGibsn4

Mousy Wars VII,  All Out WAR!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKBfxqfLReo

Mousy Wars VIII The Breakup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dxdiZd7Zj4

Mousy Wars XI Quasimodo, getting old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdUxfuCJNXM

Mousy Wars XII Quasimodo, saying good-bye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVE_m2vIPY0

Moving into the big Tank, cute baby mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EpSM-2tLGA

Moving Tess and Ginny to a Larger Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnnm188-Hao

Moving the Boys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vg7wLk5ekWU

My Handicapped Mouse Asriel, a bit of extra footage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFcTulwT21w

My Home, Yukon Wild Horses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ozIDyTRDTpI

My Mouse Breeding Program
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fE05CwtjhBg

My Tiny People, The Joy of Keeping Pet Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pn8bhrjekhk

My Wonderful Little Amara
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usM63IErCP4

Naming Bella's Litter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odAExCQyYOc

Naming Ginny's Litter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PUtqTtO5mzc

Nanny Mouse Amelia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0JGx6PfWgUU

Newborn Baby Mice, Ginny's Litter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0po9YjedvvA

Nora, Flower and Baby Blossom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVaiHZ6OUxY

Nova and her Family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ND9qj-2j6gw

Nova raids the Peanut Butter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sPFIzSs4yrI

Nova, three weeks old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-hUI_-3ZNg

Nugget is Biting!!! evil little mouse )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FuqK2EKFOIY

on Mice and Cats, how to train cats to be good around pet mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D83A4AIBAaA

One Happy Little Family
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwCY5D5K8RE

Operation Make-Pippi-Happy-Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6M2WW8gVGs

Overwintering a Chipmunk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZAmSba3Sto

Peanut Butter!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqJ46NCbWKE

Pigs Playing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lTZt1xaErQ

Pippi and Rocky meet Toby for the First Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rr0lWDpJo0E

Pippi behind the Scenes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDGV7T2gpQY

Pippi goes on Strike
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pA5lVT-GhI

Pippi opening Cabinets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k114Vva8lyk

Pippi Playing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TN0mBpenb6M

Playing with Matilda, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tNr4jkAHW6I

Raising a Baby Mouse 1010 Weaning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NiKikNJYoM

Raising a Baby Mouse 110 The First Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNX2byHbppM

Raising a Baby Mouse 210 Formula
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nNPoBJiHdy8

Raising a Baby Mouse 310 How Much to Feed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CRccN-ik4MA

Raising a Baby Mouse 410 Feeding
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4_mFLcLBio

Raising a Baby Mouse 510 Keeping Warm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zETstxOXUHo

Raising a Baby Mouse 610 Dehydration, Bloat
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiYnBNTxUuw

Raising a Baby Mouse 710 Not Eating, Scruffy Stage, Bathing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOzJTYerfhk

Raising a Baby Mouse 810 Large Litter, Respiratory Problems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3OFeFvPrD8

Raising a Baby Mouse 910 Poop, Injury, Sexing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeNSdB8IvnM

Reconstruction of the extinct Yukon horse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WH-L2x_9eLM

Rescuing a red-breasted Sapsucker, cute Stuart footage at end
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3FCHoFLVM0

Rocky is Not Feeling Well
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igJBiqIVKU0

Ruby wants Porridge, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnU7ZMhBfMg

Second Time the Baby Mice are All Together, extra long vlog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xVx16GYxbik

Setting up a Mousy Playground
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhGRcqMNFnE

Showing Mattie, 4 weeks old, Around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVdnzamMI08

Shrew in a Jar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrBCldG38I8

Shy Little Bella
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQMWztTg1aE

Sky all Grown Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wle9LE1KW2U

Sky and her Toys, cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT3pFwW8FQs

Sky trying to Nurse off Toby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIcaVy09HpY

Sky's Last Video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=941MgDOFHJU

Sleepy little Orphan Kittens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMocWU-TCdY

Sleepy Little Stu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpuIdvuVxps

Small Animal Post-Operative Care, Toby after surgery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mv40Mqf4Eeg

Snow has Babies!!! cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f28_Wb00Eqk

Socializing Baby Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aWU2IR6etNQ

Socializing Bella's Litter, cute baby mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qp_cbPlhpPQ

Socializing Ginny's Litter, cute baby mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nu0sQil0J6I

Socializing Ginny's Troop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yI1KsDi6CDI

Spending Time with the Mousies Uncut (well mostly)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=51LSsui5R-w

Stu, Matts and some Honey Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dkApswd_58

Stuart and a Box of Screws
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k51RteH4lTg

Stuart and Matilda after Free Run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hOvlk-GTGnQ

Stuart and Matilda get a Clean Cage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1TzLPDmokk

Stuart and Matilda go Boating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhD5xT74KlA

Stuart and Matilda in a Loaf of Bread, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXl977vdkM4

Stuart and Matilda in lens bag, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fieBUTWiJ0Q

Stuart and Matilda in the Hammock, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmaQp9RcFNE

Stuart and Matilda relaxing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQpsRT7gM4g

Stuart and Matilda, learning to share
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfdaK4xctvw

Stuart and Matilda, Trick training Tunnels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FSXI4HKDcw

Stuart and Matilda, Trick training Twirl
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xka_CR28Qoo

Stuart and Mattie chewing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JIsnHnVwB4c

Stuart Chewing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KO1inUgYsjA

Stuart closes a Window, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NK4HocLH1r0

Stuart does NOT like Quasimodo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fwoxRqRRaeA

Stuart gets a little Sister, cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEv1TmXjf1U

Stuart goes Boating II, cute little  mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OzYgJrpgdhs

Stuart in a Tower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4bHISnL4gs

Stuart learns 'Tunnel' trick, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfuL2P4N3gI

Stuart makes a bed for Matilda, cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=veuQ-3ixTYw

Stuart Snoots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YpejmBX2_7A

Stuart's Boat Training I, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GslwRdi7lLs

Stuart's Boat Training II, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2u5Aktov7xs

Stuart's Boat Training III, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9183SQPVoio

Stuart's Boat Training IV, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJHOrDf92wQ

Stuart's nipple search - cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6mZClwsjjA

Stuart's Poop Patrol, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9hcRuGFCWQ

Stuart's Red Truck - cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6snwFBqEM2E

Summer of the Grebes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yGucLUvqug

Super Friendly Little Mice )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh3TBYSpMyk

Sweet Little Stu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGwzXJPxjUc

T-Rex and the Shrew
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoD2ajX0cYk

Taming the Shy Ones, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CtmxJUQ81Bk

Taming Toby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5zJbsKCahs

Target Training the Gang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjsBwVLFWcA

Telling the Boys from the Girls in four day old baby mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSL305W8X2Y

Tess and her Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UTXOBRScC1Q

Tess gets a Second Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AZ4EqnhUHXs

Tess goes to the Vet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJVMILRDosU

Tess is Upset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1veK9SgdUGM

Tess Nursing her Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nOQhP1Sorgg

Tess nursing the Litter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CTht6U1hKfg

Tess Update
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxT3lqnR1c4

Tess's Baby - four days old
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yr0NV--Jk8E

The Babies get two Moms
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Io-I2NcloSk

The Big Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgmmL84Qwps

The Boys are Fighting!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11hu3I1gE4w

The Cabin behind the scenes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSNe_r39nRw

The Cheezy Finding Game, the mice have fun )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ShrzNAxUYE

The Little Trouble Maker, young wild stallions playing and causing trouble, Salt River Arizona
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppeYTXL3dL8

The Mice at 40 below, very cold right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mpcwjsdX6o

The Mouse Castle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TeEGILo8LXU

The Mouse Tower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJjCjDCvojw

The Nibbly Phase, when young mice 'bite'
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7FYc0l12po

The Treat Finding Game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laSx_QaTQYo

Three Little Boys - three very different personalities - cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0DEGlCM2fE

Tigerlily's Band in the Summer, Yukon Wild Horses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3Xh9x7wjRY

Toby and Bay in the Hammock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJBme6lnVvA

Toby caring for Baby Sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCDiJnbXbvE

Toby comforting Pippi, empathy in mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fK6HBUudLYc

Toby figuring out the Big Green Dinosaur
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gYg-KN6jHI

Toby gives Sky a Bath - she really needs one )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5X5OnyCMvdA

Toby in his Small Tank
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIu_3jGVM8M

Toby makes a Nest for Baby Sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w9ZzgM4v0bw

Toby Playing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lA_FoV_PVoM

Toby relaxing with his Girls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L57HNjLduHQ

Toby Tipping Dinosaurs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MUdn7NhLeQ

Toby visits Pippi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5T-zVUCeLk

Toby wants to Kill !!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWMm1N4Ojug

Toby, Bay and a small bowl of Peanut Butter
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1POHRkcTsDM

Toby, No !!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0JMdiWld8I

Tour of the Mousery 1 - Bella and Ginny's Troops
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcp5qYYuWeA

Tour of the Mousery 2 - my pet quail Atticus
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qv8sIzFgfY

Tour of the Mousery 3 - Blossom and Bruno
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84qzISPQits

Tour of the Mousery Part 1, First Look, open concept mouseries
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvqa1IjDGNw

Tour of the Mousery Part 2, The Main Mousery, Las Vegas mice, breeding, feeding and wheels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJ-396yYoo4

Tour of the Mousery Part 3, The Boys
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6qyIDSk9YQ

Tour of the Mousery Part 4, Midas's Troupe, mouse food and medications, dried leaves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4y467OAc3E

Tour of the Mousery Part 5, building a Mouse Home, special care for Amara
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKdUduPx80c

Tour of the Mousery Part 6, the Cabin, the Balloon and the film project
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v52_WyPTGDM

Tour of the Mousery Part 7, entrance area, mouse bedding, conclusion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VEsEphH5W0I

Tour of the Mousery Part 8, Caleb's Free Run
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTkAPKzA698

Training Pippi and Rocky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8lmBIji91c

Training Pippi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hW9pD1pa7M

Training Time with Matilda, cute little mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30Q1xEY72xI

Travelling with Mice - Getting Ready to Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmT55oqdBpI

Travelling with Mice - on the road
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vroeq15Vsbg

Treats before Bedtime, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGvEQfeTynQ

Tribute to Tess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U4SWo09jy7Q

Trying to pet two little Mice at the same Time )
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFTM2KAJvlQ

Two little Mice in Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pxgV1Icu8A

Uncle Leo and Auntie Summer, cute little mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtDQbMNs9NQ

Update on Frost, Percy and the Baby Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jfwd4jskvQ4

Update on Tess and Ginny's Babies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMYviguxZuw

Update on Tess
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BN44C_cleE

Valley of the Horses, Yukon wild horses
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sn5ZT4qEEWE

Velcro Mice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpXcEbV_Cjg

Vlog #1 Getting Started
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIpGWGfXMIc

Vlog #10 Getting Flower ready for Surgery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnthNd3UPlA

Vlog #11 Flower after Surgery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0aNxgMlpOlA

Vlog #12 Flower is Chewing her Stitches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yQqoZE801YE

Vlog #13 Flower has removed ALL her Stitches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Zotzoz7wFk

Vlog #14 Flower has Visitors
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VaDpFQ0qlVM

Vlog #15 Flower, back Home
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFyiludCdV0

Vlog #2 Shanty and Sally
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LgZ9RFWwJc

Vlog #3 Green Screening
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VQa2vlp6aY

Vlog #4 Flower and Blossom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cP846wrIxI

Vlog #5 A Brown Deck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OdFHEd2uB84

Vlog #7 Scimitar Cat and Beringia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vDzOXUOVpQc

Vlog #8 Tour of the Mousery
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=up26EF1hvmY

Vlog #9 Hanging Out with the Mousy Troup
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB-B3yiMAy8

Vlogs #6 Cake and Sandwiches
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0EOkAIehpY

Washing Little Stuart, cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMO-y4WQiUQ

WAY too Cute Little Stu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tHUlxaBNLUU

WAY Too Many Gingers!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5Dwm-TWaG4

Weanling Sky, cute baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUMSEmHEL1A

Whats up with Sandy - determining gender in mice is not always easy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SY5KXi3QoPs

When Midas met Amara, a mousy love story
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htkR3mDZMgY

Why un-neutered Male Mice must Live Alone, Midas and Brampton
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AUdKKwmtQ70

Wild Horse Country in July, my favorite place in the Yukon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwimM7eSjmI

Wildlife playing Sports
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZVfE353fd6Q

Will She or Won't She
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkLSG1OCdHg

Winter and Knox caring for their little ones - Heart of the Universe - where love was born
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPH700Blu5k

Yukon Wild Horses, bachelor band, Skywalker and Tigerlily
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=227clCIzamc

Yukon Wild Horses, in the Spring
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0NtXwEuicA

Zorro Zooming, tiny hyperactive baby mouse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqNuPMhcr2Y
CreekValleyCritters - Videos