
10 Reasons to Stop Drinking Soda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHRX7WGiQME

10 simple steps to get Healthy!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhqzK7ner7g

10 Things that Will Improve Your Life Immediately
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXPE76aRKhk

100`% Full In!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaGle65A5Hw

3 Tips to Protect and Support your health w Dr. Brandon Nielsen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5a-tQrI3-I

4 Tips to get your through 2017 with Minimal Damage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSEfek7WeTI

5 Reasons to Stop Using Commercially Made Soap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Asp3UQr8atE

6 Nuggets of Wisdom from 6 Decades
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2FY-Av5owg

6 Reasons we get sick and what to do about it!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FadeZI_g2cs

6 Things that Will Completely Shift Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pOTeGrgpN6o

6 Things You Should Recover from Every Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfX10uRCT_c

9010 Rule!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wL-L_6EYx4E

A Bad Day is just a DAY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=22O-OvwquJ4

A Beautiful Time to Reset
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8Tf6Y2vzZg

A Conversation with Dr. Joel Kahn, MD
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjkIpUeugeg

A Conversation with Robyn Openshaw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uqq1UmiR_hE

A Conversation with Steven Ozanich in July 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inTa-fdUuFQ

A Crystal Ball to the Future for 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o66dai7S9k4

A HUGE MindBody Challenge
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wUDPkkdD98k

A little blooper
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybTJVrFVf9Y

A Message of Hope and Love from Jane and Dr  Nielsen Sept 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3FD8pl5Kho

A Salad a Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5aztjOjF_nw

A Sunday Message of Love from Jane XO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSMrxmELVfA

About Barlow Herbal & Jane Barlow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYMTfBn6Tqg

Almond Coconut protein bars!  Homemade, delicious and nutritious.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHRM6s5pI0s

Always Take the Stairs!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sP7yKcEyoJo

An Apple a Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U72KMTfq3Po

Anti Aging Secrets!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sNnbu3kjJkM

Apple Cider Vinegar to the Rescue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PH48HjmICX4

Are you a Sugar Addict  Do this one tip. Plus a fitness tip at the end!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_cMeSmNyyU

Are you Addicted to Stress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KilxiFq5U9c

Are You Addicted to Worry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xc-VwXVFEsE

As You Wish
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnrgZXJt0bU

Ask.  Just Ask.  The answers are waiting for you.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kf7lXpyeXkU

Back Pain - Permanent Healing with Steven Ozanich
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_OPHi4inOI

Balance Your Blood Sugar with these Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=seK-x8kkMek

Be Kind.  We need each other MORE than Ever.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uqSkmRq_QA

Be Proactive rather than Worried and Reactive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ipzwx1482Q

Beautiful Sprouting Lomatium plants!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IX1sm7GnHHA

Become a Hiker!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpM8ru4QhFI

Become A Hugger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjKE6fTkzS8

Become an Avid Reader
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72brVy-gBLQ

Become an Early Bird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NsQEF-iPjn4

Best Herbs for Prostate Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omL_D2xwPuI

Beyond Diet - my interview with Isabel De Los Rios
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMfnshpubCc

Breathe Easier with Healthy Lungs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvvBWdlmFUQ

Building Your Spiritual Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCMOO9R-9P0

Cayenne Pepper Perfection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yz_Hg0rxd4s

Clear Your Clutter and  Improve Your Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vSuxCLs7wWI

Connect with Mother Nature
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dva07CMpdck

Consistency with your Supplements
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5r_COlTENII

Contemplating Death and Living Within the Tao
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjLARxNWegc

Curbing Your  Need for Accuracy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4gE3QVX5F4

Dabble in Art!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M16PNrbMz0U

Daily Probiotics!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77a47x7RgH4

Disconnect to Connect (1057136)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUWKJZjXHFE

Disconnect to Connect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tgmpdFByP0

Dissolve Kidney Stones with Chanca Piedra
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPPEYnxSnd0

Ditch the Ice Water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KFkXKrTdYko

Ditch Your Commerical Anti-Perspirants
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6hPHIMUuCU

Do these 4 things every day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5cxVSihtqI

Dosing Herbal Tinctures w Jane Barlow &  Dr. Brandon Nielsen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UoEqqPXmNo8

Dr  Barry Rose - The Cutting Edge of Compassion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nObxEPhNOI

Dr.  John Sarno's Legacy with Steven Ozanich Dec 27, 2017
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi7WrlIBTb0

Dr. Brandon Nielsen - Part 2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gUaeN-4pbQ

Easy Muscle Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5KiabtTIS8

Easy Tip to help you Start Meditating
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tyXB0iYle4

Easy tips to Increase Your Energy for Summer!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAfm3hdmhy8

Eat Meat Sparingly
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JSJ416enL0

Eliminating Candida Overgrowth w Dr  Brandon Nielsen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pZCGV-NkDU

Embracing Hard Changes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_suW5gMX8A

Emotional Healing from Chronic Diseases
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0yNiNn33AU

End or Restrict Your TV Diet
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r801CNHkJ8I

Five Simple tips for increasing Motivation!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2tpge9LowY

Focus on the Productive for 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-p4_eaCDSU

Four Pillars of Brain Health w Dr. Brandon Nielsen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHrvh0RK7hs

Genetics and Frequency Medicine - The Future of Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSKMM1r_6WQ

Get a Hobby or Two
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wAuxfNdEOpI

Get Grounded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T1AlJmqSV3U

Getting ready for cold and flu season 2018 w Dr. Nielsen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0txZtyiIcM

Ginkgo biloba for Good Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3v_afWpgcNE

Give a Shift - My interview with Megan Smith-Gill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88jDK3-JY0E

Glowing Vitality Skin Serum Goodness XO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7icqbu5gNF0

Gratitude when you're Recovering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sevqeqau7jc

Hazel   LDM 100 testimonial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FyV2rwnKYNA

Hazel tasting Herbal Throat Spray wLomatium - pretty cute!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZDIHIEwlSc

Heal Your Hunger - My interview with Tricia Nelson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbidupcEbn4

Heal Your Pain wSteven Ozanich and Jane Barlow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJmseAcBmwY

Healing Back Pain w Steven Ozanich XO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_REFwdEXzY

Health Benefits of No Alcohol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuwHCqW1SzI

Health on the other side of FEAR
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guez5SEUMVo

Health Tips for Dealing with EBV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1bRTHNR93Q

Healthy Adrenals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HhSp1PazPzA

Herbal Adaptogens for Modern Stress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1wh37kluS8

Herbal Learning with Jane Barlow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cot4stT7l4M

Herbal Love with Jane Barlow #2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lku20k0G7VM

Herbal Prevention for Flu Season wJane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JnCXtTsnM0Y

Herbal Salve for your Pets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tO2w1aRRGbI

Herbal Tips to keep Your Kids Healthy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8v9bV6sRK0

Herbs for Brain Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VY_iDCuQix0

Herbs for Candida Overgrowth w Jane Barlow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KWFKt4A-J4M

Herbs to Help YOU with Energy and Exercise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_lIGiOWiUc

Herbs to Love your Liver, Balance Blood Sugar and Lose Weight.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bR-FX9LH3FM

Homemade Skin Salve from Barlow Herbal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgqje-dpdN0

Hope and Transcendence in 2020
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uOPX7DvVYI

How being clutter free can Improve your Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9PUBdBGWWxU

How I Personally Prevent the Flu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkdlZlTpAmY

How to Be Prepared for Whatever Comes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HNf--fTTt-o

How to Be Prepared When Disaster Strikes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3UftLGK_eU

How to be Unstoppable setting and Achieving and Setting your Goals!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNhmragybsc

How to Become a Barterer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9D-Pqt-5MAk

How to Bring Positive Emotions into your Life Everyday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbY388zunrQ

How to Clear Heavy Metals out of your Body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66ZdhJbJziA

How to Curb Your Sweet Tooth Once and for ALL!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BZd3wFsMiK0

How to Deal with Black Mold in your House
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lLjFBJKj4-I

How to Deal with Modern Stress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaYwzh4oklU

How to dose herbal tinctures wDr. Brandon Nielsen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whPCL-OhRh4

How to End 2020 with the Power of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2opjA6TaC1E

How to have a 20 year Younger Body and Brain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3Ms9GxIzDE

How to Look at 2020 as the Best Year Ever
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OecT59E-kt8

How To Make An Herbal Tincture wJane Barlow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H8uvsEI423o

How to Make Herb Infused Oils wJane Barlow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kiQsfN6vbn8

How to prepare yourself for a Juice Fast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gjh4DBG83LE

How to Release Negative Emotions June 2021
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wUMTJ_T3VQ

How to relieve Tinnitus, Ringing in the Ears, Sinusitis and congestion in the ears
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vj8pHdFu9Zc

How to Rock your Morning Routine w Benjamin Hardy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hKP12mHxfk

Hydration! Hydration! Hydration!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AYEUYGAKqs4

Is Soda Killing You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3P9SuZkHV0M

It's time to Un-Addict Yourself from Sugar Once and for All!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXjc8pNlObE

Jane Barlow's Herbal tip for Parasites and Candidia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mr7Gu5KOv5o

Jane's Dance Party Step - May 2014
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uv99-DtbD3Q

LDM 100 & MunityBoost info  Lomatium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTAak_g4VXg

LDM 100 testimonial from Dan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fynW5bkNH6Y

LDM-100 testimonial for a Tooth Infection
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtMXAeQMBXE

Let Unconditional LOVE heal You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Giap0E7CDo

Let's get Ready for Cold and Flu Season w Dr. Brandon Nielsen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eYkfVY3hi4

Live A Long time by Doing this One Thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8RqmUFBMHLU

Lomatium (LDM-100) in a Reduced Alcohol base
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HF_FsdYhB1o

Lomatium color and taste Variations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECn6jArAskM

Look Inside...Change required
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FK7JqLXVX30

Make Your Life MAGIC!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0N8lVT2-850

Meditate to Rejuvenate
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVbAV3M-g-I

My Favorite Adaptogenic Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20IeLVxgFoQ

My first guest!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8l84DSppnnU

My interview with Dr. Nielsen - Part 3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUpHEUa08js

My interview with Kim Hamer - 100 Acts of Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIkdwb_90aA

My Morning Routine - How to Rock your Health in your 50's and Beyond!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Hf_tkUMH1o

My Supplement Routine - How to Rock your Health in your 50's and Beyond
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TS38a5f3xJA

My Supplement Routine at 60 Years Young
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O7Xl5wW7ro0

My Top Ten Favorite Herbal Books
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AGiC5Ns8Lyk

National Sugar Addiction Awareness Day 2019
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNlFT3DbSZE

Natural Medicine vs. Traditional Medicine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8nDIIKb4Yo

Natural Skin Salves
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpARn_4EUOY

Natural Tips for Throat Health
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdUVDo5TOo4

New Salve for Bruising and Pain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaI2Qdj14Gk

One Simple tool to Raise Your Vibrational Energy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A74F0lVa-m8

Oral Health is Key
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOxPF5ngfPY

Pamper & Play
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5UO5AIpc3Y

Parasites & Candida Spring Cleaning for your Body
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkzqOsmSFSI

Peppermint Tea with Coconut Oil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3joAIPDxQo

Personality isn't Permanent w Benjamin Hardy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tE3aCZEuo20

Personality Isn't Permanent wBenjamin Hardy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYplo7VSdQI

Plan for Travel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhnS5VfZP2U

Practice Forgiveness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QA_iEkxNRqs

Practice Kindness
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0tlStwx7yms

Preparedness ALWAYS pays off!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FVTnMiCPjqc

Protecting  Yourself and your Family from the Flu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dr0OUNDVDBg

Questions Answered and a Mindset Shift
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jn7Xphk3xPk

Quick Sleep Tips wJane
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7Ml7OCBwbg

Reset with a 24-48 Hour Juice Fast
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gSvN8ZWiT40

Should I get the Flu Shot w Dr. Brandon Nielsen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cMdrn-vQD8

Should You Shake your Herbal Tinctures
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U1dwwx_KetU

Simple, Cheap Disease Prevention Tips
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4UWZNBUY-uM

Sitting hurts your health (& a Sugar addict tip!)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iupe1c3T4sY

Smile with Your Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y5ONFgAlLgQ

Spontaneous Healing Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wr-Ox9In7KI

Spontaneous Healing Part 2 The Five Things
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tVjOGZlkNjw

Stay Social!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ6vEjNGzH8

Steer Clear of Fast Food
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHFgfKURab8

Strength Training!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFmH3SgA17g

Supplements Revealed Docu-series
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsiUPM6n4pQ

Surprising Habits that Compound
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cSsP9V0KGM

Surround Yourself with Like-Minded People
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MUUBXLtOBsg

Survival & Preparedness Tips wJane Barlow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-gCYva7nEc

Take Care of Your Beautiful Brain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGlpnDrhqXI

Take control...it's your life!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FhIfUmsOjc

Take Full Responsibility for Your Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdGtLP_jIjY

Take Two!  Tips from a Champion Bodybuilder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0xfw5PMpjQ

Teaching the Grandkids to do Burpees!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUuCrI3lfTY

Tempted by sugar and fast food  Meet Sara DeLuca
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Obnw6aILKqw

The 90901 Rule
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msFbR4uH_9E

The Amazing Health Benefits of Suma Root
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DuM5NACvb_Y

The Day that turns Your Life Around
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YC4b_grmeCQ

The Difference between Commercial, Organic and Wildcrafted Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvLm4IR8C2o

The Five Rituals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMzN-ZKS-_8

The Four Agreements in Practice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y80iZm6cREw

The Future of Medicine!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awvbqnEjvIA

The Great Pain Deception Interview w Steven Ozanich (based on Dr. Sarno's work)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtLekwcFPH0

The Healing Energy of Emotion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KRy6u_d0oHo

The Health Benefits of Broken Cell Wall Chlorella
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zen2Hm-4WXY

The Health Benefits of Spirulina
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZX8hRgAyzk

The Importance of Community
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5au5FGhl9IE

The Importance of Daily Movement!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNuZMOa4NV4

The link between Stress and Constipation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPFWYZFNHN4

The Mindset Behind Success wJane Barlow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cFl2QkTqcQ

The Power of Adaptagenic Herbs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5e46kelq9s

The Power of Fasting
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4x--qQLrOk

The Power of Green Juice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uznxlH99HM8

The Power of Journaling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XZ3L0HbkH-c

The Power of Not Making Assumptions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivXF4-pqwU4

The Time to Be an OUTLIER is NOW!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zgjb-4z4COE

The Timeless Properties of Essiac
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4ABRAZLp_E

The Top 5 Must Haves in your Herbal Arsenal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdREAmnsQ5M

The Vitamin Mystery - with Sara DeLuca
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcVUkS1j-kU

Three powerful tips to stop the aging process.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6wINQseaho

Time to Kick the Sugar Addiction!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wW__d14pbc

Tips for Getting through the End of 2020 Without Fear
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_M_xALr2-Q

Tips from a Champion Bodybuilder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORZ8ZCUxPlM

Turning Back the Clock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQqQkeEd_Zs

Upgrade Your Body's Computer System
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7dJfA2Mqe0

Using Oil Based Serums & Homemade Soap
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bo6qlCUeoXs

Vegan Skin Salve is Here!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29yg9a4eRaI

When you Give you Get wBenjamin Hardy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RubrbBZxgo

Why Healthy Skin Products
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSPD90gu6zQ

Why Mainstream Media will Kill Your Future
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ixzpv1jff8

You are Enough - my interview with Marisa Peer Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTTdN0M86bo

You are Enough - Part 2 My interview with Marisa Peer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNWSjEz7YCY

You determine your Longevity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6iSg_nyh1A

Zero Soda!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TCj6ZJE7uNE
Barlow Herbal - Videos