
1. Blue Swede - Hooked on a Feeling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrI-UBIB8Jk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

5. Elvin Bishop - Fooled Around and Fell in Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyMMEmwFQUE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Ace (with Paul Carrack) - How Long • TopPop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DP5DflRasOk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Ace Frehley - New York groove (Kiss Solo albums 1978)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKdHy18rZcI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Al Wilson - Show And Tell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ItgAlRuafaU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Alan O'Day -1977- Undercover Angel
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-xRMw0NyW0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

All I Have To Do Is Dream - The Everly Brothers -  Lyrics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lX0ws6y7p5g&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Andy Kim - Rock Me Gently
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ym3RlvVR9M&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Anita Ward - Ring My Bell 1979
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsBak0oCgdY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Bellamy Brothers - Let Your Love Flow (1976) HD 0815007
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQQj2rQBFvA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Bob Welch - Ebony Eyes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnJOsfalSYs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Buggles - Video killed the radio star 1979
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iwuy4hHO3YQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Burton Cummings - Stand Tall (1976)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0Wd8rGWbA0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

C.W. McCall - Convoy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sd5ZLJWQmss&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Can the Can
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jk18ZlliDEE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Carl Douglas - Kung fu fighting(original)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhUkGIsKvn0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Chris Rea Fool If You Think Is Over
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3myI0IJmTlQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Dancing in the Moonlight (Original Recording) - King Harvest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5JqPxmYhlo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Danny O'keefe ~ Good Time Charlie's Got The Blues (original version)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YP3pIPp8P8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Dave Mason-We Just Disagree
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p8_FOQ7-P30&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Dr. John - Right Place Wrong Time
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HT4RainY-lY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

edison lighthouse - Love grows where my rosemary goes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr6H1a7YUac&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Exile - Kiss You All Over • TopPop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpaCXtahXxk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Four Tops - Ain't No Woman (Like The One I've Got)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rK3CGdyJBrI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Gallery -  It's So Nice To Be With You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cFm2a5vykc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Hot Butter - Pop Corn (Dance)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YfdLh0MHqKw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Just When I Needed You Most
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GoMn41bFqVA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

M - Pop Muzik (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPoiv0sZ4s4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Manfred Mann - Blinded by the Light
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcWVL4B-4pI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Mouth and MacNeal How Do You Do 1972
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uYNMKZ90jtA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Mud - Tiger Feet (Live TOTP 1974)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQfidTOTsLo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Mungo Jerry - In The Summertime ORIGINAL 1970
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvUQcnfwUUM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsaTElBljOE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

NICK LOWE - CRUEL TO BE KIND - HQ Best Version. New Audio.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b0l3QWUXVho&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Patrick Hernandez - Born to Be Alive - Official Video (Clip Officiel)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UaJAnnipkY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Pilot - Magic (1975 - HD)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzlK0OGpIRs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Please Come To Boston
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UDRLZFgEoGw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Raspberries Go All The Way Mike Douglas Show 1974
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfgnc6Ey0q0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Rose Royce - I Wanna Get Next To You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EO1nfSCKrU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

SAMANTHA SANG ~ EMOTION (with The Bee Gees) highest def. audiovideo~ 1977
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPwpVJ-eIgg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Shocking Blue - Venus (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPEhQugz-Ew&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Sniff 'n' The Tears - Driver's Seat (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SCzVEUlqqA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Stacy Lattisaw - I Found Love On A Two Way Street
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m6T-B155p0Y&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Sweet City Woman by Stampeders (Official Video)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqdffSH6GWc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Terry Jacks - Seasons In The Sun (Official Audio)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tPcc1ftj8E&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

The Knack - My Sharona
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbr60I0u2Ng&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

The Stylistics You Make Me Feel Brand New
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yu1Ezr1YEoY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Toto - Hold The Line
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mkmUdUYgH0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

War
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gKAM1NfMXY8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o

Wild Cherry - Play That Funky Music
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BHcYFxU4fMo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlCJb9oJQTeOWsIn6zVs_J4o
Top 70s One Hit Wonders Songs - One hit Wonders of the Seventies