
1.  38 Special - Caught Up In You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg21Rkew874&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

2.  38 Special - Hold On Loosely (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJtf7R_oVaw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

3.  ACDC - Back In Black (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAgnJDJN4VA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

4.  ACDC - For Those About To Rock (We Salute You) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fPf6L0XNvM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

5.  ACDC - Heatseeker (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWG4-4Y6Z60&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

6.  ACDC - Hells Bells (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etAIpkdhU9Q&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

7.  ACDC - Rock And Roll Ain't Noise Pollution (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_IWlPHMziU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

8.  ACDC - Shoot To Thrill (Iron Man 2 Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xRQnJyP77tY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

9.  ACDC - Shot Down In Flames (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKwVvSleM6w&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

10.  ACDC - Who Made Who (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PiZHNw1MtzI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

11.  ACDC - You Shook Me All Night Long (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lo2qQmj0_h4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

12.  Aerosmith - Dude (Looks Like A Lady) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nf0oXY4nDxE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

13.  Aerosmith - Janie's Got A Gun (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqQn2ADZE1A&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

14.  Aerosmith - Love In An Elevator (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3Yrhv33Zb8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

15.  Aerosmith - What It Takes (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CSnuQcFgvDo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

16.  Aldo Nova - Fantasy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPQgfaB3S1c&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

17.  Alice Cooper - Poison.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq4j1LtCdww&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

18.  Beastie Boys - (You Gotta) Fight For Your Right (To Party) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBShN8qT4lk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

19.  Billy Idol - Rebel Yell (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdphvuyaV_I&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

20.  Bon Jovi - Bad Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eOUtsybozjg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

21.  Bon Jovi - Born To Be My Baby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ahf2B_eZUc4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

22.  Bon Jovi - I'll Be There For You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mh8MIp2FOhc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

23.  Bon Jovi - Lay Your Hands On Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EhjSzibOIH4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

24.  Bon Jovi - Livin' On A Prayer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDK9QqIzhwk&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

25.  Bon Jovi - Never Say Goodbye.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifm00JEjSeo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

26.  Bon Jovi - Runaway (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s86K-p089R8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

27.  Bon Jovi - Wanted Dead Or Alive (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRvCvsRp5ho&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

28.  Bon Jovi - You Give Love A Bad Name (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrZHPOeOxQQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

29.  Bryan Adams - Run To You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCBASt507WA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

30.  Cinderella - Coming Home (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-qG6o5N7oQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

31.  Cinderella - Don't Know What You Got (Till It's Gone) (Stereo Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i28UEoLXVFQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

32.  Cinderella - Gypsy Road (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6j7E7pvLxmI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

33.  Cinderella - Nobody's Fool (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCOrtJMQmVs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

34.  Cinderella - Shake Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptPekKOigkQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

35.  Deep Purple - Knocking At Your Back Door (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7GERh0sQzY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

36.  Deep Purple - Perfect Strangers (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZ_kez7WVUU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

37.  DEF LEPPARD - Animal (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecFPU--vvf0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

38.  Def Leppard - Love Bites.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W4XiSFyYRE8&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

39.  DEF LEPPARD - Pour Some Sugar On Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0UIB9Y4OFPs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

40.  Dokken - Alone Again (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHgY53QXTyA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

41.  Eddie Money - Shakin'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tcD_dVcXE4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

42.  Europe - Carrie (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KmWE9UBFwtY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

43.  Europe - Rock the Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ELtpTBf-pMU&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

44.  Europe - The Final Countdown (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jK-NcRmVcw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

45.  Great White - Rock Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yg06B46VVys&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

46.  Guns N' Roses - Paradise City.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rbm6GXllBiw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

47.  Guns N' Roses - Sweet Child O' Mine (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w7OgIMMRc4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

48.  Guns N' Roses - Welcome To The Jungle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1tj2zJ2Wvg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

49.  Joan Jett & The Blackhearts - I Hate Myself for Loving You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpNw7jYkbVc&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

50.  Joe Satriani - Always With Me, Always With You (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VI57QHL6ge0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

51.  Journey - Any Way You Want It (Official Video - 1980).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atxUuldUcfI&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

52.  Kiss - Heaven's On Fire.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZjevnnkA20&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

53.  Kiss - Lick It Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gcj34XixuYg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

54.  Kiss - Reason To Live (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HshQidqYxjg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

55.  Kiss - Tears Are Falling (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEwnfhuPJGs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

56.  Living Colour - Cult Of Personality (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xxgRUyzgs0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

57.  Mötley Crüe - Girls Girls Girls (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2XdmyBtCRQ&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

58.  Mötley Crüe - Same Ol' Situation (S.O.S.) (Official Music Video 2019).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C2UTzWKGJqw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

59.  Mötley Crüe - Wild Side (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Hihge6FFVw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

60.  Mötley Crüe - Without You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g83dXwRkPhg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

61.  Night Ranger - Sister Christian (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z92bmlcmyq0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

62.  Ozzy Osbourne And Lita Ford - Close My Eyes Forever (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=foGkU6x3eSE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

63.  Poison - I Won't Forget (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJJ_HJ-9JNM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

64.  Poison - Nothin' But A Good Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_88L-CU7PD4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

65.  Poison - Talk Dirty To Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCChxBSRo1Y&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

66.  Queen - I Want It All (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFDcoX7s6rE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

67.  Quiet Riot - Bang Your Head (Metal Health) [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_1ruZWJigo&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

68.  Quiet Riot - Cum On Feel The Noize (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxgMGk9JPVA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

69.  Quiet Riot - Metal Health (Bang Your Head) - HQ Audio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMEz4cFMlZE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

70.  Rainbow - Stone Cold.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hByGwgm_vRs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

71.  RATT - Round And Round (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0u8teXR8VE4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

72.  Scorpions - Believe In Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQSZWAStqcY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

73.  Scorpions - No one like you (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZfNR98ajB1U&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

74.  Skid Row - 18 And Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ghd2bkIadG4&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

75.  Tesla - Love Song.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2q_-xN2N54&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

76.  Tesla - Modern Day Cowboy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avAvkdYa3qM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

77.  The Cult - Fire Woman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8g6h1vI4Xv0&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

78.  Twisted Sister - I Wanna Rock (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRwrg0db_zY&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

79.  Twisted Sister - The Price (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UpfZcEjopYE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

80.  Van Halen - Jump (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwYN7mTi6HM&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

81.  Van Halen - Panama (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuKDBPw8wQA&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

82.  Van halen - Why can't this be love (Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JK5zubdgf4Y&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

83.  Vixen - Edge Of A Broken Heart (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQOmDUnt8Hs&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

84.  Warrant - Sometimes She Cries (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAX20LoVgxE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

85.  Whitesnake - Here I Go Again '87 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyF8RHM1OCg&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

86.  Whitesnake - Is This Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOJk0HW_hJw&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

87.  Whitesnake - Still of the Night (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swPt9HBRXuE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw

88.  ZZ Top - Gimme All Your Lovin' (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ae829mFAGGE&list=PLGBuKfnErZlBQm96HtzabZ0dAlzZIJRbw
80s Hard Rock Music Hits Playlist - Greatest 1980's Hard Rock Songs