
1.  10 Halloween Hazards for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OKRmCdZm40

2.  10 Steps to Take If Your Pet Goes Missing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nb6ddi9ZCBM

3.  10 Tips to Keep Your Pets Safe in the Heat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XhbQWLDO8Tc

4.  10 Ways You're Stressing Out Your Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJz6lgUbnus

5.  12 Surprisingly Toxic Foods for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8TtinST_pA

6.  15 Ways to Minimize Pet Allergies at Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-MH5IW4ABc

7.  25 Ways to Tell if Your Pet Loves You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G-LdLa5M7k0

8.  4 At Home Boredom Busters for Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXa3trCD7FY

9.  4th of July Pet Safety Tips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBbBNAJsMk0

10.  5 Most Dramatic Dog Breeds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcJLG2ro6T8

11.  5 Reasons to Not Declaw Your Cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-90VL5fXVUI

12.  5 Reasons Your Pet Should Be Allowed at Work.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4s8GqpjmeNw

13.  5 Steps to Help Keep Your Dog’s Mouth Healthy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oqlg-U0TbY0

14.  5 Ways to Reduce Your Pet's Cancer Risk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txicqTZB2xI

15.  7 Reasons Why You Should Let Your Dog Sleep Beside You at Night.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XpFhtv3LVr0

16.  7 Signs Your Dog Is Feeling Ignored and Unloved.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37U1GMqVJAA

17.  7 Steps to Keep Your Dog Safe from Thieves.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DOPankLRhQE

18.  9 Tips for Staying Safe During Outdoor Adventures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0tHmrfGGg8

19.  A Safe and Natural Pest Repellant for Pets!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZ1xA8uJkwA

20.  A Short Story About the History of Pet Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrbwxPnFqLA

21.  A Sound Beginning A 14-Day Plan for Your Adopted Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjjMHtrE4uM

22.  A Talk About Canine Brucellosis With Dr. Becker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=asTjToodj2E

23.  Addison's Disease in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lCG6GhwpdJo

24.  Addressing Systemic Issues With Dr. Mace Licuanan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-F5Sgv-fyi4

25.  AGEs and Its Effect on the Feline Diabetes Epidemic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybjDow_LTcQ

26.  All Natural Dog Shampoo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=faOCqq-ZmWQ

27.  All You Need to Know About Histoplasmosis in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsWn2d9xRZM

28.  Amanda Jo on Why She Saves Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6X69Zn_HDwk

29.  Amazing Uses of Coconut Oil for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Q6P4qsQ5Y0

30.  An Overview of Pet Allergies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HOO0jlOEzI

31.  Animal Emergencies (Part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDYVRD8oiS8

32.  Animal Emergencies (Part 2 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vb3U1sMLebE

33.  Animals in South America With Giselle Huertas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=an86trDjFEw

34.  Autoimmune Hemolytic Anemia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1r6Hpc7uDI

35.  Avoid the #1 Reason Cats Go to the Vet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5Byuu_wQ7A

36.  Baths Tips and Rinses (Part 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1voV6BLr8U

37.  Baths Tips and Rinses (Part 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MH6gjJHtUhM

38.  Beef and Bison Bites.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-0osSDL0M4

39.  Being a Mobile Veterinarian With Dr. Heather Oxford (1850846).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CG4AYYVPsj0

40.  Being a Mobile Veterinarian With Dr. Heather Oxford.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osYVn-YO9lI

41.  Being Open to New Modalities With Dr. Nicole Sheehan (1793663).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0TAha0xGLA

42.  Being Open to New Modalities With Dr. Nicole Sheehan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrgBn7ph_4Y

43.  Being Open-Minded to More Healing Modalities With Dr. Kaitlin Iulo (1484885).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqlG62eZSvA

44.  Being Open-Minded to More Healing Modalities With Dr. Kaitlin Iulo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WHRp8ivOlo

45.  Benefits of Massaging Your Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wO7G_9v6KxM

46.  Bone Diseases in Growing Puppies (Part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebb_eoNkS2s

47.  Bone Diseases in Growing Puppies (Part 2 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aFKBn1fmQ8Q

48.  Bones for Your Pup!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPAji-1f8N0

49.  Breaking Down Barriers With Dr. Hooley (1717998).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AQcQHtrmT9g

50.  Breaking Down Barriers With Dr. Hooley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7PnPndu0dM

51.  Bring Out the Hunter in Your Cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIEeJUkIp38

52.  Canine Degenerative Myelopathy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqmBWun9jnI

53.  Canine Housebreaking Challenges Part 1 of 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmreWbneuRg

54.  Canine Housebreaking Challenges Part 2 of 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mo_3_O2DMVU

55.  Canine Influenza  Does Your Pet Need a Flu Shot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BXkS3Zt4uBE

56.  Canine Jeans and Jackets (Part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EwajpDFfB_w

57.  Canine Obesity Part 1 of 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0GHPpZZ-bo0

58.  Canine Obesity Part 2 of 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5zJFMLY92g

59.  Canine Testosterone Replacement With Dr. David Bieber.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J0lWSfROxUs

60.  Cannabis for Pets with Dr. Robert Silver.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y690LtyjvFc

61.  CANWI Awareness Week Insights Into Commercial Pet Foods Can We Do Better Yes, We Can!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCxpz_q5LR8

62.  Caring for Unadoptable Animals With Florence Thuot (1283492).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkEjWfCYU_Q

63.  Caring for Unadoptable Animals With Florence Thuot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuj8naBRvCw

64.  Cataracts In Your Dog Or Cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyoGoex2SN0

65.  Causes, Symptoms and Treatment of Diarrhea in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUV6MEIzsFk

66.  Changing the Direction of Your Practice WIth Dr. Cecille O'Brien Greenleaf (1497378).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWmQEBRPemA

67.  Changing the Direction of Your Practice WIth Dr. Cecille O'Brien Greenleaf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ReZT93O9jtQ

68.  Chia Chunks Superfood Treats for Your Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8L_6fLBl51g

69.  Chiropractic and Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzFvl4P37ro

70.  Cleaning Your Pet's Indoor Air.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y20Hx9oKr-k

71.  Combining Conventional and Holistic Therapies With Dr. Lenarz (1341457).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P54Z3W7Fy1Y

72.  Combining Conventional and Holistic Therapies With Dr. Lenarz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=845ilPjpnNg

73.  Combining Your Passion and Career With Stephany Smith (1217596).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDZXZftu9a4

74.  Combining Your Passion and Career With Stephany Smith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GG7CdDcuou8

75.  Common Problem of Overweight Cats (Part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1WM6lR-mak

76.  Common Problem of Overweight Cats (Part 2 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMsHioVhuB0

77.  Coprophagia in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_UUc5-WhGF8

78.  Crate Training 101.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYdjWGL2yTA

79.  Creating a Community for Natural Pet Care With April Arguin (1238989).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnnSJGGEhfM

80.  Creating a Community for Natural Pet Care With April Arguin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8g_UzvwbTsY

81.  Dealing with Gallbladder Problems in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrulSN6WWzs

82.  Declawing Your Cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkouFAQziS4

83.  Delicious Doggie Ice Cream.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCWoy912Ss8

84.  Discovering Homeopathy With Dr. Peter Dobias.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1TRjpJN9BY

85.  Discovering New Ways of Healing With Dr. Elizabeth McKinstry (1778573).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LqvgUCH3mdI

86.  Discovering New Ways of Healing With Dr. Elizabeth McKinstry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Mw9PhaX1Cg

87.  Discovering the Importance of Nutrition With Dr. Conor Brady.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpSiV6UwvYo

88.  DIY How to Make a Pet Bed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JH_IjRnv44

89.  DIY How to Make Cat Toys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6MvBJD6qzz8

90.  Dog and Cat Owner's Guide Giardia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfzfWoICzFM

91.  Dr  Becker Discusses Mast Cell Tumors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqLlAX3anfQ

92.  Dr  Becker Discusses MCT Oil.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CLYcc68y5bU

93.  Dr  Becker Discusses Ubiquinol.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dKoCC-y9nM

94.  Dr  Becker Interviews Dr  Jodi Van Tine, Dr  Janice Huntingford and Dr  Nichola spooner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKyND2rcbAQ

95.  Dr  Becker Interviews Dr. Pierson About Feeding Cats with Kidney Disease.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BbwYL-dMl5M

96.  Dr  Becker Talks About Dry Eye (KCS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agDojIG91yw

97.  Dr Becker What You Need to Know About Feline Acne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq7lI3AR3_k

98.  Dr.  Becker Discusses Yeast Infection in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnRLzsr7xm0

99.  Dr.  Becker Talks About Detoxification.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8040s1iAYEQ

100.  Dr. Becker & Dr. Chambreau Talk About Pet Parenting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghfG8ueyRf4

101.  Dr. Becker & Dr. Dodds Discuss Thyroid Disease in Pets (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4WN5ZFP9pUg

102.  Dr. Becker & Dr. Silver on Medical Marijuana for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnJiXH-YK-I

103.  Dr. Becker & Dr. Tiekert at the AHVMA Convention.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9zA2aBaDqRY

104.  Dr. Becker & Jen Ortman on Animal Communication.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_u894Alzjc

105.  Dr. Becker and AHVMF's Fundraising.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8x4-AKRLufI

106.  Dr. Becker and Bill Bookout Talk About Pet Health Supplements.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wtxmd5rudsk

107.  Dr. Becker and Dr.  Fishburn on Holistic Dog Training and Animal Behavior (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fe0ERhS3wC0

108.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Bittel Discuss Hospice Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRLUJYP5pg4

109.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Dodds Discuss the New California Bill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZzmVtfzO08

110.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Dodds Discuss Thyroid Disease in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1FcKMAtu8k

111.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Dodds Talk About Titers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQrh34kHB7s

112.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Fishburn on Holistic Dog Training and Animal Behavior.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cbs-jCyeuEk

113.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Fougere Talk About Plant Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g46Yl0EyvVo

114.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Harman Talk About Holistic Healing for Horses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P-EXaTgA31Y

115.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Klein on Nutrigenomics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LxTf21UQNxg

116.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Loops on Homeopathic Nosodes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icYnXc7wFUo

117.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Martin on Species-Appropriate Nutrition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3r2lWardmX4

118.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Raditic on Pet Nutrition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzEnYGs3F0s

119.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Robb Discuss Over-Vaccination of Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ETpOIriQ4Tc

120.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Roman Discuss Fecal Transplants.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K58VpTSqxTs

121.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Royal on Holistic Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LUcMGeZsoA4

122.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Scanlan on Immuno-Augmentative Therapy for Cancer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqXjbRUV5-A

123.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Shelton Discuss Pet Essential Oils.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycjF9bVk398

124.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Shelton on Essential Oils.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1LNXplmPSDo

125.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Silver on the Quality of Life in Geriatric Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxAqad5qCYw

126.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Stogdale on Pet's Adrenal Gland.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8-F2FOTYC4

127.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Valente Talk About Spaying and Neutering.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-4su_bYVcg

128.  Dr. Becker and Dr. Wagner on Healing Pets with Energy Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUodbz5-gbo

129.  Dr. Becker and Greg Tilfod Discuss Herbal Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0RsSXAD5JCY

130.  Dr. Becker and Jonah Talk About Cat Litter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1nrCUH2ZdAQ

131.  Dr. Becker and Kohl Harrington on Pet Food Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x1NkMY2pvr8

132.  Dr. Becker and Pol Sandro-Yepes on Homemade Dog Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wklIETCsDyI

133.  Dr. Becker and Steve Brown on Raw Food Diet for Pets (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xDK-4lkpR0

134.  Dr. Becker and Steve Brown on Raw Food Diet for Pets (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grGlkNpaq_4

135.  Dr. Becker Are Vaccinations Necessary for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1j4ZGfAJ2Jk

136.  Dr. Becker Blastomycosis Symptoms & Treatment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5MA0Q-rUb4

137.  Dr. Becker Bones and Your Dog (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BicU-ZnU3Vk

138.  Dr. Becker Bones and Your Dog (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VniVuZny4LA

139.  Dr. Becker Causes and Diagnosis of Vaginitis in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eX-wZApR8q8

140.  Dr. Becker Demonstrates How to Make A Bone Broth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lI-vo8td7ME

141.  Dr. Becker Demonstrates Quick Tips for Your New Puppy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqt0dKrEPhk

142.  Dr. Becker Detoxification For Your Pets (Full Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ePgJ_TkBiCc

143.  Dr. Becker Dicusses Horner's Syndrome.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_20WsQ1VqCM

144.  Dr. Becker Discusses Acral Lick Dermatitis in Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhHLOWhAfqg

145.  Dr. Becker Discusses Addison's Disease in Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IFy2WLHT0I

146.  Dr. Becker Discusses Adrenal Gland Cancer in Dogs and Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sjNKnTGoYE

147.  Dr. Becker Discusses Air Purifiers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtFTboC2T0E

148.  Dr. Becker Discusses Anal Gland Cancer in Dogs and Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDuDT15htUU

149.  Dr. Becker Discusses Anemia in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KL4wfmGWnX8

150.  Dr. Becker Discusses Anterior Uveitis in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QG_9p6l5Cz4

151.  Dr. Becker Discusses Anticoagulant Poisoning and Treatment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tlfqykFcoWg

152.  Dr. Becker Discusses Antifreeze Poisoning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4puI0VPpkM

153.  Dr. Becker Discusses Atlantoaxial Instability in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpaIZdJWBgg

154.  Dr. Becker Discusses Basal Cell Tumors in Dogs and Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQa17koE-dE

155.  Dr. Becker Discusses Bile Duct Cancer in Dogs and Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRi59pdDvJA

156.  Dr. Becker Discusses Bladder Support for Aging Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKkSezXOv8g

157.  Dr. Becker Discusses Blindness in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7geUzTvlr0

158.  Dr. Becker Discusses Brain Tumors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYT_4ofv698

159.  Dr. Becker Discusses Canine Babesiosis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSCxznB5Ddg

160.  Dr. Becker Discusses Canine Coronavirus (CCV).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNrI6uWn3Qk

161.  Dr. Becker Discusses Canine Distemper Virus (CDV).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VN1ALKLbt2c

162.  Dr. Becker Discusses Canine Leptospirosis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sp-rK2kQREY

163.  Dr. Becker Discusses Canine Stress Syndrome.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PtA17Q4QACg

164.  Dr. Becker Discusses Cat Pain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G-b-m2kn5g

165.  Dr. Becker Discusses Cataracts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkwdLDb19uQ

166.  Dr. Becker Discusses Chondrosarcoma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47Nr97WdHwE

167.  Dr. Becker Discusses Chronic Kidney Failure in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtO9NewpIHo

168.  Dr. Becker Discusses Colitis in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9XG-vDcX8o

169.  Dr. Becker Discusses Craniomandibular Osteopathy (CMO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYvUJfdr-mQ

170.  Dr. Becker Discusses Diabetes Insipidus or Water Diabetes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Lp80Zy1OgE

171.  Dr. Becker Discusses Digestive Enzymes for Healthy Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZGPHz77rRY

172.  Dr. Becker Discusses Diskospondylitis (DS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEy0QpTgNOk

173.  Dr. Becker Discusses Ear Hematomas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CeKnCqbG8X0

174.  Dr. Becker Discusses Ectopic Ureters.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhP3ceL0fa0

175.  Dr. Becker Discusses Excessive Grooming in Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6AF8sYeyf_4

176.  Dr. Becker Discusses False Pregnancy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJsYWI_p8zY

177.  Dr. Becker Discusses Feline Calicivirus (FCV).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SG2Wv99FoM4

178.  Dr. Becker Discusses Feline Immunodeficiency Virus (FIV).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UW06wBpiaWI

179.  Dr. Becker Discusses Feline Panleukopenia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XLU0YKifjlk

180.  Dr. Becker Discusses Feline Stomatitis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_Lx4fqGAPg

181.  Dr. Becker Discusses Fermented Vegetables for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qozDfTOqpeQ

182.  Dr. Becker Discusses Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9dR-SO73uo

183.  Dr. Becker Discusses Geriatric Dementia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bln953zBi9g

184.  Dr. Becker Discusses Glyphosate Exposure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SjXZnZICSJw

185.  Dr. Becker Discusses Head Pressing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iFv7QlPRaI

186.  Dr. Becker Discusses Hemorrhagic Gastroenteritis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jfShOFQ2q5U

187.  Dr. Becker Discusses Human Medications That Are Toxic to Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_SxLgFNaMP4

188.  Dr. Becker Discusses Hydrocephalus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pj-of3lXjbo

189.  Dr. Becker Discusses Hyperactivity in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQ8TFHWKfaY

190.  Dr. Becker Discusses Hypoparathyroidism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XhAt7rfzHUI

191.  Dr. Becker Discusses Immune-Mediated Thrombocytopenia (IMT).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a1A-kIriGw

192.  Dr. Becker Discusses Important Diagnostic Tests for Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RN-GFCOe1UQ

193.  Dr. Becker Discusses Laryngeal Paralysis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXkV2R_pu4Y

194.  Dr. Becker Discusses Leech Therapy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EMCktNefRo

195.  Dr. Becker Discusses Necrosis of the Femoral Head in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKqYdGXGYe4

196.  Dr. Becker Discusses Neuroendocrine Tumors.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ea_qB8O2O_Q

197.  Dr. Becker Discusses New Joint Support for Older Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5SzEp3DRJc

198.  Dr. Becker Discusses Nuclear Sclerosis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjhYNcQzFVA

199.  Dr. Becker Discusses Osteomyelitis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y68kiFPDHwE

200.  Dr. Becker Discusses Patellar Luxation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnIT2IUdGS0

201.  Dr. Becker Discusses Pet Dehydration.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZLAQ8ByLIs

202.  Dr. Becker Discusses Pet Detoxification.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUHtlRT3AnY

203.  Dr. Becker Discusses Pet Diarrhea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQSmltTAJig

204.  Dr. Becker Discusses Pyloric Stenosis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIcBsGP5m9A

205.  Dr. Becker Discusses Pyometra or Uterine Disease.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCq-lFW8ljg

206.  Dr. Becker Discusses Raw Food Diet (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qx2YIIpF4cc

207.  Dr. Becker Discusses Raw Food Diet (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJPToVsJj-c

208.  Dr. Becker Discusses Raw Food Diet (Part 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pn1F7AsmEkw

209.  Dr. Becker Discusses Reverse Sneezing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-akZHoQZWM

210.  Dr. Becker Discusses Saddle Thrombus in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lgP-m6nxAI

211.  Dr. Becker Discusses Seasonal Support For Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5t9PiyEfB8

212.  Dr. Becker Discusses Struvite Stones and Crystals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UblKZ3i15_M

213.  Dr. Becker Discusses the Benefits of Bacteriophages in Pet Food (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VhKdl4GLX-4

214.  Dr. Becker Discusses the Benefits of Bacteriophages in Pet Food.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-CRusRhuRY

215.  Dr. Becker Discusses the Dangers of Scented Candles and Plug-ins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lM0GNEy0Q30

216.  Dr. Becker Discusses the Different Types of Arthritis in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjHrcMEWCsA

217.  Dr. Becker Discusses The Mistreatment of Galgos with Yeray Lopez.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDzagqBFaLc

218.  Dr. Becker Discusses the Rabies Virus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGu5Y927tNE

219.  Dr. Becker Discusses Tick Bite Paralysis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57KwW6-AEc8

220.  Dr. Becker Discusses Tick-Borne Diseases in Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pj25VzWwlb8

221.  Dr. Becker Discusses Ubiquinol for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4539Jg8Bgg

222.  Dr. Becker Discusses What to Look for in a Curcumin Supplement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DEXTPC115TQ

223.  Dr. Becker Discusses What to Look for in a Joint Support Supplement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfp8wq1Gzc4

224.  Dr. Becker Discusses What to Look for in a Pet Bed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpss1hMcuZE

225.  Dr. Becker Discusses Why Dogs Stink.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5Jsvld_IE4

226.  Dr. Becker Discusses Your Pet's Immune System.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJHEn32ml1o

227.  Dr. Becker Explains Copper Storage Disease.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7Kd-o2a-m0

228.  Dr. Becker Explains How to Use the Tick Stick Removal Tool.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3oKCYDNSYcg

229.  Dr. Becker Explains Struvite Stones.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4D5AHa4_mI

230.  Dr. Becker Explains the Benefits of Herbal Pest Repellents for Your Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sloaP1LXiO0

231.  Dr. Becker Explains What to Look for in a Pet Probiotics Supplement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QviNbpTOTI

232.  Dr. Becker Explains What to Look for in a Sunscreen for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3QJvakaBOow

233.  Dr. Becker Four Housetraining Rules for Any Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgsy9OzOYcI

234.  Dr. Becker Highlighting the Healer Series.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ii_ZMzISjEQ

235.  Dr. Becker How Do You Bathe Your Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1d4vjZnlybw

236.  Dr. Becker How Is Chagas Disease Transmitted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVS0GsYlZj8

237.  Dr. Becker How Mitral Valve Disease Develops.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZrvg8TCCT0

238.  Dr. Becker How to Brush A Cat's Teeth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LWAfeZYuhL0

239.  Dr. Becker How to Make Green Chicken Crumpets (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irzjWqIZS0U

240.  Dr. Becker How to Make Green Chicken Crumpets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opbhK1QtAyg

241.  Dr. Becker How to Treat Allergies in Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6s3DVkDhBXw

242.  Dr. Becker Interviews Alison Holloran.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aqltKdlC6rs

243.  Dr. Becker Interviews Amanda Jo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p92d31R4YaU

244.  Dr. Becker Interviews Anna Bjorkman About Cancer-Sniffing Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VnegSVu86Y

245.  Dr. Becker Interviews Anna Bjorkman About the DogRisk Program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NL4IBn5K6CM

246.  Dr. Becker Interviews Anna Bjorkman About the Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R6bqaXG2CAY

247.  Dr. Becker Interviews Barbara Royal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uf7qi15UbGY

248.  Dr. Becker Interviews Caroline Ingraham on Animal Self-Medication.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaMetPhueHs

249.  Dr. Becker Interviews Debi Famelos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQ6EqRbvzSI

250.  Dr. Becker Interviews Denise Sanders.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44ZrBFzvGKg

251.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Artur Vasconcelos About Leishmaniasis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IVa2aCNLk_c

252.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Bartges About Optimizing Feline Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ntes1OxvnAY

253.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Becca Klobuchar (1936054).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DxtAi4afcM0

254.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Becca Klobuchar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qd81O9_7WNI

255.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Billinghurst on His New Book 'Pointing the Bone at Cancer'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0lIfGZuPQ0

256.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Cameron About Vitamin K.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFHHYfYs4i4

257.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Conway.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09WX-IWKhUQ

258.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Dodds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jD1WdXctmi4

259.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Donna Kelleher (1487076).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3RsjboKVYkU

260.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Donna Kelleher.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDOOVyjUsDg

261.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Erin Bannink and Dr. Richard Palmquist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hql3NGTa37k

262.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Froehlich, Dr. Nard, and Dr. Shoemaker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXDAG0csrp4

263.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Gary Richter, Dr. Joanna Milan and Dr. Alexia Tsakiris.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olpkD4IzUWc

264.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Hanna Sinkko About Optimizing Gut Microbiota of Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJTAuSfPdmc

265.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Hofve About Addressing Microcirculation Issues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFepbrAQmSQ

266.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Hofve About Declawing Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLwOFWuglH8

267.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Hofve About Paleo Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z64Pdzfhvls

268.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jaime Gonzalez (1398680).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_HipiAYk6c

269.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jaime Gonzalez.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLO7fGPXrkw

270.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jean Dodds (Part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcjDMv985l8

271.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jean Dodds (Part 2 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AVGyS8irago

272.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jean Dodds About Pet Thyroid Issues.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZb5vM6PWL4

273.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jean Dodds and Dr. PJ Broadfoot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SefGLt0k6Qo

274.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jeff Feinman (1523340).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OjQSWrbNuDM

275.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jeff Feinman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zOrP-44U_4c

276.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Johanna Anturaniemi About DogRisk’s Research Efforts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAQblHefWes

277.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Jordan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mX13lhIBnec

278.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Juriga about Pet's Dental Procedures.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gwf62giUNbc

279.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Kim Henneman (1223184).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4uZJjJEK0w

280.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Kim Henneman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5RiRtaJkRc

281.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Knueven.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQAAtBEo8fc

282.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Koski About Feline Behavior.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hycJpQdsokk

283.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Lawman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uy1_hhPKfX4

284.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Liza Schneider and Dr. Cynthia Lankenau.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JUhRJOuzk5E

285.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Marc Smith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9x2Vjx_nxk

286.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Memon About Integrative Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyxKUIRZsbo

287.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Michael W. Fox (Part 1 of 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkLKfYCuRR4

288.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Michael W. Fox (Part 2 of 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a2J_9Vr1NE

289.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Michael W. Fox (Part 3 of 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nRTlyj-qRQ

290.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Michael W. Fox.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHNxSz_nM3g

291.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Nick Thompson (1726011).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HJ-SN6k_970

292.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Nick Thompson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvZmasWGJPI

293.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Pierson About Cat Health and Nutrition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4UkGcOz87s

294.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Pitcairn About Homeopathy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSKO_Q_zJu0

295.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Raditic about CANWI.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ampBfYb0ts

296.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Roman about Ozone and Hyperbaric Treatments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WUkeNbA1hY

297.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Royal (1674360).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4AxxNam2SM

298.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Royal About Her New Book.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZRXM3ubIj8

299.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Royal, Dr. Kneuven, & Dr. Broadfoot.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqmAZ5Maesk

300.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Royal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mW-vcbayYXU

301.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Scanlan of AHVMF.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dVCgZBquvWQ

302.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Scanlan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8XEROXPwbKg

303.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Schultz About Vaccines (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oroUkSsZ8-s

304.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Schultz About Vaccines (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tghhWzD0ym8

305.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Shoemaker About Flower Essences.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiKL4Maio2U

306.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Silver about Medical Marijuana.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uW-Nwo1uxps

307.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Steve Marsden, Dr. Tanya Grantham and Dr. Neal Sivula.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKavr7XuZLs

308.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Susan Wagner and Dr. Joyce Harman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ig0OoLrACUc

309.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Turesky.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5uUJ1ssPmU

310.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Yarnall About CBD-Rich Hemp Oil for Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkwD5zJX2ws

311.  Dr. Becker Interviews Dr. Yin About Behavior Therapy for Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8IijNidOAuc

312.  Dr. Becker Interviews Elizabeth Miller Holistic Dog Boarding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3CPIvzAUiI

313.  Dr. Becker Interviews Experts on Their Top Tips for National Dog Day.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6R0enE14nJI

314.  Dr. Becker Interviews Gus Ray About Affordable Diabetes Testing for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hthDG_l02eM

315.  Dr. Becker Interviews Jocelyn Pratt of BRVBB.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEsten0xXmQ

316.  Dr. Becker Interviews Jonathan Rudinger About Pet Massage.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8hUA2OsNj4

317.  Dr. Becker Interviews Kai Williams.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QeT7w2uVw50

318.  Dr. Becker Interviews Lara Joseph on Raising Deaf Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWmyXlvmeow

319.  Dr. Becker Interviews Melissa Gardner on Raisin Toxicity.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6Qjd8hgAtI

320.  Dr. Becker Interviews Monica Frenden of Austin Pets Alive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLmrCNFXq4M

321.  Dr. Becker Interviews Rebecca McConnico on Integrative Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TK38ndjNkKs

322.  Dr. Becker Interviews Robin Moore About Metabolomics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ESZoGPsXhDQ

323.  Dr. Becker Interviews Ronnie Cummins.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ro6u3hBE99U

324.  Dr. Becker Interviews Roxanne Stone About Fermented Foods for Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7PXULsBq5I

325.  Dr. Becker Interviews Shelly Roche (1744358).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPyICZF37BQ

326.  Dr. Becker Interviews Shelly Roche.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yWPd7-mspg

327.  Dr. Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote (Part 1 of 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99PYGMoVm_c

328.  Dr. Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote (Part 2 of 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBDIGb0mRtM

329.  Dr. Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote (Part 3 of 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZRD563bMWs

330.  Dr. Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote (Part 4 of 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiIdFTZmW20

331.  Dr. Becker Interviews the Founder of DC Shiba Inu Rescue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lugJssLK1So

332.  Dr. Becker Interviews Tracy Dion About Transitioning Cats to a Raw Food Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5UoSTAj-5c

333.  Dr. Becker Introduces the New Cat Scratcher Lounger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8QhtyeE7Ng

334.  Dr. Becker Introduces the New Cat Shampoo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exd-v8M2U0U

335.  Dr. Becker Invites You to Join Her Winding Down  Webinar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-notB4K-O88

336.  Dr. Becker Invites You to Support DogRisk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HL3S1FVJZRs

337.  Dr. Becker It's Never Too Late to Improve Your Pet's Health!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xbt7sL31PYc

338.  Dr. Becker It's Snowball the Dancing Cockatoo!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHAWrGOeUik

339.  Dr. Becker Know Your Pet's Nose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YtgnaW-C8XY

340.  Dr. Becker MasterChops Interviews.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_bA9HGJAkU

341.  Dr. Becker on Aspiration Pneumonia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xT0JLuapNrs

342.  Dr. Becker on Bacterial and Fungal Pneumonia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIv6RFGJRdo

343.  Dr. Becker on Brown Recluse & Black Widow Spider Bites.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nagaf2ZjV7w

344.  Dr. Becker on Corneal Ulcers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z4uX2gmA2JA

345.  Dr. Becker on Cryptococcal Infection.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTKKJNu4knU

346.  Dr. Becker on Cushing's Disease (Part 1 of 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vByprTTj1c

347.  Dr. Becker on Cushing's Disease (Part 2 of 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9uysqi5eao

348.  Dr. Becker on Cushing's Disease (Part 3 of 3).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsrJY5VKVBo

349.  Dr. Becker on Feeding Pets a Vegan or Vegetarian Diet (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I33eSG731g4

350.  Dr. Becker on Feeding Pets a Vegan or Vegetarian Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlN7LDMTjn0

351.  Dr. Becker on Feline Hyperesthesia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5QZ7wxtlZG4

352.  Dr. Becker on Giving Your Dog a Bath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ronOj53K_GQ

353.  Dr. Becker on Intervertebral Disc Disease (IVDD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKdzVL9XDSo

354.  Dr. Becker on Pet Asthma Symptoms, Causes, and Triggers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HQuZV8EZVM8

355.  Dr. Becker on Symptoms and Causes of Cholangiohepatitis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M-zJU9OY48s

356.  Dr. Becker on Toxoplasmosis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=us_13Rhpfu8

357.  Dr. Becker on Trimming Your Dog's Nails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7mlFsHho3c

358.  Dr. Becker on Von Willebrand Disease.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUIhQoeEqcg

359.  Dr. Becker Shares Her Updated List of Best and Worst Pet Foods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v0lFwdNm_Go

360.  Dr. Becker Should You Detox Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbf2tJkgeAI

361.  Dr. Becker Should You Shave Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_UyiRUi5QA

362.  Dr. Becker Speaks about AHVMF Fund-Raising.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPRMA3phqP0

363.  Dr. Becker Speaks About GME in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mc2MrhIhsNA

364.  Dr. Becker Speaks with Dr. Raditic About Integrative Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7nP4dYYJcc

365.  Dr. Becker Talks About Anemia in Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHnt5UQrnEw

366.  Dr. Becker Talks About Cat Vomiting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxI3ZiHej_c

367.  Dr. Becker Talks About Chronic Bronchitis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8WSo2W3PPo

368.  Dr. Becker Talks About Cryptosporidiosis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gvd4r_XI7E

369.  Dr. Becker Talks About Demodectic Mange in Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2b-8X0H8_c

370.  Dr. Becker Talks About Encephalitis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2SQ_e9Z7Us

371.  Dr. Becker Talks About Feline Bartonellosis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMQl9kkPi00

372.  Dr. Becker Talks About Feline Infectious Peritonitis (FIP).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R680aStiZB0

373.  Dr. Becker Talks About Feline Leukemia Virus (FeLV).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2d_QcA_1bo

374.  Dr. Becker Talks About Grounding for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDxJvaCUrjI

375.  Dr. Becker Talks About Lungworm Infection in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oW8sTyklWJo

376.  Dr. Becker Talks About Lymphangiectasia.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzF0Zl51nyk

377.  Dr. Becker Talks About Osteosarcoma in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5A2vRNz2Q4c

378.  Dr. Becker Talks About Pet Food with Dr. Bartges.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeuPWi1RIlM

379.  Dr. Becker Talks About Pet's Ear Inflammation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyKag8-EeGY

380.  Dr. Becker Talks About Pyothorax.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WCR3FiHKrls

381.  Dr. Becker Talks About Raising Healthy Chickens with Grover Stock.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rZhNGH6a838

382.  Dr. Becker Talks About Sprouts for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zMELXA7l0rI

383.  Dr. Becker Talks About Tail Injuries.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jGIbitBmDqE

384.  Dr. Becker Talks About Ubiquinol (Social).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gH1L7rU5pCQ

385.  Dr. Becker Talks About Your Dog's Tongue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uP0U3fiuYDg

386.  Dr. Becker The Real Story of Ava.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EYACmwE60ws

387.  Dr. Becker The Truth About Spaying and Neutering.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enPCZA1WFKY

388.  Dr. Becker Vomiting vs Regurgitating.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEMkhjTW7dc

389.  Dr. Becker What Are the Causes of Gastric Ulcers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5orXRdP8wfg

390.  Dr. Becker What Is Botulism and How to Treat It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsOTyj4IBOA

391.  Dr. Becker What Is Chocolate Toxicosis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCVOzoBsfMA

392.  Dr. Becker What Is Chronic Active Hepatitis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ya3jkin7sy4

393.  Dr. Becker What Is Chronic Ulcerative Periodontal Stomatitis (CUPS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqbreMlMHGA

394.  Dr. Becker What Is Entropion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWcRZyuhwag

395.  Dr. Becker What is Fibrocartilaginous Embolism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2i_u6o91aQ

396.  Dr. Becker What Is Infectious Canine Hepatitis (ICH).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EUho9AHPQg

397.  Dr. Becker What is Perianal Fistula.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XULStUb-uMs

398.  Dr. Becker What to do if You Find a Baby Animal in the Wild.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WOcciHsAorI

399.  Dr. Becker When to Remove Lumps and Bumps.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vL5-DsOQtBg

400.  Dr. Becker Why Use Coconut Oil for Skin Treatment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCC3opz7LWo

401.  Dr. Becker's 5 Tips for Selecting Pet Treats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-28l29cGj0E

402.  Dr. Becker's Cube Steak Biscotti A Treat for Your Pets (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gLdrfNhOw4

403.  Dr. Becker's Cube Steak Biscotti A Treat for Your Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vth9XaD9FR0

404.  Dr. Becker's Facebook Live Presentation on Fleas, Ticks and Allergies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMWxVG3jAno

405.  Dr. Becker's First Facebook Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4CzQtc2i1g

406.  Dr. Becker's Highlighting the Healer Series AHVMA Conference.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCmxPiMUgk4

407.  Dr. Becker's Highlighting the Healers AHVMA Conference (1522480).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kunZpPH4Pg

408.  Dr. Becker's Highlighting the Healers AHVMA Conference.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3WD3aFSs7o

409.  Dr. Becker's Holistic Tips for Pet Allergies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OP2gGwhFe0c

410.  Dr. Becker's Journey to Becoming a Holistic Vet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wl6IH1bDGaA

411.  Dr. Becker's Pet Treat Bone Broth Popsicles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YMojliYyADs

412.  Dr. Becker's Three Pillars of Health for Pets Webinar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-DWdRqO9jU

413.  Dr. Becker's Winding Down Webinar (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOe543SYxuQ

414.  Dr. Becker's Winding Down Webinar (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckavP83vC_0

415.  Dr. Becker, Dr. Raditic, and Dr. Conway on Integrative Veterinary Medicine (Part 1).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AxCdysiXv0

416.  Dr. Becker, Dr. Raditic, and Dr. Conway on Integrative Veterinary Medicine (Part 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a-EpB4idGsU

417.  Dr. John Robb Update on Protect the Pets Movement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NvuKYx3G0EA

418.  Dr. Karen Becker and Barbara Royal Discuss AHVMA.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BF-yrPPnfxo

419.  Dr. Karen Becker and Clint Ober Discuss Grounding.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xjDJ3IcQ5o

420.  Dr. Karen Becker and Dr. Mercola on Pet Health (part 2 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-qLGKeXoKg

421.  Dr. Karen Becker and Dr. Ronald Schultz on Pet Vaccines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1Xd5ghnlJ4

422.  Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Arsenic Poisoning.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9zjXP57FSM

423.  Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Brachial Plexus Avulsion.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AOFaYJrdeHc

424.  Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Curcumin for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HvV3APU3f58

425.  Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Cushing's Disease.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdx9zI40YSs

426.  Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Dietary Fiber.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mlVg5q7iDU

427.  Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Incontinence in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fr32B8w2HyU

428.  Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Megacolon.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nltH9RIcMhQ

429.  Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Reverse Sneezing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puFXxq2Z7Bs

430.  Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Turmeric.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkCz2MR-k_Q

431.  Dr. Karen Becker Discusses Yeast in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVPSQdBfsaM

432.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Alice Villalobos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qklFTn_CQqo

433.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Allen Schoen (Part 12).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6yKbgdjTPk

434.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Allen Schoen (Part 22).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_O8WSysOdA

435.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Allen Schoen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JO8RsejiuOY

436.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Betsy Hershey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4UMuJ_vS2k

437.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Hubert Karreman.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ydv8OfrRj4

438.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Jean Dodds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUUcKphbfa4

439.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Mercola (part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxQK6Z7odgA

440.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Michelle Kutzler.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJL42MtHwmE

441.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Schultz (Part 1 of 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xC--bGthNN8

442.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Schultz (Part 2 of 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_Zvg8tIxeY

443.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Schultz (Part 3 of 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fc-6exZcbJ4

444.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Dr. Schultz (Part 4 of 4).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdPhj8Vq9ck

445.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Jackson Galaxy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifiEPhU1kPU

446.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Jerry Brunetti.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BxjgsPv4eQU

447.  Dr. Karen Becker interviews Melissa Shelton, DVM..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jj827fDbpB8

448.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Rachel McPherson.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WoOM6jMT9j0

449.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote - Part 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rU7fTMyVjvc

450.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote - Part 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1evZ25u26Mo

451.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote - Part 3.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y50slFySq_k

452.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Ted Kerasote.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L6ZBvLU8oSw

453.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews the Authors of Dogs In Vests.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOgt6v9qdXU

454.  Dr. Karen Becker Interviews Wayne Cavanaugh.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQApjw8bP1w

455.  Dr. Karen Becker On AHVMF's Be One in a Million Campaign.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPkl-TWQ8kY

456.  Dr. Marc Smith on Adapting to Provide Better Veterinary Care.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WyKhfS3aoPM

457.  Dr. Mercola Discusses Cancer in Pets with Dr. Becker and Rodney Habib.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5AK1UXQoEHE

458.  Dr. Mercola Interviews Dr. Karen Becker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7zpRW2f-xk

459.  Dr. Richard Patton’s Views on Animal Nutrition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vFN3i4Ne-cg

460.  Dr. Steve Marsden Shares His Story on How He Became an Integrative Veterinarian.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=URyAN8V5vZA

461.  Dr. Sylvia Angelico and the Importance of a Fresh Food Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86gAKclT8Ew

462.  Dr. Tanya Grantham on the Importance of Alternative Veterinary Treatments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5139-26H_o

463.  Dysbiosis and Leaky Gut.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8MGJu2kDwI

464.  Ear Hematomas (Aural Hematomas).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fq83KcaGgNA

465.  Easy DIY Toys for Your Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hwgdp9cOgjQ

466.  Educating Pet Parents on the Importance of Nutrition (1391230).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JAXj2Umeko

467.  Educating Pet Parents on the Importance of Nutrition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jjCXx8cjMU

468.  Educating the Public About Puppy Mills With Rudi Taylor (1188886).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNxdvHzX1yM

469.  Educating the Public About Puppy Mills With Rudi Taylor.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OFrria_j_wA

470.  Elbow Dysplasia in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjITYgIbej0

471.  Emphasizing the Importance of Nutrition With Monica Gonzalez Tovar (1422452).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SLjdqLfdYU8

472.  Emphasizing the Importance of Nutrition With Monica Gonzalez Tovar.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZ_3EWf_SgU

473.  Essential Fatty Acids for Your Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTB_ZvDS1BY

474.  Essential Oils for Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvJ3iWrhiL4

475.  Everything you Need to Know About Canine Warts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J_7XWzbFOsU

476.  Examining Your Pet at Home.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kz3gfArotM0

477.  Exocrine Pancreatic Insufficiency (EPI) in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TWH3XfvMMCc

478.  Expanding Into Holistic Practice With Dr. Anna Maria Wolf (1135071).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvUFQEQLoFc

479.  Expanding Into Holistic Practice With Dr. Anna Maria Wolf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFX8W30oUWc

480.  Expanding Your Natural Healing Methods With Dr. Laurel Davis (1470844).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTIqBFD9M3c

481.  Expanding Your Natural Healing Methods With Dr. Laurel Davis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PuvnHkaL1K4

482.  Eye Infections in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OXaaF_ulyY

483.  Eye Infections QUICK TIPS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-EFKc-VGJEg

484.  Feline Cardiomyopathy in Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr-jEsY_bUE

485.  Feline Chronic Kidney Disease in Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3qeRtfeckU

486.  Feline Constipation Symptoms & Treatment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thN_D5Kg_T8

487.  Feline Hepatic Lipidosis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pqi8ibxYrYY

488.  Feline Hyperthyroidism.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3RaoQIuYas

489.  Feline Stomatitis - Inflammation In The Mouth.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0mHCbFekyc

490.  Filling in the Gaps in Veterinary Modality With Dr. Christin Finn (1705618).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xG5CL4ViGyc

491.  Filling in the Gaps in Veterinary Modality With Dr. Christin Finn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3KNBL7m9vdg

492.  Finding Your Passion for Rescuing With Marilyn Suss (1866522).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qe1Q5Tz5IWU

493.  Finding Your Passion for Rescuing With Marilyn Suss.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANE21aERkj8

494.  Fish as a Protein Source in Pet Foods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1HqviFeWWo

495.  Focusing on a Rescue Niche With Jeanmarie Schiller-McGinnis (1265260).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IpQfxLdXMX4

496.  Focusing on a Rescue Niche With Jeanmarie Schiller-McGinnis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dm2f4VcMnXA

497.  Focusing on Rescuing the Shar Pei With Sue Allan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxNlrbD-xJw

498.  Focusing on Rescuing the Shar-Pei With Sue Allan.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQJT13xfh28

499.  Following Your Calling WIth Dr. Michelle Simoes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DubPL7SP9E

500.  Following Your Curiosity With Dr. Will Falconer (1443076).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KV3I4lvsJc

501.  Following Your Curiosity With Dr. Will Falconer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_zvwK1ccpM

502.  Following Your Passion for Animals With Eva Servais (1728379).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J-2iW_rI6xA

503.  Following Your Passion for Animals With Eva Servais.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJT8RoyIiWE

504.  Following Your Passion for Animals With Jennifer Harmel (1532912).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4phz7k_qx4

505.  Following Your Passion for Animals With Jennifer Harmel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AHSHeFs3ht8

506.  Following Your Passion for Animals With Sarah Lauch Teaser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GW70XpZaKAM

507.  Following Your Passion for Animals With Sarah Lauch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gn8FA2hAJ34

508.  Food Allergies and Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUxeKEqJkjg

509.  Four Factors for a Healthy Frame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBcCa-kM9xE

510.  Frozen Banana Basil Towers for Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDtaS4M-Q9E

511.  Frozen Coconut Oil and Berry Treats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89rd7iMmEZ0

512.  Frozen Watermelon Treats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8s6F27QSvI

513.  FSMA Affects the Raw Pet Food Industry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1J12b9_H5w

514.  Getting Your Cat to Eat Healthier Food (Part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPpNQs17k70

515.  Getting Your Cat to Eat Healthier Food (Part 2 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdTzkQLcQXg

516.  Give Your Pet These Tasty Sardine Treats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YUkxZF2o98

517.  Giving a Dog a Bath QUICK TIPS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnk6ONV_G1Y

518.  Giving a Second Chance for Pit Bulls With Jason Flatt (1086810).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNfIcWQcVd4

519.  Giving a Second Chance for Pit Bulls With Jason Flatt.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYibwFEQ2iw

520.  Giving Greyhounds a Second Chance With Sonia Stratemann (1542585).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAbI7-db4Kk

521.  Giving Greyhounds a Second Chance With Sonia Stratemann.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gn3ItOAYPQ

522.  Giving Senior Animals a Chance With Michele Allen (1686045).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqTROl6EeWQ

523.  Giving Senior Animals a Chance With Michele Allen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_u-Wg8LA98

524.  Giving Your Dog a Foot Bath.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zb3bi-FQL2o

525.  Glaucoma in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG_w898ob8g

526.  Going Deeper Than Surface Healing With Shanti Zinzi (1470367).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAneXNEwZLA

527.  Going Deeper Than Surface Healing With Shanti Zinzi.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1NVs-RVB8E

528.  Growing Your Animal Rescue Program With Nana Doodle (1376258).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxD5EOZ2kgM

529.  Growing Your Animal Rescue Program With Nana Doodle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpccLMAZa9o

530.  Growing Your Own Practice With Dr. Danielle Rowe (1453089).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mk3jXS59hEE

531.  Growing Your Own Practice With Dr. Danielle Rowe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eB8gTPpVxTk

532.  Gut Health QUICK TIPS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B25otgQHYBk

533.  Halloween Costumes Your Pet Won't Hate.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq6puUFPUxE

534.  Halloween Treat for Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFS3ddbmRAQ

535.  Healing Humans and Animals With Tammy Brzezniak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ut5oc3zy6RY

536.  Healthy Cortisol Levels and Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CAtSzkMFHA0

537.  Healthy Exercise Tips for Your Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfW7COQUej8

538.  Heart Disease Dilated Cardiomyopathy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nurwfWLQwVI

539.  Heartworm Infection in Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mn7rer5tqEY

540.  Heat Kills Why You Should Never Leave Your Pet Inside a Car.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=digur3NLfYs

541.  Helping Animals Through the Little Things With Dr. Julie Buzby (1538341).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AdtdENopr3Y

542.  Helping Animals Through the Little Things With Dr. Julie Buzby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRYKrSg5N5w

543.  Helping Disabled Animals With Erin Kowalski (1728012).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vwil1aEdv7g

544.  Helping Disabled Animals With Erin Kowalski.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLxnrioL-TA

545.  Helping Feed the Pets Through Food Banks With Eileen Lambert (1933386).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kXQHF2-ESM

546.  Helping Feed the Pets Through Food Banks With Eileen Lambert.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2dHVtyIe3w

547.  Helping the Local Cat Population With Mari Carmen Cobo (1458098).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cwtlpNN-F0

548.  Helping the Local Cat Population With Mari Carmen Cobo.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPuzYk4QKX0

549.  High Heat Processing Creates High Levels of AGEs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR7_Yjm3msM

550.  High Pressure Pasteurization (HPP) Foods.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqgdC5nLqrc

551.  Highlighting the Healer Dr. Becker Interviews Holistic Veterinarians.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtdHuo2klsE

552.  Holiday Meat Loaf.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hs3VcwmRr_A

553.  Holistic Veterinary Care Discussion With Dr. Mercola, Dr. Becker and Dr. Barbara Royal.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=58mOkS0347I

554.  Household Plants that are Toxic to Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XXIW5PIs3kQ

555.  How Fecal Transplant Saves Puppy's Life From Parvovirus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=roG1YnkKgM4

556.  How to Break up a Dog Fight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFxUoD07QLY

557.  How to Care for Your Cat, From Kittenhood to Old Age.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fkjsn4pyWtM

558.  How to Choose a Winter Coat For Your Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fb0GAmNgI7w

559.  How to Cure Itchy and Irritated Paws.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E9On7N-zQ48

560.  How to Detox Your Pets from Summer Chemicals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JflAr8mrkqc

561.  How to Give Your Cat a Pill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQlZg7S7Oh8

562.  How to Handle the Problem of Doggy Diarrhea.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W7M2UKDGuKg

563.  How to Make Doggie Deviled Eggs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3EoZvXlqrY8

564.  How to Make Sardine Crisps for Your Kitties.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcc9MIF3A4U

565.  How to Measure Your Dog for a Cold Weather Jacket.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJFsQpYUPAM

566.  How to Pick Up a Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EkX0MdrxM6g

567.  How to Treat Dog Hot Spots.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVQWqH1IvME

568.  How to Use Baking Soda for Your Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTDL_ErlF7Y

569.  Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) in Pets (1245694).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v55lQ_HUrS8

570.  Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9ap104BZzo

571.  Introducing Dr. Becker's Pet Astaxanthin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7gGx7zOe64

572.  Is Your Bird Deficient in this Vital Nutrient.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laEmPyBJuzU

573.  It's Never Too Late to Improve Your Pet's Health (part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xqs7VGz7zws

574.  It's Never Too Late to Improve Your Pet's Health (part 2 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ib7nZfMWmiY

575.  It's Never Too Late to Improve Your Pet's Health.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4NlYK6e7HE

576.  Itchy Paws QUICK TIPS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=deygcDnwc7g

577.  Jocelyn Pratt on How Dogs Can Save Other Fellow Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBtUgc3VO0U

578.  Joint Formula for Dogs with Glucosamine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stQvtQtEZM8

579.  Keeping an Open Mind With Dr. Allison Bartel (1822319).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaoFmSdZZss

580.  Keeping an Open Mind With Dr. Allison Bartel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8n3yqlvddz0

581.  Kennel Cough in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUG_awNY9V0

582.  Kennel Cough Symptoms and Treatment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rA-l0y6if1g

583.  Kitty Nutrition.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1Jfk4wMp_g

584.  Layered Doggie Ice Cream Bites.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvoOvAQSIMc

585.  Live Webinar With Dr. Karen Becker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ua75XUbdl3Q

586.  Loathsome Species The Virginia Opossum.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--NhXqNYfXw

587.  Low Carb Grain Free Diet for Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVIqDg8c47g

588.  Lyme Disease in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UgiTnBlmp28

589.  Maintaining Eyesight Is Key to Your Pet's Enjoyment to Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jBIzGMyXeq0

590.  Making Your Own Decisions in Your Private Practice With Dr. John Robb (1256270).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PlO-ZKQIhjc

591.  Making Your Own Decisions in Your Private Practice With Dr. John Robb.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmCzMBmcD6Q

592.  Mange in Dogs - Symptoms and Treatment.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0z025oeqQSI

593.  Mast Cell Tumors in Dogs and Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZTatZ_1dAM

594.  Megaesophagus in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3riLt6CscP0

595.  Mercola Healthy Pets 21st Anniversary Dogs of the World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DU4j51EoeB4

596.  Mercola Pet Quote of the Day Adopt Shelter Animals.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2JKR_Kwjc8

597.  Mercola Pet Quote of the Day Beautiful Creation.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MMwMAL1gPb4

598.  Mercola Pet Quote of the Day Don't Drink and Drive.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCE0afEPI_8

599.  Mercola Pet Quote of the Day Rainbow Bridge.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IP_VtMZ-UO8

600.  Mercola Pet Quote of the Day The Only Touch.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RagGiQKJ2-M

601.  Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (MRSA).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTyJuLGgKRc

602.  Microchips in Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bLlKj70X2-k

603.  My Top 4 Pet Diet Recommendations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypFXskcxy10

604.  Natural Coat Freshener for Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBt8Sq4SuwU

605.  Niki Tudge Explains Force-Free Dog Training.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfhNW260oiQ

606.  Novel Protein Diets for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l0-9JxN-gZ4

607.  Nutritional Wisdom in Animals With Dr. Fred Provenza.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsWVZEXMzDA

608.  Nutritious Chewy Cubes Recipe for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NTFciNaA7ZE

609.  Offering Multifaceted Animal Care and Rescue With Olivia Schneider (1979874).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZjNrEQMhm4

610.  Offering Multifaceted Animal Care and Rescue With Olivia Schneider.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hm7Cqkv_hho

611.  Opening Your Mind to Other Healing Modalities With Dr. Zoran Jankovic (1321666).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=75V_hEeJbVk

612.  Opening Your Mind to Other Healing Modalities With Dr. Zoran Jankovic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Az4yvRsGR24

613.  Overcoming Children's Fear of Dogs With Stefani Cohen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dij_HjE7x2U

614.  Overcoming Setbacks and Finding Purpose With Bobby Humphreys (1426285).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDaL_dZQzL8

615.  Overcoming Setbacks and Finding Purpose With Bobby Humphreys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9memknNYu0

616.  Ozone Therapy in Animals With Jonathan Lowe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WsdNHLFCASw

617.  Parsley Liver Cubes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJyJGCngjVA

618.  Pet Adoption Tips by Dr. Becker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cDXlaD-_oI

619.  Pet Diabetes Symptoms (Part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mdeg_M1mn4

620.  Pet Diabetes Symptoms (Part 2 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWOP5Jj8wB8

621.  Pet Environmental Allergies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=imV6B4PfWHg

622.  Pet Heart Health - Canine & Feline Heart Disease.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=61JQRckyAfs

623.  Pet Pancreatitis and How to Avoid it.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AqA8n0fAtk

624.  Pet Parents at Mercola.com.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBVhBNjHW-c

625.  Pet Parents Can Help Initiate a Paradigm Shift in Veterinary Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cb5-0cVDcXI

626.  Pet Toxicosis (Part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUWA-2CQH4c

627.  Pet Toxicosis (Part 2 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uIXlZsMa0xg

628.  Pet's Probiotics and Intestinal Health.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4DtvCChVrg

629.  Pet's Urine PH and Bladder Health.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAy_KKRzJjo

630.  Please Donate to the AHVMA!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xB4dTO2JduI

631.  Pork Pull Aparts Grain-Free Soft Pet Treats for Dogs and Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9Yy7qupyKs

632.  Potential Causes for Your Cat’s Chronic Vomiting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5JX8q4yWlc

633.  Potentially Toxic FleaTick Products for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAeMjYCuxuE

634.  Protecting Your Dog From Tick-Borne Diseases.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1E8wlNM35g

635.  Providing Equipment for Animals With Debra Jo Chiapuzio (1028220).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3TEYDoNYv2o

636.  Providing Equipment for Animals With Debra Jo Chiapuzio.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEYyUQHYYdQ

637.  Providing Veterinary Services to the Community With Romaine Kobilsek (1235247).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMyCzMq7cc0

638.  Providing Veterinary Services to the Community With Romaine Kobilsek.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5UDx0_Puu0

639.  Psychogenic Alopecia in Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zBLGU1Vfg4Q

640.  Pumpkin Almond Cookies for Your Pet!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpaHiE0V7QI

641.  Quick Tips in Managing Pet Allergies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4A6MrDhHUOw

642.  Raising Animal Awareness in Lebanon With Dr. Myra Tabet (1195897).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyuhRlbunn0

643.  Raising Animal Awareness in Lebanon With Dr. Myra Tabet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-a5LWPAoJJ4

644.  Raising Awareness of Raw Feeding for Cats With Laura Di Ciano (1190101).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OztqaSJ48AA

645.  Raising Awareness of Raw Feeding for Cats With Laura Di Ciano.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQMQqfwJasw

646.  Real Stories Angel's Journey.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yDkY7tDiVwA

647.  Real Stories Bubba Barks!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7P87YpPlJ-w

648.  Reasons Cats Throw Up and Ways to Treat a Vomiting Cat.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dwm22nqfwCw

649.  Recall Training with a Deaf Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXZdeDqYaw0

650.  Reducing the Burden of Pet Parents With Nancy Martin (1020587).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lC7Kh0nQBs

651.  Reducing the Burden of Pet Parents With Nancy Martin.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ray4jXyv3fg

652.  Removing Urine Stains and Smells.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iTE4-oYccBA

653.  Rescuing Animals as a Lifelong Passion With Kristy Morrell (1157535).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AuwZ9JumFQw

654.  Rescuing Animals as a Lifelong Passion With Kristy Morrell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsxeGA3m0L0

655.  Rescuing Animals in South America With Giselle Huertas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0Mk55Aj4uI

656.  Rescuing Dogs With Shanne Roberts (1724801).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t_eAe5OHFD8

657.  Rescuing Dogs With Shanne Roberts.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5L5zT3nu10

658.  Rescuing Fawn With Diane Nicholas (1748113).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A3uVXKdiCsQ

659.  Rescuing Fawn With Diane Nicholas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t49SFb6Fjtw

660.  Rescuing Golden Retrievers With Jessie Pickard (1233691).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fu6VsCL9bZ8

661.  Rescuing Golden Retrievers With Jessie Pickard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpXVxjuTt_w

662.  Rescuing Horses While Saving Humans With Pat Beauvais (1995887).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sP4eDQofbA

663.  Rescuing Horses While Saving Humans With Pat Beauvais.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tB5D04Eqww

664.  Rescuing Pugs With Kristine Lovelady (1667108).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HoRi3gWGhHw

665.  Rescuing Pugs With Kristine Lovelady.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mRbGtdIfIyE

666.  Rescuing Rat Terriers With Wendy Bradley (1509707).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jUp-UQEDy9E

667.  Rescuing Rat Terriers With Wendy Bradley.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukO9B-39MwY

668.  Rescuing Shelter Dogs in Canada With Jodi Lane Teaser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lI1zQJsOBUA

669.  Rescuing Shelter Dogs in Canada With Jodi Lane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Wcf-0kNycg

670.  Running Your Own Rescue Organization With Kimberly Saxelby (1922155).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_g7bonUW4uo

671.  Running Your Own Rescue Organization With Kimberly Saxelby.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qg4McKRHnRk

672.  Safe Household Cleaners for Homes with Allergic Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yeV5xZ43u-M

673.  Safe Snacks for Cats and Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zF53ejGRU-0

674.  Searching for Non-Invasive Therapies With Debi Famelos.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4_zYZKep8A

675.  Sebaceous Adenitis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtSqN4Ue-4Q

676.  Setting Up a Farm Animal Sanctuary With Dr. Faith Albright (1129310).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O_x75r54lRc

677.  Setting Up a Farm Animal Sanctuary With Dr. Faith Albright.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTSups0Z_z0

678.  Sherri Franklin & The Muttville Senior Dog Rescue.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S050QypeEhg

679.  Skin Infections and Your Dog.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ng3XqDSIvq8

680.  Slow Growth Diet in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9gbxLiKaJU

681.  Slow Growth Diets for Growing Puppies.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GJlds7_f9k

682.  Snowball the Dancing Cockatoo! (Part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9JNAxGpwJko

683.  Snowball the Dancing Cockatoo! (Part 2 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NousvSZrWZQ

684.  Special Needs of Brachycephalic Breeds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-gGmp-Xpm4

685.  Spreading Awareness in Avian Nutrition With Leslie Moran (1870481).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rm5dm4-DEFs

686.  Spreading Awareness in Avian Nutrition With Leslie Moran.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ls9QYFRKZjM

687.  Starting a Rescue With Donna Ezzell (1568751).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gnftt4zhJQk

688.  Starting a Rescue With Donna Ezzell.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMIhyBIVFWs

689.  Steroid Therapy for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WkdigkEFlHk

690.  Street Veterinary Care With Dr. Jon Geller.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xu0dwf-g23Y

691.  Stumbling Upon Integrative Treatment Methods With Dr. Neal Sivula.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KMW1xN0gLgU

692.  Sudden GI Upset QUICK TIPS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RzLYfmExUoU

693.  Sustaining a Lifelong Passion for Rescuing With Lorrie McClain (1964766).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TpLpm7xaIqk

694.  Sustaining a Lifelong Passion for Rescuing With Lorrie McClain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lWRoPonN9W0

695.  Symptoms & Treatment of Feline Asthma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZhseR7rZW3c

696.  Table Food and Your Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLEGoKWU1-Q

697.  Taking a Leap of Faith With Dr. Russell Swift (1818659).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XC9UG6FB648

698.  Taking a Leap of Faith With Dr. Russell Swift.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSwr-x7WHlQ

699.  Taking Rescuing to New Heights With Jenifer Alcorn Teaser.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhMpbn3X8tw

700.  Taking Rescuing to New Heights With Jenifer Alcorn.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwgKN_LsvKA

701.  The Best and Worst Foods for Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5ZeNLUEHKY

702.  The Best Ways Help Your Overweight Cat Shed the Excess Pounds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrJ_VcZIWcM

703.  The Danger of Catabolic Steroids in Veterinary Practice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSalwTIIxJ0

704.  The Dog Doc An Insight Into Integrative Veterinary Medicine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLqe57ZWVM0

705.  The Giardia Parasite by Dr. Karen Becker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knoE5xtgfas

706.  The Goal of Mercola Healthy Pets Explained by Dr. Karen Becker.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVvETjJbtCw

707.  The Importance of Diverse Healing Modalities With Dr. Barrie Sands (1539229).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIt7bZh1vFQ

708.  The Importance of Diverse Healing Modalities With Dr. Barrie Sands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okTO9ISQVpc

709.  The Importance of Gut Microbiome Health in Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ne87Hsy8Spw

710.  The Importance of Ultra Violet Light in Birds.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xq-xfZDOgz4

711.  The Importance of Water Quality in Your Pet's Health.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSSgNOAeyAA

712.  The Joy of Opening Your Own Practice With Dr. Lisa Confessore (1237180).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_h1vE-Pobs

713.  The Joy of Opening Your Own Practice With Dr. Lisa Confessore.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g74nZZr2XmI

714.  The Mighty Hearts Project Helps Dogs With Mitral Valve Disease.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yi7XFPLrgKg

715.  The Overuse of Antibiotics in Veterinary Applications.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al0PyyO629o

716.  The Quality of Pet Food Ingredients (Part 1 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aTWHxvjI_as

717.  The Quality of Pet Food Ingredients (Part 2 of 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdDPi-1Yjy0

718.  The Scoop on Cat Litter.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=INhsy7G2eQY

719.  The Skinny on Low Fat Diets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47Q4zkRL9uI

720.  The Struggles of Holistic Veterinary Medicine With Dr. Laurie Coger.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1s1LhoDyj8

721.  The Supplement Most Needed by Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw3hGIn3gEo

722.  The Three Pillars of Health.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wDiVzEQbgQA

723.  The Truth About Pet Vaccines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3P7FnSTcC8

724.  The Wonders of Coconut Oil With Carmina O'Connor and Charisa Antigua.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAYQLobDH9w

725.  Things to Do With Your Dog This Summer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3hY95q-P0Y

726.  Tia's Four-Week Physiotherapy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TeEQcps2pY

727.  Top 10 Dos and Don'ts During Pet Playtime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Evm87eeLATY

728.  Top 7 Reasons Why Cats and Dogs Eat Their Poop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnGfrDt-GT0

729.  Toxins and Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kp2Gi78TIHE

730.  Tracheal Collapse (Updated ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3N7G2Ti53k

731.  Tracheal Collapse in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjo_nzD-0YQ

732.  Tracheal Collapse QUICK TIPS!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBINerUAgKE

733.  Training a Deaf Dog to Walk.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jHgBGltS868

734.  Training Three Dogs to Sit.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mmQ90uuO_Xg

735.  Transcending Borders With Dr. Andrés Tello (1111468).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwxAXSKpP_g

736.  Transcending Borders With Dr. Andrés Tello.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nln27pxavDc

737.  Transitioning Cats to A Healthier Diet With Dr. Becker, Jae Kennedy and Adrienne Lefebvre.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y_pxWcIbhHU

738.  Transitioning From Human to Animal Treatment With Dr. Marc Sommer (1248852).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGO0GMw8uJg

739.  Transitioning From Human to Animal Treatment With Dr. Marc Sommer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFsC8flpfu8

740.  Transitioning From Traditional to Functional Medicine With Dr. Robert Gaston (1219177).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyFiPnrpXLs

741.  Transitioning From Traditional to Functional Medicine With Dr. Robert Gaston.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3VxDS1_eVs

742.  Transitioning Into Mobile Practice With Dr. Brian Gray (1680585).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lhw1OQJFNc

743.  Transitioning Into Mobile Practice With Dr. Brian Gray.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxzi2oz_yMQ

744.  Transitioning to a Holistic Practice With Dr. Neely North (1399207).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uqdQRw1JIac

745.  Transitioning to a Holistic Practice With Dr. Neely North.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7sCGGHrANoM

746.  Traveling with Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvNOVgOaT0I

747.  Treating Pets at Home With Dr. Loretta Rodriguez (1343407).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSA8eRN6aZA

748.  Treating Pets at Home With Dr. Loretta Rodriguez.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8_liqW8P3s

749.  Treating the Entire Family With Dr. Shannon Ruff (1826298).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v43qgYL-PWY

750.  Treating the Entire Family With Dr. Shannon Ruff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqYVE3ACanI

751.  Trimming Your Cat's Nails.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vAkrqbILQhE

752.  Turkeyballs Pet Recipe.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FaG_kuz77s

753.  Ubiquinol and CoQ10 for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gt31gX7frY

754.  Updates on the Rabies Challenge Fund.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z9KjwFHentU

755.  Uplifting Dogs in Houston With Tena Lundquist Faust and Tama Lundquist (1517614).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vubc7S5Nayc

756.  Uplifting Dogs in Houston With Tena Lundquist Faust and Tama Lundquist.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhON3e4A2Ws

757.  Using Art to Help Rescue Dogs With Mark Barone (1863180).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4p9pZdIfSpI

758.  Using Art to Help Rescue Dogs With Mark Barone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPP_qjqRjjE

759.  Using Coconut Oil for Your Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EVvCghgPd9g

760.  Using Energy as a Veterinary Healing Modality (1574904).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WemRjkSRiUc

761.  Using Energy as a Veterinary Healing Modality.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zC1XjS7ZQr4

762.  Using Nature to Heal You and Your Pet (1485917).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYXtvjvHWzI

763.  Using Nature to Heal You and Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G05IG5rjSyk

764.  Vaccinosis and Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvG4QqEcAl4

765.  Valentine's Day Treats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfF4Wsg1pTU

766.  Vestibular Disease in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tUWRXUinWBY

767.  Vestibular Disease.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRmzakTM0Cg

768.  Vet Student Nutrition Education And How We Can Improve It.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7f6Z72o2viw

769.  Vet Tech Nutrition Education.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9m_PLyXZruM

770.  Veterinary Technicians and their Nutrition Education.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxQJr87UXP0

771.  Warts or Papillomas - Symptoms and Treatments.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eYKWrmSqPA

772.  Ways to Protect Your Dog During Summer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iWYbYqDEaR4

773.  Welcome to Mercola Healthy Pets!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quN_ic4BMMA

774.  Welcome to Mercola Healthy Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kGwPcqF9yAY

775.  What Every Pet Parent Should Know About GMOs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AelhLHAlEQ

776.  What Is 'Normal Poop' for Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iBOtyG3_YNs

777.  What to do if You Find a Baby Bird.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYcUdkRizbI

778.  What to Do if Your Pet Got Stung by an Insect.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99GS_QSTx-s

779.  What to Expect with Your Pet's Nose.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWLXhcJRXnI

780.  What to Look for in a Krill Oil Supplement.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYQOq24dTo4

781.  What to Look for When Shopping for Shampoo for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEutMVP6vl0

782.  What You Need to Know About Ear Hematomas in Your Pet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sx816SIzdVs

783.  What You Need to Know About Lick Granuloma.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bObzv3hoqq8

784.  What's Causing Your Dog's Incontinence.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUu9A4Cq9YQ

785.  Why Aren’t Our Pets Living Longer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2TNPhlkxEQ

786.  Why CANWI Is Creating the SPAN (Student Partnerships in Animal Nutrition) Program.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqtkdAzRPHo

787.  Why Do Dogs Eat Grass.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Tki_Hb9nPs

788.  Why Do Dogs Eat Poop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YiV7VdlhovI

789.  Why Do We Sell Products in Mercola Healthy Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NK8uiE4x93I

790.  Why Dogs Eat Grass.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTbvF8g1rtE

791.  Why Ensuring Quality in Pet Food Products.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nP0XlJDKXuc

792.  Why Feed Your Pets a Homemade Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujztdcXm1Qg

793.  Why Fresh Pet Food Companies Are Blossoming Everywhere.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGS9cCwVJRc

794.  Why I Don’t Recommend Most Prescription Renal Diets for Cats.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6odPRqIj8Y

795.  Why Pet Parents Are Demanding Better, Fresher Foods for Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VheGG9vOyvU

796.  Why You Should NEVER Feed Your Pets a VEGAN and VEGETARIAN Diet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsIgJ0cWyGo

797.  Wobbler's Syndrome in Dogs.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teYOyBn9xCY

798.  Your Pet's Anal Glands.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qffm9Vg-oY8

799.  Your Pet's Gastrointestinal (GI) Track.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFQL2JKtKwQ

800.  Zoonotic DiseasesZoonoses - Diseases You Can Get From your Pets.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K4TkyMzVYyE
MercolaHealthyPets - Videos