
1.  04 - It's A Beautiful Day (Original Spontaneous Idea, April 1980) - Queen Remastered 2011.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7CZMOGmIHI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

2.  10cc - Dreadlock Holiday.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PbdCvzF4qqw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

3.  3 Doors Down - Here Without You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kPBzTxZQG5Q&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

4.  3T - Anything.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBoX-wYhs-U&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

5.  4 Non Blondes - What's Up (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6NXnxTNIWkc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

6.  A Little Less Conversation (JXL Radio Edit Remix) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1efsq1GFpE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

7.  a-ha The Sun Always Shines On Tv.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TfV92vVINY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

8.  Abba - Dancing Queen (Official Music Video Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFrGuyw1V8s&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

9.  Abba - The Winner Takes It All (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92cwKCU8Z5c&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

10.  Adam Lambert - Whataya Want from Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1Fqn9du7xo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

11.  ADELE - 'Make You Feel My Love'.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0put0_a--Ng&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

12.  Adele - Rolling in the Deep (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYEDA3JcQqw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

13.  Adele - Someone Like You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLQl3WQQoQ0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

14.  Adventures Of Stevie V - Dirty Cash (Money Talks) (Sold Out 12 Inch Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAyIs-eOjKI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

15.  Aerosmith - Amazing (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSmOvYzSeaQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

16.  Aerosmith - Cryin' (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfNmyxV2Ncw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

17.  Aerosmith - I Don't Want to Miss a Thing (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkK8g6FMEXE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

18.  Aerosmith - Jaded (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbexOeoH5hg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

19.  Aerosmith - Livin' On The Edge (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nqcL0mjMjw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

20.  Aerosmith - Love In An Elevator (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3Yrhv33Zb8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

21.  Alan Parsons Project - Old and Wise - Lyrics on screen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-4HI1_LTWIk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

22.  Alanis Morissette - Hand In My Pocket (Official 4K Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUjIY_XxF1g&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

23.  Alanis Morissette - Hands Clean (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dH289KxkGw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

24.  Alanis Morissette - Head Over Feet (Official 4K Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iuO49jbovg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

25.  Alanis Morissette - Ironic wlyrics (HQ sound).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nm-1xvWibt0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

26.  Alanis Morissette - Thank U (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOgpT5rEKIU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

27.  Alanis Morissette - You Oughta Know (Official 4K Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPcyTyilmYY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

28.  Alice Cooper - Poison.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qq4j1LtCdww&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

29.  All Saints - Never Ever (US Version) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPXqkjpXZ_k&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

30.  Alphaville - Forever Young ~Official Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1TcDHrkQYg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

31.  America - A Horse With No Name+Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSAJ0l4OBHM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

32.  Amy Macdonald - This Is The Life (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRYvuS9OxdA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

33.  Amy Winehouse - Rehab.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUmZp8pR1uc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

34.  Anastacia - Left Outside Alone (Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzR5jM9UeJA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

35.  Another Level - Freak Me (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q3qDESAvzh0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

36.  Anouk - Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DM-gd9-Q-Qg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

37.  Anouk - It's So Hard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkChEA_b7oc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

38.  Anouk - Sacrifice.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LSTE861_J4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

39.  Are You Gonna Go My Way - Lenny Kravitz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5PZQMwL7iE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

40.  Armin van Buuren feat. Trevor Guthrie - This Is What It Feels Like (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BR_DFMUzX4E&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

41.  Avicii - Levels (Radio Edit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEhKSc52QqY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

42.  Avicii - Wake Me Up (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcrbM1l_BoI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

43.  Bachman Turner Overdrive - You Ain't Seen Nothing Yet.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99lyU5N--f8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

44.  Backstreet Boys - Everybody (Backstreet's Back) (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6M6samPEMpM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

45.  Backstreet Boys - I Want It That Way (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fndeDfaWCg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

46.  Backstreet Boys - Quit Playing Games (With My Heart).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ug88HO2mg44&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

47.  BAKER STREET - GERRY RAFFERTY - (1978).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-Yi762sQTo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

48.  Bastille - Pompeii (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F90Cw4l-8NY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

49.  Beastie Boys - (You Gotta) Fight For Your Right (To Party) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBShN8qT4lk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

50.  Bee Gees Stayin Alive (Extended Remaster).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YxvBPH4sArQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

51.  Ben Howard - Keep Your Head Up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADP65wbBUpc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

52.  Billy Idol - Dancing With Myself (Subtítulos español).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAeWu21_o5M&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

53.  Billy Joel - Leningrad (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LgD_-dRZPgs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

54.  Billy Joel - Piano Man (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxEPV4kolz0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

55.  Billy Joel - Uptown Girl (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hCuMWrfXG4E&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

56.  Billy Joel - We Didn't Start the Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eFTLKWw542g&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

57.  Billy Ocean - Get Outta My Dreams, Get Into My Car (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNgcYGgtf8M&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

58.  Billy Ocean - Loverboy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CmhjXEkI5Lg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

59.  Billy Ocean - When the Going Gets Tough, the Tough Get Going (Version 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lIxUKbV0UEM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

60.  Birdy - Skinny Love [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNzCDt2eidg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

61.  blink-182 - All The Small Things (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Ht5RZpzPqw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

62.  Blondie - Denis.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahGxiSV_LH0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

63.  Blur - Song 2.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SSbBvKaM6sk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

64.  Bløf - Harder Dan Ik Hebben Kan (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cj6zDJlk3Os&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

65.  Bløf - Hier.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpgRiGTh9Dc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

66.  Bob Marley & The Wailers - Could You Be Loved (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGIkImLf11o&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

67.  Bob Marley & The Wailers - One Love  People Get Ready.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RP2OwHO4uU4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

68.  Bob Marley at the Pavillon de Baltard, Paris, 1977.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iQO0rgL74M8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

69.  Bon Jovi - Always (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BMwcO6_hyA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

70.  Bon Jovi - In These Arms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59NoqP02ZYM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

71.  Bon Jovi - It's My Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx2u5uUu3DE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

72.  Bon Jovi - Keep The Faith.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZQyVUTcpM4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

73.  Bon Jovi - Livin' On A Prayer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDK9QqIzhwk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

74.  Bon Jovi - This Ain't A Love Song (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nlDy6h-v9c&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

75.  Bon Jovi - Wanted Dead Or Alive (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRvCvsRp5ho&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

76.  Bon Jovi - You Give Love A Bad Name (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrZHPOeOxQQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

77.  Bonnie Tyler - Total Eclipse of the Heart (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcOxhH8N3Bo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

78.  Boys Are Back In Town Thin Lizzy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQo1HIcSVtg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

79.  Boyzone - No Matter What (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eul_Vt6SZY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

80.  Boyzone - Picture Of You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryCIAJRTwJg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

81.  Breakfast in America Written & Composed by Roger Hodgson of Supertramp.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tODaH_fGtMY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

82.  Britney Spears - (You Drive Me) Crazy (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4VK9_CfOLQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

83.  Britney Spears - Sometimes (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t0bPrt69rag&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

84.  Bronski Beat - Smalltown Boy ORIGINAL VIDEO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xuz94ZIPfJk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

85.  Bruce Hornsby & The Range - The Way It Is (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOeKidp-iWo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

86.  Bruce Springsteen - Born in the U.S.A. (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPhWR4d3FJQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

87.  Bruce Springsteen - Dancing In the Dark (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=129kuDCQtHs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

88.  Bruce Springsteen - Glory Days (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vQpW9XRiyM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

89.  Bruce Springsteen - Human Touch (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85cNRQo1m3A&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

90.  Bruce Springsteen - I'm On Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrpXArn3hII&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

91.  Bruce Springsteen - My Hometown (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77gKSp8WoRg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

92.  Bruce Springsteen - Streets of Philadelphia (Official Video) (1552900).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4z2DtNW79sQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

93.  Bruce Springsteen - Streets of Philadelphia (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4z2DtNW79sQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

94.  Bruce Springsteen - The River.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nAB4vOkL6cE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

95.  Bruno Mars - Locked Out Of Heaven (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-fA-gBCkj0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

96.  Bryan Adams - Can't Stop This Thing We Started.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lP4Nnek6DCo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

97.  Bryan Adams - Heaven (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6TtwR2Dbjg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

98.  Bryan Adams - Run To You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nCBASt507WA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

99.  Bryan Adams - Summer Of 69 (Official Music Video) (1262658).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f06QZCVUHg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

100.  Bryan Adams - Summer Of 69 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9f06QZCVUHg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

101.  Bryan Adams - When You're Gone (Official Music Video) ft. Melanie C.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_W2jONIjrM0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

102.  Bryan Adams, Rod Stewart, Sting - All For Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofA3URC1wyk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

103.  BUILT TO LAST - Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Uh2G7WoXsU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

104.  Captain Jack (Short mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_xPNUSpqhE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

105.  Carlos Cabezas - Take My Breath Away (Berlin Cover).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zr5hIU8S31c&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

106.  Cher - The Shoop Shoop Song (It's In His Kiss) [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCpKQjqb8Y4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

107.  Chris Rea - Josephine (2008).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1eLtYg2uyTk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

108.  Christina Aguilera - Genie In A Bottle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIDWgqDBNXA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

109.  Christina Aguilera - What A Girl Wants (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpspGHeLOPE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

110.  Cock Robin - The Promise You Made.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pk3A_QSINI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

111.  Cock Robin - Thought You Were on My Side (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sc530KCXCSk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

112.  Cock Robin - When Your Heart Is Weak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRnNpLOhn1Q&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

113.  Coldplay - Clocks (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d020hcWA_Wg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

114.  Coldplay - In My Place (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnIZ7RMuLpU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

115.  Coldplay - Paradise (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1G4isv_Fylg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

116.  Coldplay - Speed Of Sound (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0k_1kvDh2UA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

117.  Coldplay - Talk (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EH9meoWmAOM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

118.  Coldplay - The Scientist (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB-RcX5DS5A&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

119.  Coldplay - Viva La Vida (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvgZkm1xWPE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

120.  Coldplay - Yellow (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKNxeF4KMsY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

121.  Counting Crows - Big Yellow Taxi ft. Vanessa Carlton (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvtJPs8IDgU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

122.  Counting Crows - Mr. Jones (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oqAU5VxFWs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

123.  Craig David - 7 Days.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNSgKDRndpQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

124.  Crazy Town - Butterfly (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FEDrU85FLE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

125.  Cutting Crew - (I Just) Died In Your Arms (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dOwHzCHfgA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

126.  Cyndi Lauper - Girls Just Want To Have Fun (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIb6AZdTr-A&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

127.  Cyndi Lauper - Time After Time (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VdQY7BusJNU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

128.  Daft Punk - Around the world (radio edit) (Musique, Vol  1, 1993 2005) HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfdRhOqirEg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

129.  Daft Punk - Get Lucky (Official Audio) ft. Pharrell Williams, Nile Rodgers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NV6Rdv1a3I&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

130.  Daft Punk - One More Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FGBhQbmPwH8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

131.  Dan Hartman  -  Vertigo.. Relight My Fire!!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoiSjVBvpso&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

132.  Daniel Powter - Bad Day (Official Music Video)  Warner Vault.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gH476CxJxfg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

133.  Daryl Hall & John Oates - Maneater (subtitulada en español).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByIII3yWTB0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

134.  David Bowie-'Heroes' (single version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXYT2yy2s24&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

135.  David Guetta Feat. Kelly Rowland - When Love Takes Over (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zudbz4hOcbc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

136.  Deep Blue Something - Breakfast At Tiffany's (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ClCpfeIELw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

137.  Deep Purple - Smoke On The Water (LIVE 1973 HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBcJfLVvS-o&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

138.  Deep Purple-Child in Time.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PfAWReBmxEs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

139.  Depeche Mode - People Are People (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzGnX-MbYE4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

140.  Destiny's Child - Bug-A-Boo (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9i-y0G8nNA8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

141.  Destiny's Child - No, No, No Part 1 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQtoCz9dIJQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

142.  Dido - Thank You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1TO48Cnl66w&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

143.  Dire Straits - Brothers In Arms.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhdFe3evXpk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

144.  Dire Straits - Money For Nothing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTP2RUD_cL0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

145.  Dire Straits - Sultans Of Swing (Alchemy Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Pa9x9fZBtY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

146.  DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince - Summertime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kr0tTbTbmVA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

147.  Doe Maar - Belle Helene.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLzLwSghfNQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

148.  Doobie Brothers- Long train running.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnD0eVdHJfI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

149.  Dr. Alban - It's My Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zHm_6AQ7CY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

150.  Dr. Alban - Sing Hallelujah [Original HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWCycC0P5AM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

151.  Duffy - Mercy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7ZEVA5dy-Y&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

152.  Duran Duran - Save A Prayer (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Uxc9eFcZyM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

153.  Duran Duran - The Wild Boys (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M43wsiNBwmo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

154.  Eagle-Eye Cherry - Save Tonight.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHxnm1-gVS4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

155.  Earth, Wind & Fire - Boogie Wonderland (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=god7hAPv8f0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

156.  Earth, Wind & Fire - September [Vinyl].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJpxDbLB8DU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

157.  Easy - The Commodores.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7XcTyEKSnYg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

158.  Ed Sheeran - The A Team [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAWcs5H-qgQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

159.  Eiffel 65 - Blue (Da Ba Dee) [Gabry Ponte Ice Pop Mix] (Original Video with subtitles).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ugkg9RePc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

160.  Electric Light Orchestra - Don't Bring Me Down (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9nkzaOPP6g&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

161.  Elton John - I'm Still Standing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZHwVBirqD2s&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

162.  Eminem - Stan (Long Version) ft. Dido.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOMhN-hfMtY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

163.  Enigma - Return To Innocence (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rk_sAHh9s08&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

164.  Enigma - Sadeness - Part i (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4F9DxYhqmKw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

165.  Enya - 01. Orinoco Flow (The Very Best of Enya 2009)..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1b8n1JETCH8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

166.  Erasure - Oh L'Amour (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFduy8qQIOg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

167.  Eric Carmen - Hungry Eyes (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ssCL292DQA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

168.  Eric Clapton - I Shot the Sheriff.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=10qLYy6hiFQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

169.  Eric Clapton - Layla.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fX5USg8_1gA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

170.  Eric Clapton - Tears In Heaven (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxPj3GAYYZ0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

171.  Europe - Superstitious (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gU5Vg2JokU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

172.  Europe - The Final Countdown (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jK-NcRmVcw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

173.  Eurythmics Sex Crime 1984.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcTP7YWPayU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

174.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Here Comes The Rain Again (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzFnYcIqj6I&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

175.  Eurythmics, Annie Lennox, Dave Stewart - Sweet Dreams (Are Made Of This) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeMFqkcPYcg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

176.  Evanescence - Bring Me To Life (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YxaaGgTQYM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

177.  Evanescence - My Immortal (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5anLPw0Efmo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

178.  Everything But The Girl - Missing (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q4sPkS8b62Q&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

179.  Extreme - Hole Hearted.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-h4A7bF8wQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

180.  Extreme - More Than Words (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrIiLvg58SY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

181.  Eye of the tiger -Lyrics-.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEjgPh4SEmU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

182.  Faith No More - Easy (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPzDTfIb0DU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

183.  Faithless - God Is a DJ (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhSB8EEnCAM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

184.  Faithless - Insomnia (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8JEm4d6Wu4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

185.  Faithless - We Come 1 (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65EfTFUFDwI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

186.  Falco - Jeanny (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Urw-iutHw5E&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

187.  Feargal Sharkey - A Good Heart (Full Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bx9qUR9P2ZQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

188.  Felix - Don't You Want Me 2015 (Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike Remix) [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1FwD-IhEGg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

189.  Fine Young Cannibals - She Drives Me Crazy (1989).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0sw54Pdh_m8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

190.  Fleetwood Mac - Big Love (Live The Dance).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZZp76M4NGc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

191.  Fleetwood Mac - Go Your Own Way (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ul-cZyuYq4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

192.  Fly Away - Lenny Kravitz.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJMeTmdfNWk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

193.  Foo Fighters - Learn To Fly (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VQ_3sBZEm0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

194.  Fool's Overture - Voice of Supertramp Roger Hodgson w Orchestra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6aWDxuhD0FI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

195.  Forever Man by Eric Clapton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZOI_g9uKwYg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

196.  Frankie Goes To Hollywood - Two Tribes (Video Destructo Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K2QAMqTgPKI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

197.  Freddie Mercury - Living On My Own (Raymond Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKJ5WsLu5Xo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

198.  Fugees - Killing Me Softly With His Song (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKOtzIo-uYw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

199.  Fugees - Ready or Not (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aIXyKmElvv8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

200.  Fun. We Are Young ft. Janelle Monáe [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv6dMFF_yts&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

201.  Gavin DeGraw - Chariot (VIDEO).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkUnBPdR9RU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

202.  George Baker Selection Little Green Bag.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0L1hD5OlPtw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

203.  George Michael - Careless Whisper (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izGwDsrQ1eQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

204.  George Michael - Fast Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FN-wwWHyNgE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

205.  George Michael - Freedom! 90 (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diYAc7gB-0A&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

206.  George Michael - KillerPapa Was A Rolling Stone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaeCnGOaE98&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

207.  George Michael, Elton John - Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RsKqMNDoR4o&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

208.  Gino Vannelli - People Gotta Move (1974).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WhjX6-iWIAg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

209.  Gloria Gaynor - I Will Survive - Original Version 1982 - ClubMusic80s.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HJv-4BD404&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

210.  Gnarls Barkley - Crazy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bd2B6SjMh_w&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

211.  Golden Earring - Weekend Love (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhzzeqY7vWs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

212.  Golden Earring - When The Lady smiles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYxp6OIEZlk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

213.  Golden Earring-Twilight Zone (Extended Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eP05iSzpz94&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

214.  Good Vibrations - Beach Boys (1999 mono remaster with photos).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjCRm9exBbc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

215.  Gotye - Somebody That I Used To Know (feat. Kimbra) [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UVNT4wvIGY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

216.  Grand Funk Railroad - Some Kind of Wonderful (1975).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxEKa4dlKVw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

217.  Green Day - Basket Case [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUTGr5t3MoY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

218.  Green Day - Boulevard Of Broken Dreams [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soa3gO7tL-c&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

219.  Green Day - When I Come Around [Official Music Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8dh9gDzmz8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

220.  Guns N' Roses - Don't Cry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zRIbf6JqkNc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

221.  Guns N' Roses - November Rain.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SbUC-UaAxE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

222.  Guns N' Roses - Paradise City.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rbm6GXllBiw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

223.  Guns N' Roses - Sweet Child O' Mine (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1w7OgIMMRc4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

224.  Guns N' Roses - Welcome To The Jungle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1tj2zJ2Wvg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

225.  Guru Josh Project - Infinity 2008 (Klaas Vocal Edit) (Official Video HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dL3AiuTsbOU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

226.  Haddaway - What Is Love [Official].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEXWRTEbj1I&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

227.  Hanson - MMMBop (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHozn0YXAeE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

228.  Heart - All I Wanna Do Is Make Love To You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OAfxs0IDeMs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

229.  Heart - Alone (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Cw1ng75KP0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

230.  Hero - Chad Kroeger [feat. Josey Scott].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JwZg2O0kHQM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

231.  Het Goede Doel - Hou van mij.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MANBV-G7ZCA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

232.  Hoobastank - The Reason (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV4DiAyExN0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

233.  I'll Be There For You (Friends Theme) - The Rembrandts (Boyce Avenue cover) on Spotify & Apple.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HRpqS9d2f74&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

234.  Iggy Pop - Candy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bLOjmY--TA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

235.  Ike & Tina Turner - Proud Mary  1971.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzQnPz6TpGc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

236.  In The End [Official HD Music Video] - Linkin Park.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eVTXPUF4Oz4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

237.  Inner Circle - Sweat (A La La Long).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uc2UEfWjvo8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

238.  Intwine - Happy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3EHlfF-Cbk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

239.  It's Alright (Baby's Coming Back) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf_OsStVpzs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

240.  It's Only Love - Bryan Adams & Tina Turner.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6igcfvq2BQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

241.  J. Geils Band - Centerfold (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqDjMZKf-wg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

242.  James Blunt - Wisemen [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cueB7j4ZGrM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

243.  James Blunt - You're Beautiful (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oofSnsGkops&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

244.  James Brown Get Up (l Feel Like Being a) Sex Machine..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huZFThnetjo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

245.  James Morrison - Wonderful World.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuoaKai_L00&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

246.  Jennifer Lopez - Let's Get Loud (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q91hydQRGyM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

247.  Joe Cocker   With A Little Help From My Friends Live at Cologne 2013.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzDLZa01bYU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

248.  Joe Cocker - Unchain My Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6eByMZJ9ueA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

249.  Joe Cocker - You Can Leave Your Hat On (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jOotsq4soug&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

250.  John Farnham - You're The Voice (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fa3YDYhUYM0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

251.  John Hiatt - Have a Little Faith in Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aYxMuLb3h8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

252.  John Mayer - Heartbreak Warfare (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GeCClzNCfcA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

253.  John Miles - Music - 1976.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAsvjVx-Mg4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

254.  Jon Bon Jovi - Blaze Of Glory (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MfmYCM4CS8o&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

255.  Joshua Kadison - Jessie (Original Videoclip).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gre4DZuA6k4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

256.  Kaiser Chiefs - Ruby (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qObzgUfCl28&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

257.  Kane - Rain Down On Me (Tiësto Remix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZHCocBkZFo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

258.  Kate Bush - Cloudbusting - Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pllRW9wETzw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

259.  Kate Bush - Running Up That Hill - Official Music Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wp43OdtAAkM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

260.  Katrina & The Waves - Walking On Sunshine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPUmE-tne5U&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

261.  Katy Perry - Hot N Cold (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTHNpusq654&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

262.  Katy Perry - Roar (Official).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CevxZvSJLk8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

263.  Keane - Everybody's Changing (Alternate Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zx4Hjq6KwO0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

264.  Keane - Is It Any Wonder (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fVe_KVzBFOo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

265.  Keane - Somewhere Only We Know (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oextk-If8HQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

266.  Keane - Sovereign Light Café (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bH13eUiDhmo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

267.  Keane- Bend and Break with Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0MJ0KdvXHzs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

268.  Killing Joke - Love Like Blood (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnpwuRlXbhk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

269.  Kim Carnes - Bette Davis Eyes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EPOIS5taqA8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

270.  Kings Of Leon - Sex on Fire (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RF0HhrwIwp0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

271.  Kings Of Leon - Use Somebody (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnhXHvRoUd0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

272.  Kool & The Gang - Celebration (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GwjfUFyY6M&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

273.  KT Tunstall - Suddenly I See (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9AEoUa0Hlso&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

274.  La Bouche - Be My Lover (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydd9Dn3bJlI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

275.  Lady Gaga - Poker Face (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bESGLojNYSo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

276.  Lemon Tree - Fools Garden.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Va0vs1fhhNI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

277.  Lenny Kravitz - Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eW2qlKa6oHw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

278.  Lenny Kravitz - Always On The Run (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=em8JuUW-OOE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

279.  Lenny Kravitz - I'll Be Waiting.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xntxoEFsqfU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

280.  Lenny Kravitz - It Ain't Over 'Til It's Over.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmENMZFUU_0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

281.  Lenny Kravitz - Let Love Rule.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bbiqy2TOwBw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

282.  Let's Stay Together Tina Turner (HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OexA8i9K1e0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

283.  Lifehouse - Halfway Gone (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xodmwwNV18w&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

284.  Lifehouse-Hanging By A Moment (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4_woZ-LUvM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

285.  Like the way I do - Melissa Etheridge Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivBHmLT260E&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

286.  Limp Bizkit - Behind Blue Eyes lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fEGI9NbH-mk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

287.  Lionel Richie - All Night Long (All Night).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqAvFx3NxUM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

288.  Liquido - Narcotic (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJ7E40Ec5ec&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

289.  Live - Overcome (with Ground Zero Footage).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpCa7Ay596M&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

290.  Live - Run To The Water.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TB1zPYKQCCY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

291.  Live - They Stood Up For Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bK463fcJebI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

292.  Live is Life - Opus.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EGikhmjTSZI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

293.  Lou Reed - Perfect Day (Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wxI4KK9ZYo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

294.  Lou Reed - Walk on the Wild Side (audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oG6fayQBm9w&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

295.  Lutricia McNeal - Ain't that just the way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fQqsa1Rf_mU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

296.  Lynyrd Skynyrd - Sweet Home Alabama.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye5BuYf8q4o&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

297.  Madness - Embarrassment (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P23Gqn6y8AI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

298.  Madness - One Step Beyond.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-uyWAe0NhQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

299.  Madonna - Holiday [Audio].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHknoSQZibU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

300.  Madonna - Hung Up (Official Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDwb9jOVRtU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

301.  Madonna - Into The Groove (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52iW3lcpK5M&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

302.  Madonna - Papa Don't Preach (Official Video) [HD].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G333Is7VPOg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

303.  Madonna - Power of Goodbye (With On-Screen Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbaHVlxO87c&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

304.  Madonna - Vogue (Live at the MTV Awards 1990).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTaXtWWR16A&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

305.  Mando Diao - Dance With Somebody.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qkyRHRIvoGo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

306.  Manic Street Preachers - Motorcycle Emptiness.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gavcjNniIvk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

307.  Maroon 5 - She Will Be Loved (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nIjVuRTm-dc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

308.  Maroon 5 - This Love (Closed Captioned).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPpTgCho5ZA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

309.  Martin Solveig & Dragonette - Hello (Official Short Video Version HD).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kK42LZqO0wA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

310.  Marvin Gaye - Heard It Through The Grapevine (Live at Montreux).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7dGdrP3pms&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

311.  Marvin Gaye - Sexual Healing (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjlSiASsUIs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

312.  Massive Attack - Unfinished Sympathy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWmrfgj0MZI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

313.  MC Hammer - U Can't Touch This (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otCpCn0l4Wo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

314.  Meat Loaf - I'd Do Anything For Love (But I Won't Do That) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9X_ViIPA-Gc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

315.  MECK ft. Leo Sayer - Thunder In My Heart Again (Official Video HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hGVuqOzG-TM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

316.  Men At Work - Down Under (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfR9iY5y94s&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

317.  Metallica - The Unforgiven (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ckom3gf57Yw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

318.  Metallica Enter Sandman (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD-E-LDc384&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

319.  Metallica One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM8bTdBs-cw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

320.  Michael Bublé - Home (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VASbtWejos0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

321.  Michael Jackson - Another Part Of Me (Single Version) [Audio HQ] HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BhmfjFoIz7k&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

322.  Michael Jackson - Bad (Shortened Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUXAEzaC3Q&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

323.  Michael Jackson - Beat It - Single Version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9KOKLEoYug&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

324.  Michael Jackson - Billie Jean  (single version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nBZJwq-bvU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

325.  Michael Jackson - Blood On The Dance Floor (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3_NntYhzV4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

326.  Michael Jackson - Dirty Diana (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yUi_S6YWjZw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

327.  Michael Jackson - Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough (Single Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nf1Or4s1_Ho&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

328.  Michael Jackson - Earth Song (Radio Edit) [Audio HQ] HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MVz9Aq5pxc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

329.  Michael Jackson - Give In To Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJ7qXHjxj_0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

330.  Michael Jackson - Heal The World (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWf-eARnf6U&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

331.  Michael Jackson - Remember The Time (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeiFF0gvqcc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

332.  Michael Jackson - Rock With You (single version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNSp5pOWr30&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

333.  Michael Jackson - Smooth Criminal  (radio edit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZarLiR_VkGY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

334.  Michael Jackson - The Way You Make Me Feel (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzZ_urpj4As&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

335.  Michael Jackson - Thriller (Single Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zADxFyExcmA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

336.  Michael Jackson - Wanna Be Startin' Somethin' (Single Version) [Audio HQ] HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20OTvG-VlTU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

337.  Michael Jackson - Will You Be There (Single Version) [Audio HQ] HD.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZ1zae6f4PE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

338.  Michael Sembello - Maniac.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvYQ1TNbf2g&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

339.  Midnight Oil, Beds are Burning(hq sound).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1O9LyaJfQI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

340.  MIKA - Grace Kelly (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CGVgAYJyjk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

341.  Milli Vanilli - Girl You Know It's True.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RdSmokR0Enk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

342.  Moby -  Go.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p7Sl0wMz95w&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

343.  Modern Talking - Brother Louie (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp2qcCrdBLA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

344.  Modjo - Lady (Hear Me Tonight) (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mMfxI3r_LyA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

345.  Mr. Mister - Broken Wings.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKhN1t_7PEY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

346.  Mr. Mister - Kyrie (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NDjt4FzFWY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

347.  Muse - Sing For Absolution - Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ck6Hcg2cjk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

348.  Muse - Uprising [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w8KQmps-Sog&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

349.  Nazareth - Love Hurts Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6pHNkOQCIzk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

350.  New Kids On The Block - Step by Step - Official video - Subtitulado Español.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nITMhO3ZPZM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

351.  New Radicals - You Get What You Give (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DL7-CKirWZE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

352.  Nickelback - Far Away [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4y-RzVGrHg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

353.  Nickelback - How You Remind Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cQh1ccqu8M&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

354.  Nickelback - Photograph [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3rXdeOvhNE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

355.  Nickelback - Rockstar [OFFICIAL VIDEO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DmeUuoxyt_E&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

356.  Niels Geusebroek - Take Your Time Girl live @Ruuddewild.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53sTQT7BMJQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

357.  NINA SIMONE sings Prince SIGN 'O' THE TIMES outtake cover.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILHRVgR8PoE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

358.  Nirvana - About A Girl (MTV Unplugged).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhcttcXcRYY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

359.  Nirvana - Come As You Are.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vabnZ9-ex7o&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

360.  Nirvana - Smells Like Teen Spirit (Official Music Video) (1156810).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTWKbfoikeg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

361.  Nirvana - Smells Like Teen Spirit (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTWKbfoikeg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

362.  No Doubt - It's My Life (Edited).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubvV498pyIM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

363.  No Doubt - Just A Girl.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PHzOOQfhPFg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

364.  Normaal-Oerend hard.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Y_wUu99E7M&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

365.  NSYNC - Bye Bye Bye (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo-KmOd3i7s&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

366.  NSYNC - Tearin' Up My Heart (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ZcmuKsyvzg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

367.  Oasis - Stop Crying Your Heart Out (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhZUsNJ-LQU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

368.  Oasis - Wonderwall (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx1Bh8ZvH84&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

369.  Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark - Maid Of Orleans.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmwMhjbThKg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

370.  Outkast - Hey Ya! (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWgvGjAhvIw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

371.  P!nk - Fkin' Perfect (Official Video - Explicit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocDlOD1Hw9k&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

372.  P!nk - Just Give Me A Reason ft. Nate Ruess.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OpQFFLBMEPI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

373.  P!nk - Just Like A Pill (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDKGWaCglRM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

374.  P!nk - Please Don't Leave Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eocCPDxKq1o&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

375.  P!nk - Raise Your Glass (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjVNlG5cZyQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

376.  Parachute - Something happens.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cuLcCmj4vMY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

377.  Passenger  Let Her Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBumgq5yVrA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

378.  Paul Simon - You Can Call Me Al (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uq-gYOrU8bA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

379.  Paul Weller - You Do Something To Me (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tM1rSTOs7Zs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

380.  Paul Young - Love of the Common People (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SVmjKHkgxis&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

381.  Pearl Jam - Alive (2009 Ten Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6f-lbAvN5w4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

382.  Pearl Jam Black (Brendan O'Brien mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUqLgUOtVJ4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

383.  Pet Shop Boys - It's A Sin (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dRHetRTOD1Q&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

384.  Peter Frampton, Show Me the Way.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIRqMTg1GVc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

385.  Peter Gabriel - Sledgehammer (HD version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJWJE0x7T4Q&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

386.  Peter Gabriel - Solsbury Hill.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_OO2PuGz-H8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

387.  Phil Collins - Can't Stop Loving You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mEnUhjmwjlI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

388.  Phil Collins - In The Air Tonight (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkADj0TPrJA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

389.  Phil Collins - You'll Be In My Heart with Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=git6DCXSqjE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

390.  Phil Collins -Sussudio-.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9xNhcvZ6UI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

391.  Pink Floyd - Another Brick In The Wall (Part 2) (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmsJqzEEfco&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

392.  Pink Floyd - Shine On You Crazy Diamond Parts 1-5 (2011 Remastered version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noNY2ZS3wgg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

393.  Pink Floyd - Wish You Were Here.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=217JOBWTolg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

394.  Plain White T's - Hey There Delilah (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbJtYqBYCV8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

395.  Promises In The Dark - Pat Benatar Lyrics [on screen].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vd621WrVTI0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

396.  Propaganda - Duel.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnQ2zOmb6Hg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

397.  Queen - A Kind of Magic (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0p_1QSUsbsM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

398.  Queen - Another One Bites the Dust (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rY0WxgSXdEE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

399.  Queen - Crazy Little Thing Called Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO6D_BAuYCI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

400.  Queen - Don't Stop Me Now (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgzGwKwLmgM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

401.  Queen - Heaven For Everyone (Single Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3F3wkILZg9w&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

402.  Queen - I Want It All (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFDcoX7s6rE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

403.  Queen - Innuendo (Remastered Audio 2011).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKClwkbDO1o&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

404.  Queen - One Vision (Extended Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GlSfaSMkdjI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

405.  Queen - Radio Ga Ga (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azdwsXLmrHE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

406.  Queen - The Show Must Go On (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t99KH0TR-J4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

407.  Queen - Under Pressure (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a01QQZyl-_I&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

408.  Queen - We Are The Champions (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04854XqcfCY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

409.  Queen - We Will Rock You (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tJYN-eG1zk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

410.  Queen - Who wants to live forever - Remastered [HD] - with lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K8TRRof5V0o&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

411.  Queen - You're My Best Friend (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaZpZQG2z10&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

412.  Queens Of The Stone Age - No One Knows (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s88r_q7oufE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

413.  R. Kelly - I Believe I Can Fly (LP Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIQn8pab8Vc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

414.  R.E.M. - Losing My Religion (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwtdhWltSIg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

415.  R.E.M. - The One I Love (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7oQEPfe-O8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

416.  Racoon - Love you more [lyrics].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04_T1CkMZMA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

417.  Racoon - No Mercy (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSlTweICgtI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

418.  Radiohead - Creep.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFkzRNyygfk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

419.  Rag Doll Aerosmith  lyrics on the screen.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgvhTl9hh_Y&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

420.  Razorlight - America (Official video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9NhncU5_CE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

421.  Red hot chili peppers - By the way (Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bJbJZLz9KY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

422.  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Under The Bridge [Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwlogyj7nFE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

423.  Red Hot Chili Peppers-Dani California wlyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpR0SAbNXmQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

424.  REO Speedwagon - Keep on Loving You (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wJzNZ1c5C9c&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

425.  Republica - Ready to Go (Official Video) (1926454).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgffRW1fKDk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

426.  Republica - Ready to Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgffRW1fKDk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

427.  Richard Marx - Right Here Waiting (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_E2EHVxNAE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

428.  Rick James - Super Freak (12 Mix) (Slayd5000).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEHvaMdCzmQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

429.  Rihanna - Stay ft. Mikky Ekko.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JF8BRvqGCNs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

430.  Robbie Robertson - Somewhere Down The Crazy River (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4KP9PNSUME4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

431.  Robbie Williams & Nicole Kidman - Something Stupid - Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BoY432ga0wQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

432.  Robbie Williams - Angels (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luwAMFcc2f8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

433.  Robbie Williams - Feel (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iy4mXZN1Zzk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

434.  Robbie Williams - Millennium.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xcWOviMI6Lk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

435.  Robbie Williams - Rock DJ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BnO3nijfYmU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

436.  Robbie Williams - She's The One (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVaRHJn_dgM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

437.  Robert Cray - Don't Be Afraid Of The Dark.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra2Qndv_xeE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

438.  Robert Cray - Right Next Door (Because Of Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jP2EvSNHqh0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

439.  Robert Miles - Children [Dream Version].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CC5ca6Hsb2Q&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

440.  Robert Palmer - Addicted To Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XcATvu5f9vE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

441.  Robert Plant - Big Log (Official Video) [HD REMASTERED].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxSsol3Zd7k&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

442.  Robin Beck - The Very First Time (HQ).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXk-PPmH5ak&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

443.  Robin Thicke - Blurred Lines ft. T.I., Pharrell (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyDUC1LUXSU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

444.  Rockwell - Somebody's Watching Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YvAYIJSSZY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

445.  Rod Stewart-Da ya think i'm sexy.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCjzeqcb3AU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

446.  Rolling Stones-start me up.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZzlgJ-SfKYE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

447.  Ronan Keating - When You Say Nothing At All ( Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsbkk4SZAqA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

448.  Roxette - How Do You Do!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nx2iLOvP0rM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

449.  Roxette - It Must Have Been Love (Official Music Video) (1840622).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2C5TjS2sh4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

450.  Roxette - It Must Have Been Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k2C5TjS2sh4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

451.  Roxette - Joyride (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCorJG9mubk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

452.  Roxette - The Look.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlVI7ZNiFlI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

453.  Roxy Music - Love Is The Drug (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0n3OepDn5GU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

454.  Sananda Maitreya - Wishing Well (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynIHsHYaig0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

455.  Santana - Smooth ft. Rob Thomas (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Whgn_iE5uc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

456.  Santana- She's Not There.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoz8iXjfH4Y&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

457.  Savage Garden - To The Moon & Back (Extended Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HCm6gRHINqA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

458.  Savage Garden - Truly Madly Deeply.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQnAxOQxQIU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

459.  School - Roger Hodgson (Supertramp) Writer and Composer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gkbsOywVxU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

460.  Scorpions - Send Me An Angel (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1UUYjd2rjsE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

461.  Scorpions - Wind Of Change (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n4RjJKxsamQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

462.  Seal - Crazy [Official Video].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1A-hqZf7xQs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

463.  Self Esteem - The offspring.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeWjzBHUdsI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

464.  Shaggy - Boombastic (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6W5pq4bIzIw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

465.  Shakira - Hips Don't Lie ft. Wyclef Jean.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUT5rEU6pqM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

466.  Shakira - Whenever, Wherever (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weRHyjj34ZE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

467.  Shania Twain - Man! I Feel Like a Woman! (Alternate Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDXRnv_hw7E&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

468.  Shania Twain - That Don't Impress Me Much (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqFLXayD6e8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

469.  Shocking Blue - Venus (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPEhQugz-Ew&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

470.  Show Me Love - Robin S 1993.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7X3YpXiI5dM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

471.  Sigh No More - Mumford & Sons - LYRICS.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujv3c0TqLRk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

472.  Simple Minds - Belfast Child.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vhhTvcLoRw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

473.  Simple Minds - Don't You (Forget About Me).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CdqoNKCCt7A&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

474.  Simple Minds - Promised You A Miracle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tX55HEX0hb0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

475.  Simple Minds - Sanctify Yourself (Extended Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtYYUsGGx3s&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

476.  Simply Red - Fairground (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KiRyiVgWj6g&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

477.  Simply Red - Holding Back The Years (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG07WSu7Q9w&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

478.  Simply Red - Money's Too Tight (To Mention).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrUB0g8Vjgg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

479.  Simply Red - Something Got Me Started (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DMgVS2j05HA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

480.  Simply Red - Stars (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izOdvBmTDh0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

481.  Skunk Anansie - Hedonism (Just Because You Feel Good).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFui8_VOJqE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

482.  Skunk Anansie - Weak.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPglNjxVHiM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

483.  Snap - Power (7'' version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QUEo2k3bVKk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

484.  SNAP! - Rhythm Is A Dancer (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYIaWeVL1JM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

485.  Sniff 'n' The Tears - Driver's Seat (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SCzVEUlqqA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

486.  Snow Patrol - Chasing Cars (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GemKqzILV4w&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

487.  Snow Patrol - Crack The Shutters (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GhK81hZj4L4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

488.  Snow Patrol - Shut Your Eyes (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3jFcZjv_kk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

489.  So Lonely - The Police w Lyrics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fz0DFefft2E&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

490.  Soul Asylum - Runaway Train.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRtvqT_wMeY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

491.  Soul II Soul - Back To Life (However Do You Want Me) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TB54dZkzZOY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

492.  Soundgarden - Black Hole Sun.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mbBbFH9fAg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

493.  Spandau Ballet - Gold (HD Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ntG50eXbBtc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

494.  Spandau Ballet - Only When You Leave (HD Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlLCC_gF8QY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

495.  Spandau Ballet - Through the Barricades (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yn7HXmzxqV8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

496.  Spandau Ballet - True (HD Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AR8D2yqgQ1U&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

497.  Spice Girls - 2 Become 1.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FA5jsa1lR9c&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

498.  Spice Girls - Mama.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VsNbhwSXDB8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

499.  Spice Girls - Viva Forever.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3wkuqRFXNvI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

500.  Spin Doctors - Two Princes (1785517).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsdy_rct6uo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

501.  Spin Doctors - Two Princes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsdy_rct6uo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

502.  Starship - We Built This City (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1b8AhIsSYQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

503.  Status Quo - Roll Over Lay Down.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wr3JO0MhFTY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

504.  Status Quo Whatever you want.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7-z4Dz5ZU4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

505.  Steppenwolf - Born To Be Wild.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMbATaj7Il8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

506.  Steve miller Band - Abracadabra.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QyoRzZrF00&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

507.  Steve Winwood - While You See A Chance.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0j6g_uUhH2c&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

508.  Sting - Englishman In New York.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d27gTrPPAyk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

509.  Sting - Fragile.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lB6a-iD6ZOY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

510.  Sting - If I Ever Lose My Faith In You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7km4EHgkQiw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

511.  Sting - If You Love Somebody Set Them Free (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSGl3d4KOMk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

512.  Sting - It's Probably Me (feat. Eric Clapton).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SUYI7kIR0S4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

513.  Supertramp - It's Raining Again.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZUE4_PtOk0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

514.  Survivor - Burning Heart (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kc71KZG87X4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

515.  Take That - Back For Good (Radio Mix) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BWEKw5xG69M&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

516.  Taylor Dayne - Tell It to My Heart.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud6sU3AclT4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

517.  Tears For Fears - Everybody Wants To Rule The World (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aGCdLKXNF3w&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

518.  Tears For Fears - Shout (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye7FKc1JQe4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

519.  Tears For Fears - Sowing The Seeds Of Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAtGOESO7W8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

520.  Texas - Say What You Want (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5n1mfhFBYdg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

521.  The Alan Parsons Project - Don't Answer Me.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLvFbBR4XOg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

522.  The Baby's - Isn't It Time (Re-mastered HQ Audio).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttJjGpEJGRQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

523.  The Babys - Every Time I Think Of You - [STEREO].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvvGgqV6SGo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

524.  The Bangles - Eternal Flame.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSoOFn3wQV4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

525.  The Bangles - Walk Like an Egyptian (Video Version).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cv6tuzHUuuk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

526.  The Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uSD4vsh1zDA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

527.  The Black Eyed Peas - Where Is The Love (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WpYeekQkAdc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

528.  The Blues Brothers (1980) - Everybody Needs Somebody to Love Scene (69)  Movieclips.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EHV0zs0kVGg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

529.  The Calling - Wherever You Will Go (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAP9AF6DCu4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

530.  The Cardigans - Lovefool (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NI6aOFI7hms&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

531.  The Cardigans - My Favourite Game Stone Version.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9WgtlgGAgs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

532.  The Cars - Drive (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuZA6qiJVfU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

533.  The Clash-Rock the Casbah.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVNM93EWGFE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

534.  The Communards (feat Sarah Jane Morris) - Don't Leave Me This Way (1986).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w35DiS0qESM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

535.  The Connells - '74-'75.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l-ITv4OBV9c&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

536.  The Cranberries - Ode To My Family (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zz-DJr1Qs54&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

537.  The Cranberries - Zombie (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ejga4kJUts&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

538.  The Cult - She Sells Sanctuary.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCOSPtyZAPA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

539.  The Dandy Warhols - Bohemian Like You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CU3mc0yvRNk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

540.  The Doobie Brothers Listen to the Music ~With Lyrics~.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GVgMzKMgNxw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

541.  The Doors - Strange Days (New Stereo Mix).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vG-0sedYFqE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

542.  The Fray - How to save a life (lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DF0zefuJ4Ys&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

543.  The Human League - Don't You Want Me (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uPudE8nDog0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

544.  The Killers - Human (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIZdjT1472Y&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

545.  The Killers - Mr. Brightside (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGdGFtwCNBE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

546.  The Kinks - Lola (Plus Lyrics) (1970) [HIGH QUALITY COVER VERSION].ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWMNrfTZLIg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

547.  The Korgis - Everybody's Got To Learn Sometime.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fOVECbr-vsc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

548.  The Logical Song by Roger Hodgson (former Supertramp singer songwriter).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fBoYZqmcZuc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

549.  The Lumineers - Ho Hey (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvCBSSwgtg4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

550.  The Offspring - Pretty Fly (For a White Guy).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AltMeuPkWRs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

551.  The Outfield - Your Love (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4N1iwQxiHrs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

552.  The pointer sisters - I'm so excited.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQqwG_rQx7A&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

553.  The Police - Can't Stand Losing You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH0vjLwMyc4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

554.  The Police - De Do Do Do, De Da Da Da.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7v2GDbEmjGE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

555.  The Police - Every Breath You Take (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMOGaugKpzs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

556.  The Police - Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aENX1Sf3fgQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

557.  The Police - Message In A Bottle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbXWrmQW-OE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

558.  The Police - Roxanne.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3T1c7GkzRQQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

559.  The Power of Love - Huey Lewis and the News (Back to the Future).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-NMph943tsw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

560.  The Rasmus - In the Shadows [Crow Version] (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gwO8-oqwFw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

561.  The Rolling Stones - Angie - OFFICIAL PROMO (Version 2).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2K7jMLS-7iw&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

562.  The Rolling Stones - Anybody Seen My Baby - OFFICIAL PROMO.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BinwuzZVjnE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

563.  The Rolling Stones - Paint It, Black (Official Lyric Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4irXQhgMqg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

564.  The Smashing Pumpkins - 1979 (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4aeETEoNfOg&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

565.  The Temptations - Papa Was A Rolling Stone.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pJV2pWFyfn4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

566.  The Verve - Bitter Sweet Symphony (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1lyu1KKwC74&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

567.  The Weather Girls - It's Raining Men (Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5aZJBLAu1E&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

568.  There Must Be An Angel (Playing With My Heart) (Remastered).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCdneDxFRYQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

569.  Tina Turner & David Bowie - Tonight (Live).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7icGpchTH4c&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

570.  Tina Turner - Private Dancer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4QnalIHlVc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

571.  TINA TURNER ? We Don't Need Another Hero (Thunderdome)?music video?.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gcm-tOGiva0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

572.  Tiësto - Dance4Life.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yT27MHg5Hls&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

573.  Tiësto - Traffic (Radio Edit) ????.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TiIuP1-LCg0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

574.  TLC - Waterfalls (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8WEtxJ4-sh4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

575.  Toploader - Dancing in the Moonlight (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yBnIUX0QAE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

576.  Toto - Africa (Official HD Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

577.  Toto - Hold The Line (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htgr3pvBr-I&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

578.  Toto - Rosanna (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmOLtTGvsbM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

579.  Toto - Stop Loving You.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYr3OJOXk60&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

580.  Train - Drive By (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oxqnFJ3lp5k&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

581.  Train - Drops of Jupiter (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7Xf-Lesrkuc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

582.  Train - Hey, Soul Sister (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVpv8-5XWOI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

583.  Triggerfinger - I Follow Rivers (met kopjes en mes)  3FM Live.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fzWQV5OiQQQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

584.  Twenty 4 Seven-Slave To The Music.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFxFOGHmiFM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

585.  U2 - 10. Sweetest Thing (The Single Mix) (The Best Of 1980 - 1990).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5S88HP_fJqo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

586.  U2 - Beautiful Day (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co6WMzDOh1o&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

587.  U2 - City of Blinding Lights.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xQOb51qZ-c&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

588.  U2 - Elevation (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19KstSgU-c0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

589.  U2 - Mysterious Ways (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxcDTUMLQJI&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

590.  U2 - One (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftjEcrrf7r0&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

591.  U2 - Pride (In The Name Of Love) (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHcP4MWABGY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

592.  U2 Vertigo (Radio Edit).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9AuH6zVcRk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

593.  U2- I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For (Joshua Tree 1987).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vye_tNZYL8&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

594.  UB40 - Red Red Wine (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zXt56MB-3vc&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

595.  UB40 - Sing Our Own Song (with Lyrics).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0ltWUqu8ck&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

596.  Ugly Kid Joe - Cats In The Cradle (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B32yjbCSVpU&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

597.  Ugly Kid Joe - Everything About You (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byEGjLU2egA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

598.  Usher - You Make Me Wanna... (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQRzrnH6_HY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

599.  Van Halen - Jump (1984) (Remastered) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T2UPhGspjDQ&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

600.  Van Halen - Jump (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwYN7mTi6HM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

601.  Van Halen - Runnin' With The Devil (1978) (Remastered) HQ.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aS5lFaTm-ZY&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

602.  Van Halen - Why Can't This Be Love.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1VaEdKwXJhM&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

603.  Walking On The Moon - The Police.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbv-LcdLY-Y&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

604.  West End Girls [Dance Mix] - Pet Shop Boys.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOjKkcI7kCA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

605.  Wet Wet Wet - Love Is All Around (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3gEkwhdXUE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

606.  Whitney Houston - I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eH3giaIzONA&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

607.  Will Smith - Miami (Official Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwBS6QGsH_4&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

608.  Wonderful tonight - Eric Clapton.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xl7Hd2r0LOs&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

609.  Yazoo - Don't Go (1982)..ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLTGs4fqxBk&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

610.  Youssou N'Dour - 7 Seconds ft. Neneh Cherry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqCpjFMvz-k&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

611.  ZZ Top - Gimme All Your Lovin' (Official Music Video).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ae829mFAGGE&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB

612.  ZZ Top Sharp Dressed Man.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pn2-b_opVTo&list=PLI_TwOrHUsI8MQNW0BvBAwwHYKgyiiiDB
Top 1000 - Best Hits ever! 90s 80s 00s 90 80 2000