
Complex Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk5Vm5XJ1n4

Ellipses.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLbe13v4MSo

Exponential Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Il8NV_PU5Ic

Graphs of Polar Coordinates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mteFRnuRwY

Graphs of Rational Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCc5eGG2pYE

Graphs of Sine and Cosine.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EsAWM3RA1FU

Hyperbolas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxXiXkItdso

Inverse Trig Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uOcoaxdVpKE

Law of Cosines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfiPua0-weU

Law of Sines.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwBUGqGKq80

Linear and Angular Speed.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUZJPfpsOt0

Logarithmic Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dA5G04rams

Memorizing the Unit Circle Using Left Hand Trick.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LE6dmczMc68

Multiple Angles.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rawvSUG_DQ

Parametric Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ra1HUDtI3Rk

Polar Coordinates.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PaFBMVn0abw

Polynomial Functions of a Higher Degree.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKFda-fW8II

Properties of Logarithmic Functions.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iht3OxMnb9Q

Radian and Degree Measure.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-fW96UQCNo

Rational Functions and Asymptotes.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRD5kte9jV8

Real Zeros of Polynomials.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0fEe7rB2YrI

Right Triangle Trigonometry.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZeGs_Klhu8

Roots of Complex Numbers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T9JOuZVm_4

Solving a System of Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cs4YFZvfEOk

Solving Exponential and Logarithmic Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-L-8OLo0H4

Solving Trigonometric Equations.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPz1_Vkb_oA

Sum and Difference Formulas.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b15yEVGta-o

Trig Form of Complex Number.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=343Vr0AAC4w

Trig Functions at Any Angle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqJ6dYumStc

Unit Circle (1357823).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YkgkGWhUFXI

Unit Circle Song  Michael Bautista.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CiXAP8XaBg

Unit Circle.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKJNcnZSwhM

Vectors and Dot Products.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sM8NGnWRNio

Vectors in a Plane.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ak15im0e1Eo

Verifying Trig Identities.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXGKYrSslEo

Work and Force Applications.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_aJGsBJLn0
Precalculus Course Lessons