
1.  Walford Davies
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walford_Davies/Walford_Davies.txt

2.  Wallingford Riegger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wallingford_Riegger/Wallingford_Riegger.txt

3.  Walter Abendroth
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Abendroth/Walter_Abendroth.txt

4.  Walter Beckett
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Beckett/Walter_Beckett.txt

5.  Walter Braunfels
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Braunfels/Walter_Braunfels.txt

6.  Walter Bricht
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Bricht/Walter_Bricht.txt

7.  Walter Damrosch
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Damrosch/Walter_Damrosch.txt

8.  Walter Frye
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Frye/Walter_Frye.txt

9.  Walter Goetze
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Goetze/Walter_Goetze.txt

10.  Walter Hartley
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Hartley/Walter_Hartley.txt

11.  Walter Hekster
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Hekster/Walter_Hekster.txt

12.  Walter Kollo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Kollo/Walter_Kollo.txt

13.  Walter Lambe
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Lambe/Walter_Lambe.txt

14.  Walter Leigh
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Leigh/Walter_Leigh.txt

15.  Walter Piston
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Piston/Walter_Piston.txt

16.  Walter Scharf
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Scharf/Walter_Scharf.txt

17.  Walter Taieb
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Taieb/Walter_Taieb.txt

18.  Walter Zimmermann
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walter_Zimmermann/Walter_Zimmermann.txt

19.  Walther von der Vogelweide
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Walther_von_der_Vogelweide/Walther_von_der_Vogelweide.txt

20.  Warren Barker
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Warren_Barker/Warren_Barker.txt

21.  Wassili Leps
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wassili_Leps/Wassili_Leps.txt

22.  Wayne Barlow
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wayne_Barlow/Wayne_Barlow.txt

23.  Wenzel Gährich
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wenzel_Gährich/Wenzel_Gährich.txt

24.  Wenzel Müller
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wenzel_Müller/Wenzel_Müller.txt

25.  Wenzel Pichl
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wenzel_Pichl/Wenzel_Pichl.txt

26.  Wenzel Raimund Birck
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wenzel_Raimund_Birck/Wenzel_Raimund_Birck.txt

27.  Werner Egk
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Werner_Egk/Werner_Egk.txt

28.  Wilfred Josephs
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilfred_Josephs/Wilfred_Josephs.txt

29.  Wilhelm Cramer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelm_Cramer/Wilhelm_Cramer.txt

30.  Wilhelm Friedemann Bach
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelm_Friedemann_Bach/Wilhelm_Friedemann_Bach.txt

31.  Wilhelm Friedrich Ernst Bach
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelm_Friedrich_Ernst_Bach/Wilhelm_Friedrich_Ernst_Bach.txt

32.  Wilhelm Furtwängler
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelm_Furtwängler/Wilhelm_Furtwängler.txt

33.  Wilhelm Hieronymus Pachelbel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelm_Hieronymus_Pachelbel/Wilhelm_Hieronymus_Pachelbel.txt

34.  Wilhelm Kienzl
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelm_Kienzl/Wilhelm_Kienzl.txt

35.  Wilhelm Killmayer
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelm_Killmayer/Wilhelm_Killmayer.txt

36.  Wilhelm Middelschulte
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelm_Middelschulte/Wilhelm_Middelschulte.txt

37.  Wilhelm Petersen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelm_Petersen/Wilhelm_Petersen.txt

38.  Wilhelm Peterson-Berger
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelm_Peterson-Berger/Wilhelm_Peterson-Berger.txt

39.  Wilhelm Stenhammar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelm_Stenhammar/Wilhelm_Stenhammar.txt

40.  Wilhelm Taubert
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelm_Taubert/Wilhelm_Taubert.txt

41.  Wilhelmine of Prussia
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wilhelmine_of_Prussia/Wilhelmine_of_Prussia.txt

42.  Will Marion Cook
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Will_Marion_Cook/Will_Marion_Cook.txt

43.  Will Ogdon
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Will_Ogdon/Will_Ogdon.txt

44.  Willem Andriessen
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Willem_Andriessen/Willem_Andriessen.txt

45.  Willem de Fesch
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Willem_de_Fesch/Willem_de_Fesch.txt

46.  Willem Jeths
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Willem_Jeths/Willem_Jeths.txt

47.  Willem Pijper
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Willem_Pijper/Willem_Pijper.txt

48.  Willem van Otterloo
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Willem_van_Otterloo/Willem_van_Otterloo.txt

49.  Willi Brandt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Willi_Brandt/Willi_Brandt.txt

50.  William Albright
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Albright/William_Albright.txt

51.  William Alwyn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Alwyn/William_Alwyn.txt

52.  William Arms Fisher
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Arms_Fisher/William_Arms_Fisher.txt

53.  William Babell
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Babell/William_Babell.txt

54.  William Bergsma
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Bergsma/William_Bergsma.txt

55.  William Billings
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Billings/William_Billings.txt

56.  William Bolcom
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Bolcom/William_Bolcom.txt

57.  William Boyce
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Boyce/William_Boyce.txt

58.  William Brade
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Brade/William_Brade.txt

59.  William Burdine Blake Sr
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Burdine_Blake_Sr/William_Burdine_Blake_Sr.txt

60.  William Byrd
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Byrd/William_Byrd.txt

61.  William Child
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Child/William_Child.txt

62.  William Corbett
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Corbett/William_Corbett.txt

63.  William Cornysh
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Cornysh/William_Cornysh.txt

64.  William Croft
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Croft/William_Croft.txt

65.  William Crotch
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Crotch/William_Crotch.txt

66.  William Denis Browne
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Denis_Browne/William_Denis_Browne.txt

67.  William Duckworth
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Duckworth/William_Duckworth.txt

68.  William Gilchrist
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Gilchrist/William_Gilchrist.txt

69.  William Grant Still
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Grant_Still/William_Grant_Still.txt

70.  William Hawte
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Hawte/William_Hawte.txt

71.  William Hayes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Hayes/William_Hayes.txt

72.  William Henry Bell
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Henry_Bell/William_Henry_Bell.txt

73.  William Henry Fry
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Henry_Fry/William_Henry_Fry.txt

74.  William Henry Holmes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Henry_Holmes/William_Henry_Holmes.txt

75.  William Herschel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Herschel/William_Herschel.txt

76.  William Horwood
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Horwood/William_Horwood.txt

77.  William Hurlstone
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Hurlstone/William_Hurlstone.txt

78.  William Kraft
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Kraft/William_Kraft.txt

79.  William Lawes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Lawes/William_Lawes.txt

80.  William Leighton
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Leighton/William_Leighton.txt

81.  William Lloyd Webber
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Lloyd_Webber/William_Lloyd_Webber.txt

82.  William Mason
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Mason/William_Mason.txt

83.  William Mathias
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Mathias/William_Mathias.txt

84.  William Michael Rooke
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Michael_Rooke/William_Michael_Rooke.txt

85.  William Mundy
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Mundy/William_Mundy.txt

86.  William Reed
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Reed/William_Reed.txt

87.  William Schuman
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Schuman/William_Schuman.txt

88.  William Shield
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Shield/William_Shield.txt

89.  William Simmes
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Simmes/William_Simmes.txt

90.  William Smith
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Smith/William_Smith.txt

91.  William Sterndale Bennett
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Sterndale_Bennett/William_Sterndale_Bennett.txt

92.  William Sweeney
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Sweeney/William_Sweeney.txt

93.  William Thomas Best
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Thomas_Best/William_Thomas_Best.txt

94.  William Turner
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Turner/William_Turner.txt

95.  William Vincent Wallace
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Vincent_Wallace/William_Vincent_Wallace.txt

96.  William Walker
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Walker/William_Walker.txt

97.  William Walton
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/William_Walton/William_Walton.txt

98.  Willoughby Bertie
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Willoughby_Bertie/Willoughby_Bertie.txt

99.  Willy Burkhard
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Willy_Burkhard/Willy_Burkhard.txt

100.  Willy Ostijn
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Willy_Ostijn/Willy_Ostijn.txt

101.  Wim Mertens
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wim_Mertens/Wim_Mertens.txt

102.  Winfried Zillig
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Winfried_Zillig/Winfried_Zillig.txt

103.  Witold Lutoslawski
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Witold_Lutoslawski/Witold_Lutoslawski.txt

104.  Wladimir Vogel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wladimir_Vogel/Wladimir_Vogel.txt

105.  Wojciech Kilar
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wojciech_Kilar/Wojciech_Kilar.txt

106.  Woldemar Bargiel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Woldemar_Bargiel/Woldemar_Bargiel.txt

107.  Wolff Jakob Lauffensteiner
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wolff_Jakob_Lauffensteiner/Wolff_Jakob_Lauffensteiner.txt

108.  Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart/Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart.txt

109.  Wolfgang Carl Briegel
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wolfgang_Carl_Briegel/Wolfgang_Carl_Briegel.txt

110.  Wolfgang Fortner
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wolfgang_Fortner/Wolfgang_Fortner.txt

111.  Wolfgang Rihm
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wolfgang_Rihm/Wolfgang_Rihm.txt

112.  Wolfgang von Schweinitz
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wolfgang_von_Schweinitz/Wolfgang_von_Schweinitz.txt

113.  Wolfram Buchenberg
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wolfram_Buchenberg/Wolfram_Buchenberg.txt

114.  Wolfram Wagner
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wolfram_Wagner/Wolfram_Wagner.txt

115.  Wladyslaw Szpilman
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wladyslaw_Szpilman/Wladyslaw_Szpilman.txt

116.  Wladyslaw Zelenski
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MaxMeents/infinitemenu/main/All/Media/Music/Music_Composers/W/Wladyslaw_Zelenski/Wladyslaw_Zelenski.txt
W