
1.  30 Ultimate Windows 10 Tips and Tricks for 2020.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VkYLgEJ-x9Q

2.  7 Zoom Screen Share Tips Every User Should Know!.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25Awq_v1Zms

3.  Computer Basics Buttons and Ports on a Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yq9qzw8p7FI

4.  Computer Basics Creating a Safe Workspace.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8M9HtW_SAQM

5.  Computer Basics Getting to Know Laptop Computers.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LIv2ocJXRk

6.  Computer Basics Inside a Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HB4I2CgkcCo

7.  Computer Basics Setting Up a Desktop Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KdQeU5QTfYE

8.  Computer Basics Understanding Applications.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYgy4rjV4J0

9.  Computer Basics Understanding Operating Systems.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkGCLIQx1MI

10.  Computer Basics What Is a Computer.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cu3R5it4cQs

11.  Computer Basics What is the Cloud.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gu4FYSFeWqg

12.  How to teach online with Zoom Complete Introduction #teachonline #zoom.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvndgRlOH1w

13.  Internet Security Basics.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bToocxcmyqQ

14.  IT Security what you need to know.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfnFqOItSIg

15.  Learn basic networking in 4 minutes (VERY IMPORTANT CONCEPTS).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObNYlm7HJs8

16.  Mac OS X Basics Getting Started with the Desktop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bEQ8u3LViDU

17.  The Eagle Attitude (EAGLE MINDSET) Best Motivational Video.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZTv18VUM0I

18.  Understanding Spam and Phishing.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NI37JI7KnSc

19.  Windows 10 (Beginners Guide).ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8d9FY3LpR4E

20.  Windows Basics Getting Started with the Desktop.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jvp61NwGT8

21.  ZOOM for Teachers Tutorial.ahk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHd4Cff4Ha8
Training- Computer