
.ahk


Acerola.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acerola

African mango.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_mango

African mangosteen.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African_mangosteen

African oil palm fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elaeis_guineensis

Alaskan bunchberry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornus_%C3%97_unalaschkensis

Ambarella.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ambarella

American oil palm fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elaeis_oleifera

American plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_plum

Apricot.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apricot

Açaí.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A%C3%A7a%C3%AD

Bambangan.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mangifera_pajang

Beach plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beach_plum

Bignay.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antidesma_bunius

Binjai.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mangifera_caesia

Black cherry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_cherry

Bolivian mountain coconut.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bolivian_mountain_coconut

Brush cherry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syzygium_australe

Bush butter fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dacryodes_edulis

Canadian bunchberry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornus_canadensis

Casimiroa.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casimiroa_edulis

Cedar Bay cherry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenia_reinwardtiana

Changunga.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byrsonima_crassifolia

Cherry elaeagnus.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cherry_elaeagnus

Cherry of the Rio Grande.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenia_involucrata

Cherry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cherry

Chinese date.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ziziphus_mauritiana

Choke cherry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Choke_cherry

Coconut.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coconut

Cocoplum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cocoplum

Cornelian cherry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cornelian_cherry

Country-almond.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Country-almond

Creek plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creek_plum

Crowberry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Empetrum_nigrum

Curry berry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murraya_koenigii

Damson.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Damson

Date.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phoenix_dactylifera

Desert quandong.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desert_quandong

Emblic.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emblic

Emu apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Owenia_acidula

Engkala.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Engkala&action=edit&redlink=1

Fibrous satinash.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syzygium_fibrosum

Flatwoods plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flatwoods_plum

Gomortega.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gomortega

Green plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buchanania_obovata

Greengage.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greengage

Guavaberry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guavaberry

Gubinge.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gubinge

Hairless rambutan.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hairless_rambutan

Jambolan.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jambolan

Jelly palm fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Butia_capitata

Jocote.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jocote

Jujube.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jujube

Kelsey plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kelsey_plum_(fruit)&action=edit&redlink=1

King coconut.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King_coconut

Korlan.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korlan

Little gooseberry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buchanania_arborescens

Longan.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longan

Lychee.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lychee

Malay rose apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malay_rose_apple

Mamey sapote.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mamey_sapote

Mango.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mangifera_indica

Maprang.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bouea_macrophylla

Marula.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sclerocarya_birrea

Miracle fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synsepalum_dulcificum

Moriche palm fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mauritia_flexuosa

Nectarine.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peach#Nectarines

Neem.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neem

Nepali hog plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nepali_hog_plum

Nutmeg.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myristica_fragrans

Otaheite gooseberry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Otaheite_gooseberry

Peach.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peach

Peanut butter fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bunchosia_glandulifera

Pequi.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pequi

Pigeon plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pigeon_plum

Pili.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canarium_ovatum

Pitanga.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eugenia_uniflora

Plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plum

Pulasan.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pulasan

Rambutan.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rambutan

Red bush apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red_bush_apple

Riberry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riberry

Sageretia.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sageretia

Saw palmetto fruit.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serenoa_repens

Sea coconut.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_coconut

Shoebutton ardisia.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ardisia_elliptica

Silver buffaloberry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silver_buffaloberry

Sloe.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sloe

Spanish cherry.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_cherry

Spanish lime.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_lime

Tamarind-plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dialium_indum

Velvet tamarind.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dialium_cochinchinense

Watery rose apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watery_rose_apple

Wax apple.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wax_apple

Wild peach.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terminalia_carpentariae

Wongi.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wongi

Yangmei.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Myrica_rubra

Yellow plum.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ximenia_americana

Zwetschge.ahk
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zwetschge
2 Drupes